external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has discussed with south african president cyril ramaphosa enhanced engagement between the two countries and greater cooperation in areas of skill development, agriculture and information technology.
swaraj arrived here yesterday on a five-day visit during which she will attend meetings of brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) and ibsa (india, brazil, south africa) -- the two major groupings where india has been playing a key role.
swaraj met ramaphosa who recalled his meeting with prime minister narendra modi at the commonwealth summit in london and conveyed his commitment to take the bilateral relations to the next level, according to a statement by the ministry of external affairs.
the enhanced engagement between the two countries, especially in the aftermath of the india-south africa business summit, and greater cooperation in areas such as skill development, agriculture, it etc were also discussed, it said.
swaraj conveyed her felicitations on his assumption of office as president and mentioned that the year 2018 was of special significance for both india and south africa since they both were commemorating the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations, the 100th birth anniversary of the iconic leader nelson mandela and the 125th anniversary of the pietermaritzburg incident of mahatma gandhi.
ramaphosa recalled the great legacy left behind by mahatma gandhi in south africa for future generations.
a young mahatma gandhi was thrown out of a train compartment in pietermaritzburg railway station.
the 1893 incident proved to be a turning point in gandhi's fight against racial discrimination in south africa.
swaraj will also attend a series of events marking the 125th anniversary of the historic incident.
during the visit, swaraj will participate in the brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers' meeting today which is expected to lay the foundation for the annual summit of the grouping in johannesburg next month.
she will also chair a meeting of foreign ministers of ibsa (india, brazil, south africa), another bloc working to deepen coordination among the three countries on major global issues.
visibly upset modi leaves lok sabha amid uproarnew delhi, dec 2, 2015, (ians) 13:37 ista visibly upset prime minister narendra modi left the lok sabha on wednesday as opposition members created a din demanding the sacking of minister v.k. singh.
after some 40 minutes of uproar, during which speaker sumitra mahajan's repeated requests to the protesting mps to calm down fell on deaf ears, modi left the house.
the opposition mps said they wanted minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh out of the government for making derogatory comments against dalits.
the trouble began soon after the house met for question hour as opposition members assembled near the speaker's chair shouting slogans against the minister.
v.k. singh should resign!
they shouted.
mahajan tried to pacify them on one hand and asked the rest of the house to continue with parliamentary business.
modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minority affairs minister najma heptullah looked on from the front rows of the treasury benches.
parliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu also tried to pacify the agitated members, saying the minister had already clarified the issue and there was no point stretching it further.
as the question hour got over amid the din, the speaker again requested the opposition to let the house function but the protesting mps instead walked out.
indian warship makes port call in israelnew delhi, aug 20, 2015, dhns: 1:11 istafter four years, an indian naval warship ins trikand has made a port call in israel on wednesday seeking to boost the bilateral cooperation in military affairs.
the warship's arrival in haifa assumes significance as it happens ahead of the first planned visit by an indian president to the west asian nation.
president pranab mukherjee is likely to travel to tel aviv in a few months, though the dates have not yet been finalised.
to prepare the ground, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will fly down to israel next month.
recently union home minister rajnath singh had visited israel.
in may, swaraj stated that narendra modi would be the first indian prime minister to travel to israel, but that won't change india's policies towards palestine.
the prime minister would be visiting israel.
but there would be no tilt towards israel and no change on foreign policy as we will continue to support the palestine cause, she said.
dates of the modis visit too has not been finalised, but new delhi and tel aviv are exploring the possibility of planing the visit in the first half of 2016.
india established full diplomatic relationship with israel in 1992 though it recognised the country in 1950.
no indian prime minister or president had ever visited israel but former israeli prime minister ariel sharon was the first premier from the west asian nation to come to india in 2003.
israel is currently one of india's biggest supplier of military products, which was made possible by sharon during his visit a decade ago that transformed the bilateral relations.
tel aviv not only sells military wares  from small arms to missile  to india's military and home land security establishment, but also trains the indian policemen.
during its four day stay at haifa, ins trikand would have extensive engagement with israeli navy, expanding the cooperation level between friendly navies.
saudi minister meets kerala nurses in troubled jizan citythiruvananthapuram, sep 22, 2015 (ians) 18:13 istsaudi arabia's health minister khalid bin abdulaziz al-falih has met around 50 nurses from kerala in the troubled city of jizan along the yemen border, and assured them that those who wish to stay will be transferred to safe places.
this action by the saudi minister has been appreciated by the worried nurses, who termed it a very nice gesture.
a nurse told ians over telephone from jizan that after the meeting with the minister on monday, they feel assured that they would be safe.
the minister spoke to us and said that those who want to go back can go, but it will take the usual course (of time) and those who wish to be transferred to a safe place will be given that, the nurse said.
she said 25 of them have decided to return and our papers will be processed once the present holy season gets over.
the usual procedure for getting an exit visa is around three months, said the nurse, who was till recently working at the 150-bed samtah general hospital attached to the health ministry.
she said they will resume their duties at the hospital from next week.
another kerala nurse, who joined work very recently, said the minister assured them that they will be transferred to a hospital at a location where there is no tension.
we will begin our work on sunday at a new hospital far away from samtah.
we are around 25 nurses who came very recently and now that they have given us a transfer to a safe place, we will do our duty and will not return, said the nurse.
the 50 nurses were evacuated on sunday night from the troubled region of samtah, very close to the yemen border, to jizan, around an hour's drive from samtah.
kerala chief minister oommen chandy on monday spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and told her about the nurses' situation.
bjp defers decision on sriramulubangalore/new delhi, mar 19, 2014, dhns : 1:42 istformer minister b sriramulu on wednesday resigned as member of the legislative assembly (mla), but the bjp central leadership once again deferred the announcement of his candidature from the bellary seat as the saffron party failed to resolve its differences on fielding him.
the party earlier indicated the candidature of sriramulu from bellary seat and said it will be officially announced after placing the matter before the central election committee.
however, at the meeting held in new delhi, the issue did not come up, apparently due to differences among several senior leaders, sources said.
despite the bjp karnataka unit giving green signal to fielding sriramulu from bellary, a close friend of the reddy brothers, senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj openly opposed his re-entry.
in bangalore, sriramulu, who had won the bellary rural assembly seat on a bsr congress ticket in the 2013 elections, submitted his resignation letter to speaker kagodu thimmappa.
sriramulu had joined the bjp last week, but had not resigned as legislator.
the move comes after the bjp central leadership disfavoured the merger of bsr congress with the party.
they had offered the bellary ticket to sriramulu on the condition that he quit his bsr congress party.
china in touch with russia over india's nsg bid: officialpress trust of india, beijing, jun 6 2017, 15:59 ist'china and other member including russia maintained close communication and we also maintain that we should act in accordance with the principles of the nsg,' hua chunying told media.
picture courtesy twitterchina today said it is in touch with russia over india's entry into the elite nuclear suppliers group (nsg), but made it clear that its position on the issue remains unchanged.
china and other member including russia maintained close communication and we also maintain that we should act in accordance with the principles of the nsg, hua told media.
the application for accession by non-npt countries is a multi-lateral question and should be addressed on the basis of consensus of the nsg members, hua said when asked for reaction to swarajs comments.
we have stressed our position many times on this issue.
our position remains unchanged, hua said, reiterating china's two-step approach - first to reach a non-discriminatory resolution that applies to all non-npt countries and then to discuss the application to non-npt countries.
she said that at the nsg plenary session this month in bern, china wishes to conduct constructive discussion.
and (it is being done) not only by us but even nations friendly to us as well as enjoying good relations with china, who feel that india should get an nsg membership.
giving russia's example, she said moscow feels that india should be a part of the nsg and un security council.
so we feel, since russia and china share good relations, it should talk to china.
we are not asking them to put pressure on china, but use its good offices.
our effort is to convince china on the issue and also involve nations friendly with both the countries, the minister added.
pakistan too has applied for the nsg membership after india's application following which china came up with the two-step approach blocking indias entry.
on the concerns expressed by swaraj on china's belt and road initiative (bri) in which usd 50 billion china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) is a part, hua said, we also stressed many times that the kashmir issue is one left behind by history between india and pakistan and should be addressed properly through negotiation.
the cpec is an economic corridor and not targeted at any third party and has nothing to do with any territorial dispute.
it will not affect china's position on kashmir, she added.
last updated: 28 may, 2011hubli, may 27 (pti) 14:11 istreacting to the raging controversy triggered by comments on reddy brothers,karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa said on friday that bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj did not influence the induction of reddy brothers into the ministry in karnataka.
it (cabinet) is my prerogative.
nobody recommended (them to) me, yeddyurappa asserted.
sushma swaraj had refuted charges that she was a protector of the mining barons bellary brothers and played a role in their induction into the karnataka cabinet.
there cannot be a bigger lie.
let me tell you the truth, i have no hand in the political making of the bellary brothers.
the bellary brothers, janardhan, karunakar and somashekhar reddy, are said to be close to swaraj and reportedly enjoy her patronage.
the proximity between swaraj and reddy brothers- who say they respect her as a family elder- has been since the former contested against congress president sonia gandhi from bellary in 1999.
however, swaraj denied that she was responsible for induction of the bellary brothers, who are known detractors of chief minister b s yeddyurappa, into the state cabinet.
when bellary brothers were made ministers, (arun) jaitley was in-charge and yeddyurappa was chief minister.
venkaiah (naidu) and ananth kumar were there as senior leaders.
whatever discussions happened, happened between these people.
janardhan and karunakar reddy are cabinet ministers in karnataka.
somashekhar is in-charge of a government body with ministerial status.
my total interaction with the reddy brothers is limited to one day in the year, when i go to bellary for the puja of varamahalakshmi.
for the remaining 364 days, we have no conversation or communication, she said.
swaraj, in fact, maintained that she was opposed to the reddy brothers becoming cabinet ministers.
i was opposed to their appointment as ministers, opposed to three members of a family being made ministers.
but they (jaitley, naidu and kumar) had some political compulsions which made them appoint the brothers, she said.
however, swaraj accepted that when there was a rebellion in karnataka bjp in 2009 and the government was on the verge of falling, she did talk to the reddy brothers to placate them.
but she maintained she did so after then party president rajnath singh and in-charge jaitley asked her to do so.
sushma swaraj reacts angrily to twitter insinuationnew delhi, june 17, 2015 (ians) 13:51 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday reacted angrily to a tweet suggesting she took favours to get her daughter a seat in a medical college through the northeast quota.
my daughter is a barrister and oxford graduate.
what you say in absolutely false, she replied to the tweet.
the twitter handle 'soch @pakoed' had insinuated that sushmaswaraj is no stranger to taking and giving favours!
her daughter studied through northeast quota in medical college.
twitterati immediately reacted, wondering at sushma's impulsive response to a stray tweet.
the handle @pakoed was deleted, though its tweet was retweeted by others.
sushma's twitter supporters urged her not to be hassled by a dog that barks and keep up her good work.
on monday too, sushmaswaraj appears to have lost her cool, targeting a senior journalist of a news channel that was reporting on the lalit modi episode.
look who is preaching propriety - of all the persons navika kumar!
she posted.
sushma's daughter bansuri is a lawyer, who is reported to have appeared in passport cancellation matters relating to former indian premier league chief lalit modi before the court.
the congress has pointed this out in its accusations against the minister, citing conflict of interest.
the senior minister is facing flak for having helped lalit modi procure documents to travel to portugal in 2014.
lalit modi, who is wanted by the enforcement directorate for alleged financial impropriety in the money-spinning ipl, stays in london.
her husband swaraj kaushal was governor of mizoram from 1990 to 1993 and is an expert on the northeast.
ls proceedings washed out on opening daynew delhi, jul 22, 2015, (pti) 18:13 istparliament today saw a washout as the opposition aggressively pressed for ouster of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, as also madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, rejecting the government's offer for a debate.
both houses saw strong demands for resignation of swaraj and raje for their dealings with lalit modi, former ipl chairman who is being investigated by ed in an alleged money laundering case.
there were also demands for chouhan's resignation in connection with the vyapam scam.
while rajya sabha failed to transact any business for the second straight day due to the uproar, lok sabha was paralysed on the first working day of the monsoon session.
both houses were adjourned for the day, minutes past 2 pm.
in the upper house, as soon as obituary references were made, several opposition parties, including the congress, bsp and the left, insisted that no debate was possible without the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan.
satish chandra misra (bsp), naresh agarwal (sp), tapan kumar sen (cpi-m) and d raja (cpi) said they had given notices under rule 267 to suspend business to take up discussion on lalit modi issue and vyapam scams.
defending swaraj, leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley asked the opposition to point out one provision of the law which she has violated in allegedly trying to help lalit modi.
jaitley, while insisting on a discussion, hit back at congress by referring to allegations of financial irregularties against its chief ministers in himachal chief minister, pudducherry and kerala.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad suggested that some members who had given adjournment notice should be allowed to speak, prompting jaitley to protest and ask whether such a practice could be allowed everyday.
jaitley accused the opposition of doing politics of slogan-shouting.
there has been enough of politics of slogan-shouting.
you start with the debate.
the house will not allow slogan-shouting, the bjp leader said.
mayawati (bsp) attacked prime minister narendra modi saying the episode had exposed those who had claimed that na khaoonga, na khane doonga (i will neither take bribe nor will i allow anyone to take it.
amid protests by bjp members, she demanded an impartial cbi probe and resignation of chouhan.
sharad yadav (jd-u) said the ministers whose names have cropped up in the controversies should resign, contending that they will emerge stronger after the probe clears their names.
to emphasise his point, he cited the resignation by him and bjp leader l k advani after their names cropped up in the jain hawala case in 1990s, till their names were cleared.
rajeev shukla (cong), who is ipl chairman at present, said the lalit modi issue was serious enough as it concerned corruption and the concerned ministers should resign.
on the vyapam scam, jaitley said it was squarely a state issue and if the opposition wanted to change rule to discuss state issues and set up new precedents, then issues ranging from kerala, himachal pradesh, assam and goa should also be discussed.
so we will be fair to all states.
he added, if they want to discuss the issue relating to sushmaswaraj swaraj, please start the discussion right now.
sitaram yechury (cpi-m) however asserted that vyapam issue was not just restricted to one state as people linked to it had died even outside madhya pradesh under mysterious circumstances.
the verbal clash continued whenever the house met after adjournments, leading to further adjournments.
same was the scene in lok sabha, which had its first working day today as it was adjourned yesterday immediately after convening as a mark of tribute to a sitting member who passed away recently.
it was repeatedly disrupted ever since it met for the day as members of congress and left kept storming the well with placards despite speaker sumitra mahajan's warning of disciplinary action.
the placards read 'bade modi meherban, to chhote modi pehelwan' (a hindi idiom meaning that a small person is strong if supported by a powerful person) and 'pm chuppi todo' (pm, break your silence), modi ji 56 inch dikhao, sushmaswaraj , raje ko turant hatao (show your 56 inch chest by removing swaraj and raje).
rjd and ncp members were seen supporting them.
swaraj was sitting in the front row along with home minister rajnath singh and transport minister nitin gadkari.
congress members were also sporting black badges on their arms to register their protests and continued wearing them and carrying placards despite speaker's warning against doing so.
trs members also contributed to the uproar by raising the demand for a separate high court for telangana.
at present, andhra pradesh and telangana share the same high court, two years after the bifurcation.
mahajan disapproved of the action of the protesting members and warned that in the event of disorderly conduct, i would be constrained to initiate appropriate disciplinary action against erring members.
she said she has always provided adequate opportunity to all sections of the house to raise matters of topical interest and hoped that all the members would adhere to the set norms of etiquette and standards of behaviour.
this added fuel to the fire and immediately congress and left members again stormed the well while those from the trs trooped into the well in support of their demand for a separate high court for telangana.
this forced the speaker to adjourn the house for two hours, a few minutes after noon.
the house witnessed similar scenes when it met at 2 pm, when deputy speaker m thambidurai adjourned the house for the day.
the only work done was the green signal given to a motion seeking extension of the term of the joint committee of parliament on land acquisition bill.
pm likely to visit mexico this yearnew delhi, mar 12 2016, dhns 1:34 istprime minister narendra modi may visit mexico this year.
mexican foreign minister claudia ruz-massieu conveyed to the prime minister an invitation from the north american nations president enrique pea nieto to visit the country this year.
ruz-massieu is on a visit to new delhi.
she called on the prime minister on friday and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday.
the date of the visit of the prime minister to mexico will be finalised shortly, through diplomatic channels, according to a press release issued by the embassy of mexico in new delhi.
modi and nieto earlier met in september 2015, on the sidelines of the 70th united nations general assembly in new york.
new delhi, feb 23, 2016, dhns: 1:03 istindia asked for action after pathankot attackpakistan has for the first time officially confirmed that moulana masood azhar has been placed under detention since january 14 last after new delhi asked islamabad to act against the radical cleric and his terror organization jaish-e-mohammed (jem) for carrying out the attack on pathankot air base.
with the latest terror strike at pampore in jammu and kashmir once again casting a shadow on new delhis engagement with islamabad, pakistan on monday sought to convey to india that it had indeed acted on the information provided to it on the role of jem operatives in planning and coordinating the january 2-5 attacks on the indian air force base at pathankot in punjab.
sartaj aziz, advisor on foreign affairs to pakistans prime minister m nawaz sharif, told an indian tv channel that the jem chief had been in detention since january 14.
he also said that proposed visit of the special investigation team (sit) from pakistan to india to probe the terror attack on the iaf air base in pathankot might take place by the end of this month or early next month.
azizs comment came at a time, when new delhi and islamabad are exploring possibilities of a meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and him in kathmandu on the sideline of a saarc meet in the middle of march.
foreign secretary s jaishankar may also meet his counterpart a a chaudhry in islamabad or kathmandu ahead of swaraj-aziz meeting.
sharif and prime minister narendra modi might also have a meeting in washington on the sideline of the nuclear security summit, which will be hosted by us president barack obama from march 31 to april 1.
islamabad had earlier stated that some of the jem operatives had been arrested in pakistan after the sit constituted by sharif had worked on the leads provided by new delhi and raided and sealed offices of the terror organization and its front.
though unconfirmed reports indicated that masood azhar, himself, was also detained, new delhi maintained that it had received no official information from islamabad about the detention of the jem founder.
india will not adhere to the unilateral sanctions imposed by the united states on iran, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj indicated on monday just hours before a meeting with her iranian counterpart javad zarif.
she indicated that india's energy ties with iran would not be affected by american president donald trump's decision to withdraw from the nuclear deal with the islamic republic and reimpose us sanctions on it.
we abide by un sanctions, not sanctions imposed by any individual country, the external affairs minister said while addressing a news conference.
iran is the largest crude oil supplier to india after saudi arabia.
she also reiterated the same to respond to a question on the impact of us sanctions on venezuela on india's relations with the latin american country.
sushma later met zarif, who arrived in new delhi early on monday for a brief visit.
they discussed bilateral, regional and international issues of mutual interest.
they positively assessed the implementation of decisions taken during the visit of iranian president rouhani to india, including bilateral cooperation in the areas of connectivity, energy, trade and promotion of people-to-people contacts, the ministry of external affairs said.
bjp has opened 'lalit kala academy' to defend ex-ipl boss: congnew delhi, june 24, 2015, (pti) 16:27 isttaking a potshot at bjp over 'lalitgate', congress today said that the ruling party has opened a lalit kala academy to defend the black deeds of the controversial former ipl boss.
it seems bjp has opened a lalit kala academy to train its spokespersons in how to defend lalit modi, party spokesman tom vadakkan told reporters here.
noting that bjp spokesperson gvl narasimha rao had dubbed lalit modi as a victim, vadakkan said if the argument was taken to its logical conclusion, then it meant that modi needed protection.
however, he added that another bjp leader, member of parliament rk singh, has described modi as a fugitive.
finance minister arun jaitley has given a clean chit to dushyant singh, son of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, but had toned down his remarks after a public outcry, vadakkan further stated.
saying that union minister nitin gadkari has given a clean chit to raje, the congress spokesman claimed all this has exposed the utter confusion within bjp on the lalitgate issue.
which is the reason why it has opened the lalit kala academy, he said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi procure travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league became embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
kathmandu/new delhi, april 26, 2015 (ians) 16:06 istfresh tremors on sunday have delayed the evacuation of the indian under-14 girls football team from the earthquake-affected nepal capital.
an aircraft that was to bring the stranded team back to the country was scheduled to leave the tribhuvan international airport in kathmandu at 12.
30 p.
m, an all india football federation (aiff) official told ians.
but fresh tremors shortly after sunday noon delayed the flight, leaving the team, comprising 18 players and five officials, waiting at the airport.
they were scheduled to be evacuated by a military aircraft but due to the fresh quake, their evacuation was put off.
the evacuation plans are not yet clear.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj earlier on sunday tweeted that the government has prioritised the evacuation of the team.
we will evacuate india's u-14 girls football team on priority.
the team was in kathmandu to participate in the asian football confederation's (afc) regional championship for the south and central zone.
it was scheduled to face iran in a third-fourth place play-off match at 1 p.
m.
at the dashrath stadium on saturday.
but an hour before the scheduled kick-off, the earthquake shook the venue and adjoining areas, forcing the abandonment of the match and the final.
india lost to hosts nepal in the semi-finals on friday.
the team spent saturday night outside their hotel rooms and slept in the hotel compound as a precautionary measure.
india's defence ministry has said the kathmandu airport has been closed following the fresh aftershock that measured 6.
7 on the richter scale.
no planes are being allowed to land in the capital of the himalayan nation, putting on hold all air relief operations on hold till 4 p.
m.
hours, the ministry added.
saturday's quake have resulted in more than 2,000 deaths in nepal and around 50 in india, according to officials.
nsa meets sushmaswaraj , jaitleynew delhi, jan 15 , 2013 (ians) 11:26 istnational security advisor shivshankar menon tuesday met bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley to brief them on developments along the line of control (loc).
the meeting took place at sushmaswaraj swaraj's residence.
on monday evening, prime minister manmohan singh had called sushmaswaraj swaraj, the leader of opposition in the lok sabha, and jaitley, the leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, to discuss the situation along the loc.
border tensions have escalated sharply since jan 6 when a pakistani soldier was killed in alleged firing by indian forces along the loc in jammu and kashmir.
two days later, on jan 8, pakistani soldiers killed and mutilated the two indian soldiers - one of the soldiers was decapitated and his head taken - in mendhar sector in poonch district of jammu and kashmir.
sparks flew in the lok sabha today as the raging jnu row and suicide of dalit student rohith vemula was taken up for discussion, with opposition accusing the government of muzzling the voice of the youth and mercilessly crushing the principles of democracy.
to counter the opposition onslaught, bjp targeted congress vice president rahul gandhi for his support to those standing with hanged parliament attack convict afzal guru and said the house has to decide if it stands with those who attacked parliament or those who laid down their lives defending it.
the debate, on the first working day of budget session, saw accusations and counter-accusations, with both ruling and opposition sides underlining their credentials as nationalists.
initiating the debate, congress' chief whip jyotiraditya scindia alleged undue interference by union hrd minister smriti irani and labour minister bandaru dattatreya in vemula's case.
bandaru dattaterya in his letter had called rohith a castiest and an anti-national.
where in the world can you see a hrd minister writing five letters in any case, he said.
scindia also raised the issue of ftii, iit madras and jnu and said, the government was trying to muzzle the voice of the youth.
lambasting the government, scindia attacked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, tribal affairs minister jual oram and irani for emphasising that vemula was not a dalit.
criticising the role of hyderabad university administration, he said protests and fights are the part of academic institutions but in this case the vice-chancellor should have tackled this issue in a better way.
however, he instead suspended the dalit students and compelled them to stay in an open tent because of the the politics of the rss and bjp, scindia said.
what is the duty of the government?
it is to protect the democratic institutions and work for the betterment of the people.
but since last two years, with the atmosphere of intolerance, no one feels secured.
it is mercilessly crushing the democratic principles, the congress leader said.
the prime minister speaks of demographic dividend of the youth.
but what do we see in the country?
in madhya pradesh, we see vyapam in madhya pradesh, the problem of drugs in punjab, the way the voice of students in ftii was muzzled.
the government machinery is being misused and is trying to crush the voice of the dissident and those having the contrary view, he said.
he also questioned the silence of prime minister narendra modi, saying he tweets on every other thing, but it took five days for him to speak on this matter, only after a worldwide uproar.
there is no reference on in the mann ki baat.
new delhi, aug 31, 2015, pti: 21:58 istaccusing the bjp-led government of being in a perpetual mode of confrontation, congress today said that talk of a special session of parliament was not going to be viable unless there was a change in its mindset.
even as the centre has announced that the controversial land ordinance, a bone of contention with the opposition, would not be re-promulgated, congress said that prime minister narendra modi should apologise to the nation as he has wasted 10 months of development by enacting the ordinance.
the party also warned the prime minister against using agencies of the government to target the opposition and hoped that details of such alleged abuse would tumble out soon.
speaking to reporters here, senior party spokesman anand sharma said that the opposition would not be cowed down by such tactics.
cases by cbi against former congress chief ministers and ministers are not accidental, he said without elaborating.
cbi recently filed cases against former rajasthan chief minister ashok gehlot and state pcc chief sachin pilot in an ambulance scam in which karthi, son of former finance minister p chidambaram, too, is an accused.
on the land bill, sharma said, where was the pm's concern for farmers when his government enacted the ordinance to change upa land act not one, not two, but three times.
talking about the prospects of a special session of parliament, he squarely blamed the government for not engaging with the opposition in any constructive manner nor giving any meaningful proposals to end the deadlock.
even now, the government's attitude is one of confrontation.
.
.
it is in a perpetual mode of confrontation, he said, adding that unless there was a change of mindset, talk of a special session was not going to be viable.
congress has been demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy and that of the madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan over the vyapam scam in his state.
the government had on august 25 hinted at a plan to reconvene the monsoon session of parliament and began consultations with political parties seeking their cooperation in passing key reform measures in the national interest.
minister for parliamentary affairs m venkaiah naidu had met leader of congress in lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, and said the government was looking forward to passing the gst bill at the earliest and has an open mind on amendments to the key reform measure, which it plans to roll out from april next year.
the party, in the latest issue of its mouthpiece, 'congress sandesh', also attacked the government for having become heady.
having become heady (sic) due to the brute force of numbers in the lok sabha, it is not willing to look into the chinks in its armour and ask some important functionaries spread over the country to step down for having carried out acts of misdemeanour, it said in an editorial piece.
it said that the government merely says it is willing to debate so long as you agree that our leaders have done no wrong and raise your hands in our favour when asked.
targeting the bjp and the government, it charged that they have established that they have two sets of standards, one for themselves and the other for those opposed to them.
the gst bill, which is being touted as the greatest game changer, was not allowed to go through five years back due to bjp.
just imagine how much ground could have been covered for the people in this time, the editorial piece added.
now, rajnath denounces trump's remark on paris pactdh news service, new delhi, jun 7 2017, 1:28 istsingh expressed shock over trump's statement just a day after sushmaswaraj dismissed us president's charges that india had received billions of dollars in return for signing the paris agreement.
home minister rajnath singh on tuesday followed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to denounce us president donald trumps recent statement on withdrawing from the 2015 paris agreement on climate change.
the us presidents statement on paris agreement has come as a shock for us and the international community, singh said, after inaugurating a two-day conference on capacity building of state disaster response force.
i am sure the us will rethink its decision, said rajnath, even as new delhi launched preparations for prime minister narendra modi's visit to washington dc later this month for his maiden meeting with the new us president.
singh expressed shock over trumps statement just a day after sushmaswaraj dismissed us presidents charges that india had received billions of dollars in return for signing the paris agreement.
sushma rejected trumps allegations while addressing reporters at the ministry of external affairs in new delhi.
india had signed the paris agreement, not due to pressure from any country, nor (out of) greed.
india signed the agreement because of its traditional commitment to protecting the environment, she said on monday.
the home minister on tuesday followed it up and said that the us presidents recent statement about the paris agreement sent the message that the world community was not united in dealing with climate change.
rajnath added that it also made it clear that a country was only concerned about its own environment.
trump last week announced his governments decision to withdraw us from the paris agreement  a united nations accord signed by 195 countries at the cop21 climate conference in the capital of france in december 2015.
trump said india had made its participation in the paris agreement contingent on receiving billions and billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid from developed countries.
his remarks cast a shadow over preparation for modis visit to washington dc later this month.
with two senior ministers of the modi government already dismissing the allegations by trump, new delhi sent out a clear message to washington dc that it disapproved of the american presidents remarks.
cong trying to divert attention, govt has no role in herald case: naidunew delhi, dec 8, 2015 (pti) 16:33 isthitting out at congress for disrupting proceedings in parliament, union minister m venkaiah naidu today said the government had no role to play at all in the national herald case in which sonia gandhi and her son rahul have been summoned to appear by the court.
they should contest it in court.
how can you hold the government responsible.
it is totally unfair and irresponsible to fix it on the government as they could not face the truth.
yhey are now trying to blame the government, he told reporters outside parliament.
congress members, upset over the national herald case, today paralysed parliament protesting against alleged vendetta politics leading to repeated adjournments in lok sabha as well as rajya sabha.
parliamentary affairs minister naidu said it was totally unethical, unfair and undemocratic on the part of the congress party to obstruct parliament's functioning on account of the case which has been taken up by the judiciary, where the government has no role to play at all.
he said there is no political vendetta on the part of the government and it is steadfast focussing its attention on the issues of development, repairing the economy, bringing back administration and providing good governance.
commerce minister nirmala sitharaman said the case was completely in the domain of the courts.
by giving it the dimension that it is political vendetta, are they (congress) suggesting that the courts are now playing politics.
what a shame congress party, she said.
accusing the government of trying to malign his party, congress leader oscar fernandez, one of the persons summoned by the court in the herald case, said the case will be fought legally.
so many legal remedies are present before you.
we will be legally fighting the case, he said.
asked why congress felt that there was political vendetta, fernandez alleged that the government has not been able to fulfill any of the promises and the people were seeing failures.
they are scared of the public opinion going against them.
we have seen the mandate in bihar, jhabua by-election and the results in gujarat (local body polls).
fearing these things, they are trying to do everything possible to harm, to malign, to damage the congress party but it is recoiling on them, he said.
sitharaman said the matter related to money being allegedly collected for a political party which was used for commercial business which itself was violative of certain penal provisions.
if this has happened and if the courts find it fit that it has to be heard, it is completely in the domain of the courts.
a matured party cannot even by remote suggestion indicate that the courts are probably now playing politics.
it does not go well for our country.
i would rather think be you howsoever high, the law is above you, she said.
on congress leader and lawyer abhishek many singhvi's charge that the present case is a proxy litigation, used as a political vendetta by bjp to attack senior congress persons, sitharaman said he wants the public to believe that the courts were yielding to political pressure which is non-existant.
naidu said, the case, in my knowledge, was started before our government came.
so at that time also we had taken initiative or what.
.
.
naidu also referred to a delhi court dismissing a criminal complaint seeking lodging of an fir against union minister v k singh for his alleged dog remarks in the aftermath of burning alive of two haryana dalit children.
they have raised the issue of v k singh.
what happened to v k singh, how the court felt about it.
the court has totally quashed it, he said.
naidu said congress also raised the issue of intolerance and it has boomeranged on them.
they have been exposed on this count also.
with regard to the issue of nepal, he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave an excellent response yesterday.
we should not try to politicitise such larger issues concerning the national interest, that too issues of external relations.
we should speak in one voice, he said, appealing to congress not to disrupt parliament.
accusing the government of trying to malign his party, congress leader oscar fernandez, one of the persons summoned by the court in the herald case, said the case will be fought legally.
so many legal remedies are present before you.
we will be legally fighting the case, he said.
asked why congress felt that there was political vendetta, fernandez alleged that the government has not been able to fulfill any of the promises and the people were seeing failures.
they are scared of the public opinion going against them.
we have seen the mandate in bihar, jhabua by-election and the results in gujarat (local body polls).
fearing these things, they are trying to do everything possible to harm, to malign, to damage the congress party but it is recoiling on them, he said.
sitharaman said the matter related to money being allegedly collected for a political party which was used for commercial business which itself was violative of certain penal provisions.
if this has happened and if the courts find it fit that it has to be heard, it is completely in the domain of the courts.
a matured party cannot even by remote suggestion indicate that the courts are probably now playing politics.
it does not go well for our country.
i would rather think be you howsoever high, the law is above you, she said.
on congress leader and lawyer abhishek many singhvi's charge that the present case is a proxy litigation, used as a political vendetta by bjp to attack senior congress persons, sitharaman said he wants the public to believe that the courts were yielding to political pressure which is non-existant.
naidu said, the case, in my knowledge, was started before our government came.
so at that time also we had taken initiative or what.
.
.
first week of monsoon session washed outnew delhi, july 24, 2015, dhns: 1:08 istoppn targets govt over lalitgate, vyapam scamthe first week of the monsoon session of parliament was a complete wash out as the face-off between the government and the opposition over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam continued for the fourth day on friday, resulting in quick adjournment of the proceedings in both houses.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan adjourned proceedings for the day within four minutes as opposition members trooped to the well of the house.
it will now meet on monday.
the rajya sabha followed suit soon after.
but, the chair in the upper house opted for a shorter amendment till noon when it was action replay again.
the house was then adjourned till 2:30 pm and later for the day.
as the lok sabha assembled for the day in morning, mahajan announced that she had disallowed notices for adjournment motion moved by congress and left party leaders on former indian premier league chief lalit modi controversy, vyapam scam and other issues.
the matters though important enough do not warrant interruption of business of the day.
these issues can be raised through other means, she said.
as the speaker moved on to take up the question hour, the congress members including jyotraditya scindia, wearing black bands on their arms and holding placards, rushed to the well, demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
shouting slogans against the government, the congress members also accused prime minister narendra modi of maintaining silence over the scams.
along with the congress, telangana rashtra samithi (trs) members also trooped in to the well, demanding establishment of a separate high court in telangana.
some bjp members rose from their seats, raising objection to the congress members storming the well.
you dont want to participate in debate.
you dont want to raise issues.
you dont want parliament to function, a visibly upset speaker said and adjourned the house for the day.
the rajya sabha too witnessed unruly scenes as both congress and bjp members exchanged heated words on the lalitgate controversy, vyapam and recruitment scams.
congress member pramod tiwari sought to know if sushmaswaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje had resigned, prompting sharp attacks from the treasury benches who demanded that a discussion be immediately taken up on the issue.
the bug of espionagekuldip nayar, apr 19 2017, 23:43 istjadhav's trial, sentenceone bug which has bitten both india and pakistan, and now bangladesh, is espionage.
anyone who visits from the neighbouring country is considered a spy until proved otherwise.
it really depends on the external and home ministries whether a particular person would be let off freely.
in other words, the police force is an arbiter.
and it goes without saying that the sentence awarded to the person would be life-time imprisonment or death.
normally, the court decides.
however, the case in pakistan is different because it is virtually ruled by the military.
still, the civil courts have their role depending upon local military commanders.
they, in fact, have the last word.
even the death sentence is awarded by them.
the question of evidence arises but it again depends on local military commanders.
the dawn from karachi has reported how jadhav, an indian businessman, was sentenced to death.
indian raw agent/naval officer 41558z commander kulbhushan sudhir jadhav alias hussein mubarak patel was arrested on march 3, 2016 through a counter intelligence operation from mashkel, balochistan, for his involvement in espionage and sabotage activities against pakistan.
the spy has been tried through field general court martial (fgcm) under pakistan army act (paa) and awarded death sentence, the militarys public affairs wing, ispr, announced on monday.
sartaj aziz, advisor on foreign affairs to prime minister nawaz sharif has admitted that there was little evidence to convict but other things, he says, add up to prove jadhavs involvement.
in any case, sartaj azizs words are adequate.
since pakistan has submitted the relevant papers to the secretary general of un, it believes that the verdict, if he at all delivers, would be in favour of islamabad.
indeed, it is hell for a person who visits a neighbouring country.
he or she is pursued by the intelligence department wherever he goes.
even the shopkeeper is questioned as if he is party to the buyers selection of the place.
markets want buyers from a neighbouring country because they spend a lot of money.
but the questioning by the police deters them.
i recall that once a pakistani who picked me up from the airport was upset by the police car that followed.
he stopped the car and asked the driver why he was pursuing the car.
he said in reply that he was not to blame.
he was doing what his superior had asked him to do.
my friend, who was a leading editor, knew the military superiors.
the result was that the car pursuing us increased the distance but it did not give up doing so.
assume that jadhav was a spy of sorts, but what could he have spied?
technology has advanced so much that through a satellite you can read from air even the digits painted on car number plate.
therefore, jadhavs guilt would be considered pakistans revenge for some other deed.
the pakistan announcement did not say when the trial would commence and how long it would continue before the verdict was handed down.
in the case of jadhav, the announcement mentioned that the sentencing had been ratified by chief of the army staff gen qamar javed bajwa.
it has not been spelled out why and on what ground.
since pakistan has denied even counsellor facilities after as many as 14 requests were made, it is difficult to know the reason for the death sentence to jadhav.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has warned that if the sentence to jadhav was carried out, it would be an unfriendly act.
the recent surgical strike should be a warning.
new delhi can go to any extent.
both india and pakistan should sit across the table and decide the matters between them once and for all.
kashmir may be separated from other problems and discussed at a separate committee.
there is no reason that why the two cannot do business or set up joint ventures.
official tradein fact, goodwill would be generated if they could only ease the visa facilities for tourists to begin with.
unofficial trade which is going on at the borders can be allowed to increase.
official trade would bring in all kinds of problems because both countries have a long list of grievances against each other.
prime minister nawaz sharif said recently that there was no reason why india and pakistan could not live as friendly countries.
partition took place 70 years ago and whatever the wounds inflicted by both of them is a painful story.
one million people were killed in the forced migration, the biggest in the world.
some 30 million to 40 mn million people had to find new homes because they did not feel safe at their places after partition.
jadhav is not the last person to face death sentence by military tribunal which has set a new precedent  of trial of civilians by the military court.
apparently, political parties are not happy and they have tried to abolish military courts.
the matter came up before the pakistan national assembly only a few days ago.
there was a fierce opposition from democratic and liberal parties.
but unfortunately, the military had the last word, and tribunals have come to acquire a legal sanction.
since pakistan has a large say in the saarc, it may be prudent for other countries in the region to discuss some kind of common market and ways to establish even unofficial methods for trade and business.
at present, the business through dubai is large but expensive.
agreed that kashmir is a vexed issue but some ways should be found other than pelting the stones to sort out the problem.
too much emphasis on the islamic aspect is encouraging only the communal parties and postponing the solution.
jadhavs sentence has become another problem between the two countries.
the efforts should be how to lessen such instances of sentence-at-will.
they are not conducive to peace in the region.
new delhi, jun 16, 2015 (pti) 13:23 istkeeping up the attack on the government over 'modigate', congress general secretary digvijay singh today questioned prime minister narendra modi and finance minister arun jaitley's silence on the issue.
the senior congress leader also asked the ruling party to explain the reference to 'asteen ka saanp' in a tweet by bjp mp kirti azad which came as the row erupted over help offered by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to scam-tainted former ipl chief lalit modi.
singh claimed that the government was justifying the help to lalit modi as having been extended on humanitarian grounds, but opined that it was involved hard matters of governance on which ministers are accountable to the people.
i want to ask the prime minister, i want to ask finance minister, why are they keeping quiet?
we would like to know whether lalit modi is evading tax?
why is he not coming to india?
is there a blue or red corner notice against him?
is he an absconder?
is he a fugitive?
we want to know, singh said.
he said that he had great regard for swaraj, but added that when it comes to matters of state, it is the decisions that a minister takes for which he or she is accountable to the people.
therefore, we would like the prime minister and the finance minister to come clean on this.
we want to know the status of lalit modi in this country.
why is mr arun jaitley quiet?
who is this 'asteen ka saanp'?
he added.
azad, the former cricketer-turned-bjp mp, had yesterday made a reference to an 'asteen ka saanp' in a tweet while also claiming at the same time that there was a conspiracy by a party insider and a media personality to target swaraj.
meanwhile, union environment minister prakash javadekar today said that the matter had ended after the external affairs minister offered a clarification.
referring to pictures being dug up by congress showing lalit modi with bjp leaders, he said those were old photographs dating back to 2010 and that the opposition party's actions suggest that it has lost the plot.
that time lalit modi was ipl chairman.
there was no accusation against him, he was not charged.
narendra modi was gujarat chief minister and also the chairman of gujarat cricket association.
amit shah was vice chairman of the cricket association.
so, congress has lost the plot, javadekar said in chennai.
he added that there were pictures of congress leaders with lalit modi and asked what the opposition party had to say about that.
he claimed that there were pictures of congress president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi with practically all the accused in the coal scam, 2g scam or the commonwealth games scam.
congress is frustrated because the poor of the country have reposed there faith in the modi government, he said.
so, in desperation they (congress) are levelling such charges, which are baseless.
after sushma's clarification, there is no issue at all, javadekar added.
india seeks nepali citizen's postmortem findingsnew delhi, mar 11, 2017, dhns 0:44 istgopal baglay, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs.
image courtesy: twitterafter nepal accused indias border guards of killing one of its citizens, new delhi asked kathmandu to share the findings of the post-mortem of the deceased.
the sashashtra seema bal (ssb) initiated an inquiry after kathmandu conveyed to new delhi its serious concern over the killing of a nepali citizen due to firing by soldiers of the paramilitary force of india.
ssb soldiers guard stretches of indias open border with nepal.
following reports of the death of a nepali national yesterday (thursday) at the india-nepal border, reportedly in a firing incident, the ssb has initiated an enquiry on this matter, gopal baglay, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, said on friday.
deep kumar upadhyay, kathmandus envoy to new delhi, met sudhakar dalela joint secretary (north) at ministry of external affairs.
he demanded that the government of india order an inquiry and the guilty be brought to justice.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, also received a call from bimalendra nidhi deputy prime minister and home minister of nepal, who lodged a protest over the death of govinda gautam, a resident of kanchanpur district of nepal, reportedly due to firing by ssb soldiers.
swaraj arrives in nepal to attend donors' conferencekathmandu, june 24, 2015, (pti) 18:05 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today arrived here on a two-day visit to nepal to attend an international donors' conference where she is likely to announce a major financial package by india for reconstruction of the quake-hit nation.
swaraj was received by india's ambassador to nepal ranjit rae and other top officials of the embassy at the airport.
the international conference on nepal's reconstruction (icnr) has been organised by the nepalese government to raise funds for carrying out rebuilding of areas devastated by the massive earthquake of april 25 which claimed nearly 9,000 lives.
nepal's prime minister sushil koirala had this month called up prime minister narendra modi to invite him for the conference.
however, modi decided to nominate swaraj for icnr.
at least 35 countries are expected to attend the conference to be held in kathmandu tomorrow.
ahead of the meet, koirala said there has been a big gap between what nepal was able to do and what needs to be done.
he said nepal's resources alone are not enough to meet the unforeseen and pressing challenges and called upon international community to help the country.
nepal's foreign minister mahendra bahadur pandey said there was an urgent need to upscale investment in the infrastructure sector.
there are some immediate and long-term priorities from the perspective of reconstruction.
we need to ensure that the rubbles of the collapsed buildings are removed in an environmentally friendly way.
a report on post-disaster needs assessment will be presented at the conclave specifying the country's requirement for financial and technical support from donor countries and international aid agencies.
india had responded promptly after the quake struck nepal, despatching a large number of rescue teams, doctors and disaster relief experts.
the indian air force and army had also deployed helicopters and transport aircraft for rescue efforts and to reach relief.
the powerful earthquake killed nearly 9,000 people, injured 23,000 people and damaged more than 500,000 buildings leaving hundreds of thousands of people jobless.
kerala cm seeks centre's help to bring back nurses from libyathiruvananthapuram, oct 24, 2014, (pti): 13:18 istkerala government has asked the centre to take urgent steps to secure the release of 18 malayalee nurses stranded in libya and also five indian fishermen, including one from kerala, held captive in iran.
in a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, chief minister oommen chandy, while seeking help for the release of the stranded persons, also handed over the name and passport details of malayalee nurses stranded in benghazi and other places in libya.
in his letter yesterday, chandy also urged the centre to bring the nurses to malta by ship and from there to new delhi by flight.
it was while fishing in the deep-sea waters off the coast of qatar that the five indian fishermen were captured by iranian forces on september 22, he said.
the stranded in iran include one from thiruvananthapuram and four from tamil nadu.
they are currently held captive in a boat near the island of kish and awaiting court order,he said.
chandy also wanted that the indian embassy officials in iran be instructed to do the needful for meeting the fishermen and free them from captivity and penalisation.
swaraj, who had sought a meeting with the families which is the ninth since the abduction of these indians in june 2014, also assured them that the government was fully and continuously engaged and every possible effort was being made to ensure their release.
according to official sources, the minister told them that during a meeting with palestinian president mahmoud abbas, the leader informed her that the indians are alive and made to work in war-torn iraq as per his government's intelligence information.
swaraj had travelled to palestine and israel on january 17 and 18.
the minister also referred to her visit to bahrain on january 23 for the first india-arab league cooperation forum and said during the meeting, a declaration was adopted which said, the two sides expressed concern at the kidnapping of 39 indian workers in mosul in iraq in june 2014 and 3 indian workers in sirte in libya in june 2015.
the arab side expressed full solidarity with india in all efforts for their early release from captivity.
the indians were kidnapped by islamic militant group isis from a construction site in mosul.
modi likely to couple france, germany visitsnew delhi, feb 4, 2015, dhns: 2:16 istprime minister narendra modi may make france a part of his itinerary during his april visit to germany, as diplomatic parleys indicate.
the two countries are finalising the agenda for modi's paris visit before it is formally announced.
the french side, however, said they did not have any confirmation on the visit of the prime minister, though he had earlier assured the french authorities of his plan to travel to paris.
mea sources are not ruling out the possibility of a multi-country tour.
as a part of the ground preparation, french foreign minister laurent fabius would be meeting his counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday, french officials said.
he would also call on the prime minister and have discussions with railway minister suresh prabhu and environment minister prakash javadekar over the next three days.
the government had earlier stated that the prime minister would travel to germany in april as lead partner at the hannover fair.
ministry of external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin also confirmed a reciprocal visit by german chancellor angela merkel later this year, though dates were yet to be firmed up.
the german and french visits would be modis first significant bilateral engagement with two key european leaders.
the prime minister will be visiting sri lanka in march and china in may when he completes one year in office.
paris and new delhi are yet to move forward on two stalled mega projects  purchase of 126 rafale fighter jets from french company dassault aviation and procurement of six 1650 mw epr light water reactors from energy major areva for jaitapur in coastal maharashtra.
pm visit, yatra top sushma's agendabeijing, jan 31, 2015, pti: 1:41 istminister, xi to discuss bilateral issuesexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj arrived here on saturday on a four-day visit to china.
she is expected to meet chinese president xi jinping and hold talks with her chinese counterpart on wide-ranging bilateral and multilateral issues besides attending the russia-india-china (ric) trilateral talks during the visit.
this is the 62-year-old leaders first visit to beijing after she took over the office last year.
the two sides will also explore the possibility of a visit by prime minister narendra modi later this year.
swaraj is expected to finalise arrangements for opening the second route of the kailash-mansarovar yatra in tibet for indian pilgrims, which china had agreed to last year.
the route, through nathu la pass in sikkim, facilitates comfortable travel by buses through tibet, and is expected to be opened in the next few months.
swaraj is accompanied by new foreign secretary s jaishankar, besides other senior ministry officials.
this is jaishankars first foreign trip after being appointed to the post two days ago, replacing sujatha singh, whose tenure was abruptly curtailed.
he served as indias ambassador to china for nearly four years before being appointed as ambassador to the us in 2013.
during the trip, which comes within a week of us president barack obamas three-day visit to new delhi, swaraj will discuss bilateral, regional and global issues of concern to both sides with her chinese counterpart wang yi, the ministry of external affairs (mea) had said in new delhi on friday.
swaraj is also expected to meet xi, who along with wang, had visited india last year immediately after the modi government assumed power.
during her stay here, swaraj will also speak at the india-china media forum, interact with the indian community of beijing (icb) and inaugurate the visit india year, aimed at attracting more chinese tourists to india.
india's quad initiative with the us, japan and australia to contain china in the indo-pacific region is likely to remain low-profile for sometime now, as it seeks to mend ties with the communist country and add fresh momentum to its relations with russia.
new delhi may not opt out of the quad, but it is likely to avoid any high-visibility initiative with the us, japan and australia in the indo-pacific region.
india has of late once again rejected a proposal to invite the royal australian navy to join the malabar exercise, an annual war drill by the indian navy, us navy and japan maritime self defence force, ostensibly to avert projecting it as an attempt to flex military muscle to browbeat china.
the malabar 2018 is likely to be held off guam in the western pacific next month.
india is also unlikely to join the us, japan and australia for any major diplomatic initiative within the four-nation framework, let alone elevating it to the level of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterparts, sources told dh.
india, us, japan and australia had last year re-launched the quad initiative for consultation on the indo-pacific region  a move, which was aimed at countering china's moves to spread its geo-strategic influence in the region and beyond, particularly through its controversial belt-and-road initiative.
senior officials of the ministry of external affairs had represented india in the inaugural quad meeting at manila in november 2017 with their counterparts from the us, japan and australia.
prime minister narendra modi held an informal summit with chinese president xi jinping at wuhan in central china on april 27 and 28 in order to mend ties, which had hit a new low with the 72-day military face-off between the indian army and people's liberation army of china at doklam in western bhutan.
he is now set to hold another informal summit with russian president vladimir putin.
modi and putin will hold the informal summit at sochi on the coast of black sea on may 21  almost four months ahead of the regular annual summit they are expected to hold in india.
moscow, however, frowned upon the quad initiative by india, us, japan and australia and rather called for greater cooperation within the russia-india-china format.
new delhi's move to join the quad also drew flak from some of the southeast asian nations.
modi-putin informal summit is expected to add new momentum in new delhi's decades-old relations with moscow, which have of late come under stress for several reasons  india's growing ties with the us, including in the fields of defence and nuclear cooperation, russia's move to build closer ties with pakistan in response, india-us strategic convergence in indo-pacific and russia's closer ties with china.
while the prospects of russia-china-pakistan axis already caused unease in new delhi, india's ties with russia is likely to face a new challenge over the growing acrimony between moscow and the west.
modi's back-to-back informal summits with xi and putin indicated a move by new delhi to rebalance its engagements with the big powers.
fresh strategic dialogue with chinanew delhi, feb 17, 2017, dhns 1:21 istindia to discuss 'friction points' with neighbourindia and china will launch a strategic dialogue next week to add momentum to the complex bilateral relations, which were beset with new irritants over the past few months.
foreign secretary s jaishankar will meet chinas executive vice foreign minister zhang yesui in beijing on february 22 to launch the strategic dialogue.
the new mechanism for bilateral engagement at the level of top diplomats is being finally launched almost six months after it was agreed upon by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinas foreign minister wang yi in august last year.
jaishankar and zhang are likely to discuss friction points between india and china, apart from exploring ways to build on the convergence in views of the two nations on several issues.
they will try to take a holistic view of india-china relations and explore how both sides can accommodate each others concerns, vikas swarup, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, said in new delhi.
the strategic dialogue will be held just a week after china criticised india for hosting a delegation of parliamentarians from taiwan.
the state-owned media of china even accused india of being a provocateur and warned that new delhi was playing with fire by hosting the delegation from taiwan.
new delhi will use the dialogue to once again nudge beijing to shed its policy of shielding terrorists based in pakistan from united nations sanctions.
jaishankar will convey to zhang that india and china could not afford to have divergent views on the issue of combating the menace of terrorism, sources told deccan herald.
india has long been maintaining a non-committal stand on supporting the belt-and-road initiative of china, arguing that it had not been consulted before the mega-plan was conceived.
top diplomats of india and china are likely to discuss the issue in beijing.
however, jaishankar will make it clear that new delhi could never support the belt-and-road initiative, as one of its key component is china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec).
the cpec is proposed to pass through areas, which india claims as its own and accuses pakistan of illegally occupying it.
bangalore, march 29, 2013, dhns: 2:35 istbjp starts meeting to select nomineesin a major blow to karnataka janatha party (kjp) leader b s yeddyurappa, two of his close loyalists umesh katti and basavaraj bommaihave decided to continue in the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
they also attended a district-level consultation meeting of the party on saturday to shortlist candidates for the assembly elections.
katti and bommai were said to be vacillating.
however, the two leaders, apparently considering their long-term political interests, have decided to remain in the bjp and contest the elections.
some senior leaders close to yeddyurappa may also contest the lok sabha elections in 2014.
they feel that the bjp is a better choice than the kjp, which is a regional party.
bommai is considered to be a leader of bjp legislators in north karnataka and is regarded as a political strategist.
his decision to stay put in the party will definitely influence others, including murugesh nirani, raju gowda and pratap gowda patil.
in addition, bjp leaders who were eyeing for congress tickets are also disappointed because the party is reluctant to field outsiders.
bjp rajya sabha member prabhakar kore, who runs a chain of educational institutions in belgaum, is also continuing in the bjp despite an invitation from the congress.
the bjp strategy of playing the waiting game by delaying the announcement of candidates seems to be paying dividends.
industries minister murugesh nirani, another yeddyurappa loyalist, is also said to be having second thoughts on quitting the bjp.
nirani has been threatening that he will join the kjp if he is not given ticket for the jamkhandi assembly seat.
now, nirani represents the bilagi assembly constituency.
yeddyurappa has been eagerly waiting for the entry of murugesh nirani, raju gowda and pratap gowda patil into his party.
yeddyurappa had often said that he had floated the party trusting that all his supporters, including bommai, nirani and katti, will stand by him.
katti is known for his immense political clout in belgaum district that sends 18 legislators to the assembly.
the bjp had won 11 seats from this electorally powerful district.
nirani also has good following in bagalkot district, while bommai, with his shrewd political insights, would have been a good resource person for yeddyurappa ahead of the polls.
the meeting to shortlist candidates would continue on sunday.
mandya, mysore, chamarajnagar, belgaum, uttara kannada and haveri districts were covered on saturday.
during the partys recent core committee meeting, the bjp had failed to come to a consensus on finalising the list in several constituencies with multiple contenders.
it had also failed to finalise party tickets to sitting legislators who are facing corruption charges.
the election committee of the party will be meeting in the next three to four days, sources said.
briefing reporters after the meeting, higher education minister c t ravi said the party would release its first list of candidates during the first week of april.
ravi said a mammoth workers convention would be held in bangalore on april 8.
it would be attended by party national president rajnath singh, senior leaders l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
the year 2017 began with uncertainties in the global environment.
on trade policy, the year did not end on any clearer terms than it started with.
uncertainty remains over several ongoing negotiations with different sets of countries.
it is most visible at the world trade organisation (wto), in the regional comprehensive economic partnership (rcep) and in india's bilateral trade relations with europe and the us.
the inauguration of donald trump as us president in january 2017 set the tone -- things were to be different in relations with the us.
in the early days of his office, he pulled the us out of the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), then reopened nafta and questioned the wto.
the obama-era interest in a bilateral investment treaty with india also seems to have waned, but the recently appointed us ambassador to india, ken juster, has hinted at a free trade agreement in the future.
for india, trump's taking office ushered in uncertainty over the visa regime for its software professionals, too.
indians on work visas in the us also face uncertainty over whether or not their spouses can work.
with the trump administration, the element of unpredictability in the relationship will always remain.
in the asia pacific region, talks for the proposed rcep continued throughout last year.
india, too, hosted one of the rcep rounds in july in hyderabad.
amongst the sticking points for india is the need for all 16 rcep countries (asean+6) to reduce tariffs to zero for all products from the date rcep comes into force.
the concern is about foreign goods, particularly from china, flooding the indian market at the cost of local producers.
india wants free movement for its professionals to other rcep countries, but it is uncertain whether india's interests in the it-ites sector will be fully accommodated.
the asean wants to wrap up the text of the rcep in 2018.
this month, india will host the asean-india commemorative summit marking the 25th anniversary of india-asean relations.
commerce is high on the agenda.
though india must use the opportunity to make clear its position on rcep, new delhi is also to host a round of discussions in february on intellectual property provisions in rcep.
the european union, the world's largest trading block, is itself facing its biggest threat with brexit.
in that setting, india is talking to both the eu and the united kingdom for ftas with each of them separately.
a new uk-india joint working group on trade issues was formed in november.
also, after being deadlocked for a while, the talks for a proposed bilateral trade and investment agreement (btia) with the eu were revived last year.
the four efta member states - iceland, liechtenstein, norway and switzerland - have for almost a decade been attempting a trade and economic partnership agreement, or tepa, between india and efta.
talks for the tepa were held in liechtenstein in may-june 2017 and later in the year in india, but are still far from over.
the 11th ministerial conference (mc11) of the world trade organisation in buenos aires, argentina, in december ended inconclusively, with no ministerial declaration.
new issues were sought to be introduced into the negotiating agenda of the wto by developed countries and their allies.
in india's view, agreeing to these would have been extremely divisive.
india wants to balance trade liberalisation with the need to protect small farmers and give due attention to food security for the poor.
for that, special and differential treatment and special safeguard measures have been a legitimate demand.
the permanent solution for public stockholding for food security and domestic support was also among the key issues for india at the mc11.
packed schedule2017 was indeed a busy year for india's trade negotiators, given the number of official talks the government of india is engaged in.
these will continue to occupy the government calendar in 2018 as well.
although suresh prabhu took over as the new commerce minister in september, india's foreign trade strategy and policy is currently being steered by the prime minister's office and the external affairs ministry.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj started 2018 with official visits to thailand, indonesia and singapore.
trade talks give decision-makers a chance to say that they are attempting certitude in an uncertain world.
but there are strong assumptions about ftas, as free trade itself came to be questioned much more through last year.
in such a scenario the buy-in for ftas by the wider community in highly uncertain times is low.
prabhu has hinted at a standard operating procedure that will be followed while entering into any new fta.
to start the year well, the government needs to do a full ex-ante assessment of the ftas it is currently negotiating.
moreover, gains ought not to be simply measured in terms of the volumes of imports and exports.
as prabhu himself told the world: india is home to more than 600 million poor people.
so, most importantly, we need to see how and if trade relations actually improve people's lives and livelihoods.
new delhi, mar 31, 2017 (pti) 23:51 istan indian student, who was allegedly brutally assaulted in poland and was claimed to have died, has survived the attack, according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj tonight spoke to the indian ambassador to poland ajay bisaria regarding the assault on an indian student in poznan city whose name was not disclosed.
swaraj sought a report from the envoy after she was approached by a netizen who informed her about a news item in polish media regarding the death of an indian student after being severely beaten up.
there was an incident of beating.
fortunately, he has survived.
we are inquiring into all aspects of the incident, she tweeted.
bisaria had earlier tweeted, prelim enquiry suggests student attacked in poznan tram on wed.
thank god, he survived.
getting details.
lalitgate is fallout of sushma-jaitley tussle: digvijay singhbhopal, aug 18, 2015, (pti) 22:42 istcongress general secretary digvijay singh today said the lalitgate scandal was the fallout of a tussle between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union finance minister arun jaitley.
the lalitgate scandal is a fallout of a tussle between sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, singh told reporters here.
he said even a blue corner interpol notice has been turned into a red corner one against lalit modi, the former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner, due to jaitley's intervention.
the lalitgate scandal has its genesis in the fight between the two camps in the bcci.
one group hacked the other group's emails and vice-versa, resulting in the scandal getting exposed.
the whole issue started with a bcci committee headed by jaitley which recommended strong action against lalit modi in the ipl scandal, he said.
jaitley has never defended lalit modi, singh said, to prove that it was a tussle between sushmaswaraj and jaitley.
singh also alleged lalit modi is vocal on the ipl issue at the behest of bade modi (prime minister narendra modi) while answering a query about whether there was any connection between lalit modi and narendra modi, since narendra modi was president of gujarat cricket association when he was gujarat chief minister.
referring to jaitley's remark that obstruction and disruption in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha is anti- development and anti-growth, the congress general secretary said when the previous upa government was in power, jaitley used to say that disruption is a legitimate parliamentary practice.
referring to vyapam scam probe, singh said according to a laboratory report, the microsoft excel sheet file recovered from the computer of one of the prime accused who is currently in jail, had been tampered with.
he said that he has written to the cbi director to do a fair investigation into it.
singh also demanded that students and parents who were jailed should be made approvers as it was done in the case of former haryana chief minister om prakash choutala in the contractual teacher recruitment scam.
speaking about the bjp's victory in the recent local body elections, singh said that the bjp is celebrating its win as if it recieved a clean chit in the vyapam scam.
in local body elections, it is seen that generally the ruling party wins.
even the congress won when such polls when it was in power, he said, adding that the bjp won the polls by hook or crook.
chennai, jun 16, 2015 (pti) 13:07 isthitting back at congress over the lalit modi travel documents row, bjp today said the opposition party was frustrated and had shown its complete bankruptcy by using a non-issue to target external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
referring to congress releasing photos showing lalit modi with swaraj besides prime minister narendra modi and bjp chief amit shah, union environment minister prakash javadekar said the picture was five years old when modi was the chief minister of gujarat and also the head of the state cricket association with shah being his deputy in the board.
terming as baseless the charges against swaraj, he said that congress president sonia gandhi and her son and vice-president rahul gandhi have been clicked practically with all coal scam accused, 2g (spectrum allocation) scam accused and aircel-maxis scam accused, besides those accused of cwg scam.
they (congress) are bereft of ideas.
they want to make a non-issue an issue which will never become an issue.
.
.
it shows the complete bankruptcy of congress, javadekar told reporters here at the airport.
congress has lost the plot and is frustrated because people of the ocuntry have reposed their faith in modi government and congress cannot digest this, he said.
seeking to turn the tables on congress, javadekar said that even its leaders had been spotted with lalit modi.
we have won the faith of poor people.
congress cannot digest this.
so they are levelling these charges.
they are baseless charges.
after sushmaswaraj ji's clarification there is no issue at all, he said.
swaraj is in the centre of a controversy for helping lalit modi, who is facing charges of misappropriation of funds in ipl and currently staying in london, get documents to travel to portugal for his wife's medical treatment.
she had reasoned that she had helped him on humanitarian grounds.
at the invitation of the foreign minister of japan taro kono, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj paid an official visit to japan from march 28-30.
effectively, though, she was in tokyo for only a day as she arrived on the evening of march 28 and departed on the morning of march 30, leaving march 29 as the only day for engagement.
this was her first visit to japan as external affairs minister.
broadly, her visit could be divided into parts.
the first part was her engagement with the indian community at an event organised by the indian embassy, to which i was invited and attended.
addressing a gathering of the indian diaspora at the vivekananda cultural centre, swaraj lauded the contribution of the diaspora to strengthening the bond with japan and creating a positive image about india in japan.
in the second part, she co-chaired the ninth india-japan strategic dialogue with kono.
the india-japan strategic dialogue is a bilateral summit being held between the foreign ministers of india and japan, alternately in either country, since 2007.
the two leaders reviewed many aspects of bilateral relations and exchanged views on regional and international issues of common interest.
india and japan concluded a special strategic and global partnership during the landmark visit of prime minister narendra modi to japan in 2014.
bilateral relations have been significantly strengthened in diverse sectors over the last few years.
the visit of prime minister shinzo abe to india in september 2017 provided further impetus to the ties.
backed by civilisational links, the two countries have unearthed potential synergies in a host of areas that have unfolded enormous mutual benefits.
as a result, bilateral relations have been strengthened in sectors such as nuclear energy, defence and science and technology, besides making clear the convergence of interests on regional and global issues.
the big-ticket project that has already been inked between the two countries is the mumbai-ahmedabad high speed rail project based on the shinkansen high-speed trains in japan.
the groundbreaking ceremony of the bullet train project, to be built with japanese aid, was held during abe's visit to india in september 2017 for the annual bilateral summit.
japan is today one of the largest investors in india, with a growing presence in infrastructure projects, manufacturing, financial markets and capacity-building, among others.
the nuclear issue is a sensitive one in japan since the dropping of atomic bombs by the united states on hiroshima and nagasaki during world war ii and the more recent civil nuclear disaster in fukushima.
despite the strong anti-nuclear sentiment in japan, new delhi and tokyo successfully negotiated the conclusion of a civil nuclear deal in 2016, paving the way for nuclear commerce between the two countries.
this allows japan to export nuclear power plant technology to india, besides helping in nuclear waste management.
japanese foreign direct investment in india, too, has seen steady growth.
japanese fdi during 2016-17 totalled $4.
7 billion, an increase of 80  over the previous year.
however, bilateral trade totalled $13.
61 billion in 2016-17, a decrease of 6.
21  from the previous year's figure of $14.
51 billion.
while india's exports to japan for 2016-17 were $3.
8 billion, india's imports from japan for the same year accounted for $9.
76 billion.
while in the economic domain, progress has been incremental, it is in the security and strategic areas that the synergy is found more compelling.
given the talk of the revival of the quadrilateral dialogue between japan, the us, australia and india to counter china's increasing muscle-flexing in the south china sea, and to ensure navigation rights in the indo-pacific region, the visit of minister swaraj assumed special significance.
now, japan is also a partner in the malabar naval exercise, which india has been conducting with the us since 2002.
it may be noted that swaraj is set to visit china in late april to participate in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), ahead of its summit, which is expected to be attended by prime minister narendra modi in qingdao in june.
exchanging yen-denominated loan agreements for $1.
4 billion, kono underlined india as japan's most important partner in its free and open indo-pacific strategy.
in a remark that appeared to target china's actions in the south china sea, kono remarked our free and open indo-pacific strategy and india's act east policy should be further merged.
complementing kono's remarks, swaraj stressed that the growing convergence on economic and strategic issues between the two countries is important for peace, stability and prosperity in the indo-pacific region.
besides bilateral trade, japanese loans for important projects such as the mumbai metro line from cuffe parade, a seawater desalinisation plant and an intelligent transport system to reduce traffic congestion in chennai, tree planting schemes in himachal pradesh as well as for the north east connectivity project were major highlights of the discussion.
the respective envoys signed and exchanged notes concerning the provisions for four yen-loan projects.
swaraj's japan visit set the agenda for modi's annual summit with abe later this year.
rajkumari kaul passes awaynew delhi, dhns: may 3, 2014 2:11 istrajkumari kaul, who was part of former prime minister a b vajpayees adopted family, passed away on saturday due to cardiac failure.
the 88-year-old kaul was rushed to all india institute of medical sciences on friday after she complained of chest pain.
she was cremated at lodhi crematorium.
top bjp leaders l k advani, rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley were present.
party chief rajnath singh also visited vajpayee's residence to offer his condolences.
new delhi, nov 4, 2015 (pti) 16:01 istwith finance minister arun jaitley saying he was ready to discuss the gst bill with it, congress today struck a discordant note, insisting that parliamentary democracy cannot be reduced to just one bill and asked prime minister narendra modi to first shed his confrontationist mindset.
party's senior spokesman anand sharma signalled that the winter session of parliament, likely to begin by this month-end, could be a smooth affair only if the prime minister makes real effort to seek constructive engagement with the opposition.
parliamentary democracy cannot be reduced to just one bill.
the prime minister and his government has both arrogance and confrontationist mindset, he alleged after being asked about jaitley's statement.
they should make a real effort to shed this confrontationst mindset by seeking constructive engagement with the opposition, sharma, who is the deputy leader of the party in the rajya sabha, said.
the refrain of sharma was that a conducive atmosphere cannot be created by the government by constant attacks on the opposition.
by berating, ridiculing and intimidating them (the opposition) on a daily basis cannot help in creating that atmosphere.
it is their call, sharma said, adding that success and failure of a parliament session is the responsibility of the prime minister and his government.
sharma was asked about jaitley's remarks that he he would discuss the gst bill issue with the congress again to ensure its passage in the rajya sabha.
i am willing to discuss with the congress party.
.
.
i have so far discussed with their leaders and i can't find, at least, conceptual opposition to it.
i will once again speak to them and try to make them see reason, he said.
jaitley has said that introduction of the goods and services tax (gst), which will replace more than a dozen state levies, is only a question of time as obstruction to the reform measure will not stand parliamentary vote.
gst is to be implemented from april 1, 2016.
but a constitution amendment bill could not go through the rajya sabha in the last session of parliament due to opposition from the congress.
the april 1 deadline may be missed if parliament does not pass the bill in the upcoming winter session.
monsoon session of parliament was a virtual washout in the wake of the congress demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy.
the opposition also demanded that madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan step down in the wake of the vyapam scam.
who's who of modi government, bjp attend ceremonypanchkula (haryana), oct 26, 2014 (ians): 14:31 istswearing in ceremonies for chief ministers are normally official occasions going with a lot of protocol.
but the swearing-in of haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar was a departure from this routine.
first, the event, instead of being held at the haryana raj bhawan as is the routine, was held at the mela ground in panchkula town's sector 5 - so that the public could attend it.
prime minister narendra modi departed from protocol to attend the ceremony.
he remained seated on a special dais erected next to the main dais where khattar and his nine-member cabinet were sworn in by governor kaptan singh solanki.
modi was not alone.
his cabinet colleagues - rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj, m. venkaiah naidu, menaka gandhi, harsh vardhan and v.k. singh - were also present.
bjp leaders l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi, who are not seen much in the current dispensation of the bjp, were also present.
bharatiya janata party president amit shah, general secretary j.p. nadda, chief ministers of bjp-ruled states - shivraj chouhan (madhya pradesh), anandiben patel (gujarat), raman singh (chhattisgarh) and vasundhara raje (rajasthan) - and punjab chief minister parkash singh badal also attended the event.
bjp leader, cricketer-turned-politician navjot singh sidhu was on the same stage as badal but the two -- who don't see eye to eye in politics -- kept a distance from one another.
vanity van for pmprime minister narendra modi may like to keep things simple but authorities in haryana did not want to take any chances during his visit here to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the new chief minister.
two vanity vans, normally used by film stars, were kept ready near the stage.
while one was earmarked for the prime minister, the other one was for other vips.
manohar lal khattar offered prayers at the well known hindu temple, mata mansa devi shrine, at panchkula, before arriving at the venue.
the time given for the oath ceremony was kept at 11.
23 a.
m.
bjp insiders said the time was chosen according to astrological predictions.
it was a huge task to ensure that all the vvips arrived in chandigarh, reached the venue and were seated before that time to ensure that the oath took place dot on time, a senior haryana officer said.
protocol issuesthough the swearing-in has its own protocol, haryana raj bhawan and government officials had to deal with extra-ordinary protocol issues as well.
at such ceremonies, the governor enjoys the top most protocol and arrives the last.
however, in this case, the prime minister and the home minister, both higher in protocol to the governor, were present.
but both could not be seated on the same dais.
the authorities worked out the arrangement by putting up another dais on which modi, rajnath singh, other union ministers, chief ministers of other states and other vvips were seated.
as per protocol, haryana governor kaptan singh solanki came last and was the first one to leave after the ceremony.
old tiesfor prime minister narendra modi, coming to panchkula for the swearing-in ceremony would have brought back old memories.
modi, as in-charge of haryana in late 1990s, used to live in a house in sector 7 in panchkula, just a few hundred metres from the ceremony venue.
for modi, panchkula and haryana have an old association.
at times, during his rallies across haryana recently, modi made a mention of his haryana connection.
special arrangementswith so many union ministers and top bjp leaders arriving by special flights, arrangements were made to transport them quickly from the chandigarh airport to the venue.
cars and luxury buses were arranged for them.
these were escorted by siren-blaring police vehicles.
several routes in chandigarh and panchkula were under tight police security with so many vvips moving around.
people, especially motorists, had to face inconvenience due to the vvip movement.
congress missingindian national lok dal (inld) leader abhay singh chautala was the only opposition leader present at the ceremony.
the congress leadership, including former chief minister bhupinder singh hooda, gave the ceremony a miss.
the inld is the second largest party in the assembly.
india for strengthening ties with iran: pmnew delhi, dec 28, 2015, (pti) 19:56 istprime minister narendra modi today said india attaches high importance to its relations with iran and expressed keenness to further strengthen ties with it, including in the areas of trade, investment, oil and gas, connectivity and port development.
he conveyed the views to iran's minister of economic affairs and finance ali tayyebnia who called on him here.
tayyebnia is visiting india for the bilateral joint commission meeting co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
during the meeting, the prime minister conveyed to the visiting minister that india attaches high importance to its relations with iran, a pmo statement said.
he recalled his fruitful meeting with president rouhani in ufa, on the sidelines of the brics summit, in july.
the prime minister expressed readiness on the part of india to further strengthen bilateral relations, including in the areas of trade, investment, oil and gas, connectivity, port development, the statement said.
india is already engaged in construction of chahbahar port in iran.
new delhi, moscow agree to resolve issues quicklynew delhi,nov 5 2014, dhns 2:04 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin on wednesday agreed to resolve outstanding issues in bilateral economic ties.
moscow is keen to take advantage of prime minister narendra modis make in india campaign to offset impact of the sanctions imposed on russia by us and european union on the issue of ukraine.
new delhi and moscow also agreed that russian company mgk lighting technologies would set up a plant in karnataka to manufacture lighting equipment for general and special purposes.
another russian company afk sistema would set up a smart city in india, they agreed.
with russian president vladimir putin likely to visit new delhi next month to hold the annual summit with prime minister narendra modi, swaraj and rogozin chaired a meeting of the inter-governmental commission on trade, economic, scientific, technological and cultural cooperation (irigc-tec), which took note of important outstanding issues requiring immediate attention and recommended early resolution of such issues amicably in tune with the spirit of traditional friendship and mutual trust between the two countries.
the outstanding issues include the issue of cancellation of the 2g telecom licences awarded to sistema shyam teleservices limited or sstl, a joint venture of russias sistema jsfc and shyam group of india.
they agreed to set up a joint study group for the proposed agreement between india and the customs union of belarus, kazakhstan and the russian federation for trade in goods and services.
the commission reviewed the progress on a broad spectrum of bilateral issues including trade, economic, scientific, technological and cultural cooperation and suggested actions for realising the full potential of the important relationship, according to a press release issued by the ministry of external affairs after the meeting between swaraj and rogozin.
they agreed to enhance bilateral trade through the international north south corridor project by freight forwarders and exporters particularly to bolster trade in agriculture and food processing industry.
last updated: 30 july, 2011bangalore, july 30, dhns: 0:04 isthe is in the race for cm postthe yeddyurappa-led faction on saturday made all-out efforts to scuttle the chances of bjp central leadership anointing ananth kumar as the chief minister.
several legislators loyal to yeddyurappa are learnt to have opposed ananth kumar in their one-to-one meeting with arun jaitley and rajnath singh.
according to chief ministers loyalists, kumar is also a tainted leader as he faces charges of irregularities in the housing and urban development corporation during his stint as the union urban development minister.
they also highlighted that kumar had business relationship with corporate lobbyist nira radia.
kumar, it is alleged, helped radia in securing clearances for starting an airline company during the nda regime.
about 40 legislators camping at the race course residence of the chief minister came to a private hotel for their meeting with the central leaders.
yeddyurappa and ananth kumar are arch-rivals in the state bjp for a long time.
the two had been at loggerheads on almost all issues related to the party and the administration.
however, they have never attacked each other in public.
having made up his mind to relinquish the post, yeddyurappa is learnt to be determined to prevent kumar becoming his successor.
he fears that kumar would create more problems for him in the coming days if he is allowed to be the chief minister.
however, replying to query by reporters, kumar said: party national leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has termed the allegations baseless.
so i have nothing more to comment.
parliament session likely from nov 26new delhi, nov 3, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istthe winter session of parliament is expected to be held from november 26 to december 23 against the backdrop of the bitter campaigning for the ongoing bihar assembly elections.
though the narendra modi government would like to push forward economic reform initiatives such as the goods and services tax bill and the real estate regulator bill, the opposition is raring to take on the centre on rising incidents of intolerance.
the prime minister is in a confrontationist mode and does not believe in dialogue with the opposition.
this is a great disservice to parliamentary democracy, said anand sharma, deputy leader of the congress in the rajya sabha.
the congress had stalled the entire monsoon session over demands for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping disgraced former ipl boss lalit modi.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu anticipated trouble but hoped the opposition will allow parliament to function.
last time they stalled the session.
this time, they may take this (intolerance) as an alibi, said naidu.
sonia's rae bareli cleaner than varanasinew delhi: august 9, 2015, dhns 0:24 istprime minister narendra modi might have launched the swachh bharat abhiyan with much fanfare, but his constituency varanasi found itself at the bottom when it came to its implementation.
congress chief sonia gandhi's rae bareli was way ahead of varanasi in this regard, though much improvement is still needed.
the holy city of varanasi ranked a lowly 418 among 476 towns surveyed by the union urban development ministry to study the cleanliness campaign's success.
the towns were surveyed on sanitation practices covering a set of parameters, including the extent of open defecation and solid waste management.
the study gave varanasi just 3.
38 marks out of 20 for open defecation, indicating high prevalence.
on solid waste management too, the it bagged only 6.
11 marks out of 22.
altogether, varanasi got 9.
49 out of 42.
however, rae bareli, which was ranked 240, was much ahead on these parameters.
it got 4.
38 on open defecation and 10.
93 for sewage management.
rae bareli's total was 15.
30.
even the performance of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs vidisha constituency, which ranked 312, was better compared to varanasi, with a cumulative score of 13.
23.
the scores of these vip constituencies showed open defecation remains an issue.
modi had announced the campaign on october 2  mahatma gandhi's birthday  last year with an aim to eliminate open defecation and eradicate manual scavenging, besides building 6.
12 crore toilets and achieving scientific solid waste management in 4,041 cities and towns for 30.
6 crore people.
launching the programme, he had invited cricketer sachin tendulkar, congress mp shashi tharoor and industrialist anil ambani, among others, on social media to join the campaign to popularise it.
one indian nurse, not 4 killed in yemen attack: meanew delhi, mar 4, 2016 (pti) 8:10 istthe external affairs ministry late tonight said only one indian nurse was killed and not four in a terrorist attack in strife-torn yemen's aden city.
earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that four indian nurses were killed in the attack today as she asked all indians living in danger zones to return home.
she also said the nurses stayed back in yemen, ignoring advisories by the government.
of the four nurses killed in yemen, only one is indian named cecilia minz, external affairs ministry ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
sixteen people were killed in aden when a group of terrorists stormed an elderly care home run by a kolkata-based missionaries of charity and sprayed bullets at the residents.
search for is hostages to continuenew delhi, nov 28, 2014, dhns: 1:02 istwith its six sources in the middle-east denying the reports about killing of 39 indians held hostage by the islamic state (is) militants in iraq, the centre on friday said it believes that the hostages are still alive and would not call off search operations on the basis of a comment by just one person.
following the emergence of a report in a news channel based on interviews of two survivors from bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made identical statements in lok sabha and rajya sabha after concerns were expressed by mps over the fate of the hostages.
there is no evidence (about harjeets claim).
the question is should i stop the search for these people on the basis of one persons claim or should i continue with the exercise on the basis of six sources which have given in writing that they are not killed.
i feel we should continue the search, she said.
even if harjeet is 99 per cent correct, there is one per cent chance.
i will keep my faith in that one per cent and continue the searches for the hostages, she said.
noting that the government was working in adverse condition, she said two more officers who can speak arabic have been deployed for securing their release besides a senior ifs officer who is already on the job for the last five months.
however, she added, i do not have any evidence about whether they are alive or dead.
she said the government has no direct contact with the hostages.
it was not the first time that reports appeared in media that the hostages were killed, she claimed.
modi to visit bhutan todaynew delhi,june 14, 2014, pti: 1:02 istdisplaying the special and unique status of bhutan in india's foreign policy, prime minister narendra modi will on sunday embark on a two-day visit to the himalayan country, his first trip abroad since he took over three weeks ago.
modi will be accompanied by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, national security adviser ajit doval and foreign secretary sujatha singh.
he will meet bhutan's king jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck and prime minister tshering tobgay during his visit, which will see the two sides exploring ways to boost their ties, particularly in trade and hydro-electricity.
modi will also address the joint session of the national assembly and national council of bhutan and meet the leader of the opposition.
the fact that the prime minister chose bhutan as his first foreign destination assumes significance since china has lately intensified efforts to win it over.
ls winter session from nov 21new delhi, oct 21, 2012, dhns: 1:40 istthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) agreed on sunday to the centres proposal to hold month-long winter session of parliament from november 21 to december 21.
she said the government had suggested a couple of dates for holding the session and the main opposition party had agreed to the above mentioned dates after a discussion among senior bjp and nda leaders.
shah talks parl strategy with bjp ministers as raj, mp cm come callingnew delhi, july 19, 2015, (pti) 14:14 istahead of the monsoon session, bjp chief amit shah today discussed with senior union ministers the strategy to counter the opposition in parliament and is also meeting party chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, both of whom are facing controversy.
rajasthan chief minister raje, whose alleged involvement in the lalit modi row has seen her being targeted by congress, and her madhya pradesh counterpart, who is under attack over the vyapam scam, will be presenting their side of the story to the party so that the government can effectively deal with the opposition, sources said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and information and technology minister ravi shankar prasad were among those who met shah.
chouhan is also likely to meet prime minister narendra modi later in the day.
congress has sought resignations of both chouhan and raje.
it has also demanded that swaraj quit for helping former ipl boss lalit modi.
the monsoon session of parliament, which begins tuesday, is set to be a stormy one as congress and several other opposition parties appeared to be closing ranks to corner the government on a range of issues, including the vyapam scam and lalit modi controversy.
apart from pressing for the removal of union ministers swaraj and smriti irani, opposition parties have indicated that they would raise the issue of scams and controversies allegedly involving bjp chief ministers -- chouhan, raje and raman singh of chhattisgarh and demand their resignations.
50 kerala nurses awaiting nod to return from saudi arabiathiruvananthapuram, sep 21, 2015, (ians) 14:58 istaround 50 nurses from kerala are awaiting a nod from authorities in saudi arabia and the indian embassy to return to india, as they also want issues related to their work experience and certificates to be taken care of.
these nurses were evacuated on sunday night from the troubled region of samtah in saudi arabia, very close to the yemen border, to jizan that is about an hour's drive from samtah.
t.
thanu, a nurse from kerala who has been working abroad for the past four years, told ians on phone on monday from jizan that they all were waiting for the permission to return.
we have been living in fear for the last three days at the 150-bed samtah general hospital attached to saudi arabia's health ministry due to mortar firing and shelling around us.
about 50 nurses have decided to return to india.
sunday was our last day at work, said thanu.
we want the indian embassy to ensure that we get our experience certificates while a few new nursing recruits get their certificates back from the agency that recruited them, said thanu, who hails from thrissur in kerala.
these nurses were ready to continue working in saudi arabia, provided they were posted in trouble-free area, away from the saudi-yemen border.
if it is not possible, we want to return to india at the earliest, she added.
meanwhile, chief minister oommen chandy has assured these nurses that he had taken up the issue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
an official from the prime minister's office called them up and assured of safe return.
sriramulu surrenders before court in poll code violation casebellary (ktk), mar 24, 2014, (pti): 14:33 istformer karnataka minister b sriramulu, who joined the bjp recently to contest bellary lok sabha seat, today surrendered before a court here which had issued a non-bailable warrant against him in a case relating to poll code violation during assembly polls last year.
sriramulu appeared before the judicial magistrate first class and tendered an apology for failing to present himself before it earlier despite notices issued to him.
a case for violating the model code of conduct was filed against him during the may assembly polls for conducting the campaign beyond the deadline, following which the court had issued notices to sriramulu.
after sriramulu's appearance today, the magistrate zarina granted bail to him.
sriramulu, a one-time close associate of mining baron janardhana reddy, had first announced merger of bsr congress with bjp but after party leader sushmaswaraj swaraj publicly opposed it, he joined the saffron party alone.
18 k'taka bjp mps seek yeddyurappa's rehabilitationlast updated: 16 december, 2011new delhi, dec 15, dhns: 1:34 istalthough the bjp central leadership has firmly told former chief minister b s yeddyurappa to wait for a clean chit from the court to stake claim to the chief ministers post, the lingayat leader is desperately trying to mobilise his loyalist mps to impress upon the party top brass.
yeddyurappa, who had been camping in the national capital for the past three days to reclaim the chief ministers chair, left for bangalore on thursday after the party central leadership sternly told him that his demand would not be met, at least for now.
during his meeting with senior party leaders including leader of opposition in lok sabha and rajya sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, yeddyurappa threatened to topple the sadananda gowda led government in karnataka.
the party high command, however, refused to budge from their stand.
yeddyurappa tried to meet party supremo l k advani to plead his case.
advani, however, refused to meet him.
instead, the top bjp leader asked him to sort out the issue with the party president nitin gadkari.
advani also did not meet yeddyurappas loyalist mps saying i will not discuss karnataka issues.
however, these mps submitted a memorandum to advani, said to be instrumental in removing yeddyurappa from the chief ministers chair in the face of corruption charges, in the corridor of parliament house.
the memorandum says yeddyurappa should be made the chief minister to save the party and the government in the state.
later, 12 party mps submitted the same memorandum to gadkari, signed by 17 mps.
however, sources in the bjp said that gadkari also told mps that first yeddyurappa should get clean chit at least from the courts before considering him for the chief ministers post.
till then he has to wait patiently.
among those who signed the letter are yeddyurappas son and mp b y raghavendra, bellary mp and reddy brothers associate j shantha, s pakkirappa, shivakumar udasi, ramesh katti, gaddi gowdar, p c mohan, d b chandre gowda, suresh angadi, g s basavaraj, janardhan swamy, shivarame gowda, g m siddeshwara and nalin kumar kateel, rajya sabha members prabhakar kore, k b shanappa, and aayanur manjunath.
new delhi, jul 22, 2015 (pti) 15:41 istrajya sabha was paralysed for the second straight day today as opposition forced four adjournments by creating uproar over the lalit modi and vyapam scam of madhya pradesh.
the government, while ruling out any resignation, challenged to opposition for a debate.
leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley accused the opposition of doing politics of slogan-shouting as he pressed for starting the debate on the issue.
his comment came after sharad yadav (jd-u) said that the ministers whose names have cropped up in the controversies should resign.
yadav contended that if the accused ministers resign, they will emerge stronger after the probe clears their names.
to emphasise his point, he cited the resignation by him and bjp leader l k advani after their names cropped up in the jain hawala case in 1990s, till their names were cleared.
the upper house saw repeated adjournments in the pre-lunch session, with two each in the zero hour and the question hour, as opposition led by congress continued the uproar demanding resignations of ministers and chief ministers.
there has been enough of politics of slogan-shouting.
you start with the debate.
the house will now allow slogan-shouting.
if you have any logic, then you speak, jaitley said as yadav rose to speak.
an agitated minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said, there will be no resignations.
this agitated the opposition members, who created uproar.
as soon as obituary references were made, several opposition parties, including the congress, bsp and the left, insisted that no debate was possible without the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje following their alleged involvement in the controversy over former ipl commissioner lalit modi.
they also raised the issue of vyapam scam in madhya pradesh.
however, the ruling bjp members wanted a discussion on the lalit modi issue to be initiated immediately saying they did not want the opposition members to speak on the adjournment motion they had moved on these issues.
amidst slogan shouting by the opposition members and heated exchanges between them and those from treasury benches including ministers, deputy chairman p j kurien first adjourned the house for 15 minutes and then again till noon.
at noon when the question hour was taken up by chairman hamid ansari, the opposition members continued the uproar forcing the third adjournment of the house.
earlier, finance minister and leader of the house arun jaitley defended swaraj asking the opposition to point out one provision of the law which she has violated in allegedly trying to help the former ipl commissioner.
mayawati (bsp) attacked prime minister narendra modi saying the episode had exposed those who had claimed that na khaoonga, na khane doonga (i will neither take bribe nor will i allow anyone to take it).
amidst ruling party protests, mayawati demanded an impartial cbi probe and resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister.
soon after the obituary reference, satish chandra misra (bsp), naresh agarwal (sp), tapan kumar sen (cpi-m) and d raja (cpi) said they had given notices under rule 267 to suspend business to take up discussion on lalitgate and vyapam scams.
jaitley said the vyapam issue was squarely a state issue and if the opposition wanted to change rule to discuss state issues and set up new precedents, then issues ranging from kerala, himachal pradesh, assam and goa should also be discussed.
so we will be fair to all states, he said.
if they want to discuss the issue relating to sushmaswaraj swaraj, please start the discussion right now, he said.
when the house met again at 12.
30 after the first adjournment, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad suggested that some members who had given adjournment notice should be allowed to speak, prompting jaitley to protest and ask whether such a practice could be allowed everyday.
sitaram yechury (cpi-m) however asserted that vyapam issue was not just restricted to one state as people involved in it had died even outside madhya pradesh under mysterious circumstances.
as the din continued and kurien's pleas asking members to resume business not finding any takers, the deputy chairman adjourned the house till noon.
when the house reassembled and chairman hamid ansari took up the question hour, opposition congress responded with a resounding 'no'.
sharad yadav (jd-u) got up and sought time to speak on the lalit modi issue saying his right to speak cannot be denied.
he was supported by rajeev shukla (cong) who said the issue was serious enough as it concerned corruption and the concerned ministers should resign.
discussion and debate is your right, but rules have been framed with your consent.
the question hour belongs to your colleagues.
allow them to speak, ansari said.
at this, yadav said the question hour has been dispensed with not once but a thousand times.
i agree that it is question hour, but many times it has been dispensed with.
how can you delink the debate?
as congress and opposition members continued the uproar and indulged in heated exchanges with members of the treasury benches, the chairman adjourned the house again for half an hour.
bangalore, aug 16, 2012, dhns : 1:23 istchief minister jagadish shettar on thursday morning invited more than 1,000 people of north-eastern states studying or working in bangalore to his home office krishna and assured them that they were safe in the state and nobody could harm them.
the government also announced two 24/7 helpline numbers, special police patrolling in areas with concentration of people of north -eastern origin and protection of their properties.
shettar and his deputy r ashoka, who holds the home portfolio, also held a high-level meeting with top police officials and representatives of various north-eastern associations.
the governments move comes a day after more than 6,800 people from north-eastern region embarked on train journeys to their home states following rumours of an impending attack on them to avenge the ethnic violence in assam.
there is nothing to worry.
the attack threats are just rumours being spread by unscrupulous elements.
there is no need to rush back to your home towns.
we ensure your safety here, nobody can touch you, shettar told his invitees at krishna.
ashoka announced the two helpline number - 080-22250999 and 22942222 - would function round the clock.
if there is any problem, you can call these numbers.
the police will reach your place in five to ten minutes and take immediate action, ashoka said.
the bangalore city police will take up special patrolling in neelasandra, koramangala, ejipura and challagatta, all areas which have a large population of people of north-eastern origin.
later addressing a press conference, shettar said there was no way the government could prevent those who had already made their mind to leave bangalore.
it would have created another situation, he said.
at one point, shettar said there had been some stray incidents against the community but the police could not act as there had not been any complaints.
asked to elaborate on these stray incidents, ashoka intervened to say that it was a sensitive issue and details could not be divulged as the matter concerned the entire country.
shettar said he had briefed the prime minister manmohan singh on wednesday night about the measures taken by the state government to protect the interests of the people from the north-east.
leaders of the opposition in the lok sabha and rajya sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley and also the chief minister of arunachal pradesh nabam tuki called shettar on thursday morning to inquire about the welfare of the people for north-eastern states in bangalore.
oppn objects to nhrc selectionnew delhi, dec 11, 2012, dhns 0:29 istviolators cannot become protectorsthe opposition is determined to ambush upa governments attempt to select a civil service officer as one of the two members of the national human rights commission (nhrc), arguing violators cannot become protectors of human rights.
prime minister manmohan singhs government has prepared a list of 23 applicants for the post of member nhrc which fell vacant after pc sharma retired recently.
the members have a five- year tenure which can be extended.
of the 23 applicants, more than 50 per cent (13) are either retired or serving ips and ias officers.
former ifs officer satyabrata pal is the other member drawn from non-judicial background.
the commission is headed by former chief justice of india kg balakrishnan and has two other judicial members justice gp mathur and justice bc patel.
the shortlisted names will be put before a selection panel consisting of the prime minister, the home minister, lok sabha speaker, rajya sabha vice chairperson and leaders of opposition in lok sabha and rajya sabha.
however, leaders of opposition in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitely of the bjp have conveyed their reservation to the government on shortlisting ips and ias officers on the grounds that the civil servants often are found to be violators and not protectors of human rights, sources said.
despite the opposition, the upa has sufficient numbers in the panel to get the stamp of approval on its choice as the member nhrc.
the just retired cbi director ap singh, special director vk gupta, former delhi police commission bk gupta, former ias officer and ex-secretary general of nhrc rajiv sharma, former union home secretary madhukar gupta and former ias officer anwar ehsan ahmad are among the top names in the list.
the bjp leaders have also objected to a lack of transparency in the selection procedure, as the position wasnt advertised.
sources asked how many of the applicants came to know about governments move on the nhrc appointment as they have applied directly.
two central ministers seem to be lobbying for a candidate who is currently posted in bangalore.
his application to the government was forwarded by a private secretary of a senior minister and another minister himself, sources said.
a former lok sabha speaker belonging to congress had also seconded a candidate from a minority community from uttar pradesh.
the candidate was a minister in up government in the past.
a journalists name has also been included in the list.
former cbi director pc sharma was appointed a member on march 30, 2004, during the nda regime for the five-year stint as member of nhrc.
he managed to have a three year extension in 2009.
the government and the opposition had a serious clash in appointing pj thomas the chief vigilance commissioner.
thomas had to make an unceremonious withdrawal, after supreme court struck down his appointment.
process on to bring back indian woman from pakistan: sushmanew delhi, aug 8, 2015, (ians) 13:14 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on saturday that india is completing the necessary formalities to bring back gita, a hearing and speech-impaired indian woman stranded in karachi, to india.
we are completing the necessary formalities to bring gita back to india, she tweeted.
sushma also tweeted that during the past few days four families from punjab, bihar, jharkhand and up have claimed gita as their daughter and that she has requested the chief ministers of the respective states to verify and report.
gita conveyed to indian high commissioner by gestures that they are seven brothers and sisters.
she also conveyed that she had visited a temple with her father.
then she wrote down 'vaishno devi'.
with these details, please help locate gita's family, the minister tweeted.
sushma had requested the envoy to go to karachi to meet gita.
leading pakistani human rights activist ansar burney, who has been closely pursuing gita's case, had travelled to india in october 2012 with photographs of the woman but was unable to make progress.
in 2003, gita -- then 11-years old -- was spotted by the pakistan rangers in lahore, after she strayed across the border.
the girl was handed over to the edhi foundation, a social welfare organisation in pakistan.
bilquis edhi, who runs the edhi foundation, has named her gita.
according to reports, geeta is a vegetarian and has set up a small mandir in her room at the edhi foundation where she prays to indian gods and goddesses.
she also observes the ramadan fast.
agencies can question me in london: lalit modinew delhi, august 13, 2015, dhns: 23:46 istas parliament debated a controversy involving him, controversial former ipl chief lalit modi on wednesday virtually ruled out the possibility of him appearing before the cbi or the enforcement directorate (ed), saying agencies can question him in london.
asked about his reluctance to appear in indian courts, he told india today tv, my lawyers have appeared in every case, why do i need to make a personal appearance?
if the cbi, ed wants to come and question me, they can come here to london and i will happily answer all their questions.
i have never shied from questions unlike those who attack me.
i have a serious threat to my life.
the government can provide me no guarantee of security.
only last month, there were reports that a gangster poojary had put out a hit on me.
chota shakeel and dawood want me out because i acted against corruption in cricket and the betting syndicates which they control, he said.
he also said an entire parliament session was stalled on the issue relating to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helping him in getting travel documents from britain and it was just politics.
govt in dialogue with us over indians' safety: sushmanew delhi, march 16,2017, dhns: 1:28 istkeeping in touch with indians abroad, says ministerexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
pti file photothe government on wednesday told the lok sabha that it was in continuous dialogue with president donald trumps administration over safety of the indian community in the us.
safety and security of the indian diaspora abroad remains a top priority for this government.
close contacts with the local indian community groups are being maintained through our embassy and consulates to address any emergent issues.
sushma on wednesday referred to the killing of indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla at kansas in us on february 22.
kuchibhotla was shot at and killed by a local resident who hurled racial slur at his victims.
concerns conveyedthe government has taken up this issue with the us government at very high levels and conveyed our deep concerns, the minister added, dismissing the allegation by mallikarjun kharge of the congress that the government remained mum when indians are targeted in the us.
she said that donald trump had referred to the kansas shooting in his address to a joint session of the congress on february 28 and said that the us stands united in condemning hate and evil in all its forms.
she said that the speaker of the us house of representatives paul ryan too issued a statement expressing the houses condolences on the killing of srinivas kuchibotla and the house observed a moment of silence over the incident.
governor of kansas sam brownback, in a letter to prime minister, had praised the ingenuity, hard work and determination of the indian diaspora as well as their contributions to the state of kansas.
he has assured that kansas will remain a welcoming, hospitable place for indians.
pm following 'raje dharma, not rajya dharma', says congnew delhi, june 27 , 2015, pti: 13:59 isttaking a dig at prime minister narendra modi over lalitgate, congress today accused him of following raje dharma and not rajya dharma by shielding rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the prime minister should follow 'rajya dharma' and not 'raje dharma' or 'lalit dharma', party spokesman ajoy kumar told reporters here even as he reiterated the party's demand for the sacking of raje and swaraj.
targeting the prime minister, kumar said that his response on the issues of corruption and black money was very disappointing after his tall promises made during the lok sabha polls.
instead of taking action on these issues, modi has become the protector of those having huge black money, he charged.
kumar's remarks follow in the wake of the bjp central leadership coming out to back raje after initially not voicing its support for days.
rajasthan bjp has, meanwhile, refuted all the allegations against her, saying the document which she signed in support of former ipl boss lalit modi's immigration application was never produced in court as she had backed out of it later.
however, the congress spokesman argued that raje has committed an anti-national act by secretly supporting the immigration application of lalit modi.
this has exposed bjp's pseudo-nationalism, he claimed.
incidentally, when he was the gujarat chief minister 13 years back at the time when the state was rocked by riots, narendra modi was asked by the then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee to follow raj dharma.
indian consulate monitoring sydney hostage situationsydney/new delhi, dec 15, 2014 (ians) 19:17 istthe indian mission in sydney is in regular touch with the authorities of the new south wales state capital over the hostage crisis, said consul-general sunjay sudhir.
talking to ians from sydney, sudhir said that the number of hostages at the lindt cafe in martin place has now been revealed to be around 12-15 and not 30 as was being mentioned earlier.
we are in very regular touch with the nsw authorities regarding the security operations at the cafe, sudhir said.
asked about reports of an infosys executive being among the hostages, sudhir said he heard about it from the indian media, but clarified that the australian authorities have not conveyed any such news.
i am unable to comment on this as we have not got any such information from the authorities here, he said.
the indian consulate in sydney, located around 400 metres from the lindt cafe, was evacuated in the morning.
sudhir said they would take a call on whether to return to the consulate, located on pitt street, after assessing the situation.
we decided to clear out the staff for security reasons.
we will take a call in the morning after considering the security situation, he said.
he said the australian authorities have said they are for peaceful resolution of the crisis.
we can see that they have a plan for peaceful resolution of the situation, sudhir said.
with night having descended on sydney, which is five and a half hours ahead of india, the lights of the cafe were turned off.
the hostages were made to stand facing the outside with their hands against the large french windows.
two of them were made to hold up a black flag with an islamic inscription.
the single male armed gunman has been contacted by the sydney police and he has reportedly placed some demands before them, including for an islamic state flag.
indian prime minister narendra modi was among the first world leaders to condemn the attack.
his australian counterpart tony abbott appealed for calm as a stunned world saw the drama unfold in a country that has been largely unscarred by terrorism.
vinod bahade, deputy consul general in sydney, told ians over telephone in the morning: minutes after we got to know that some people at a nearby cafe have been taken hostage by a gunman, the indian consulate was evacuated.
however, we have not shut it and the work will resume once the problem is solved.
surinder datta, deputy high commissioner at the indian high commission at canberra, told ians that the incident is being constantly being monitored.
we are taking reports from the indian consulate in sydney.
this is a very critical issue and we do not want to take any decision in hurry, he told ians over phone from canberra.
infosys said it was in touch with authorities in sydney and the indian consulate about the well being of its employees in sydney.
we can confirm that one infosys employee is among the hostages at the lindt cafe in sydney.
we are in the process of confirming the whereabouts of all our other employees in the city, the company said.
india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday sought details of the incident from the indian mission in canberra.
new delhi, feb 4, 2016, (pti) 10:33 istvoicing concern over a tanzanian woman student being allegedly beaten up and stripped by a mob in bengaluru, congress vice president rahul gandhi has sought a report from the karnataka government on the incident immediately.
rahul gandhi asks karnataka govt to explain and send report immediately, party general secretary digvijay singh said in a series of tweets.
strongly condemn incident with tanzanian lady in bangalore.
police must act strongly against the culprits, singh, who is in-charge of party affairs in karnataka, said.
the tanzanian woman student was allegedly beaten up and stripped by a mob in a case of mistaken identity after a woman was mowed down by a car in the city.
the 21-year-old tanzanian, who is doing her bachelor of business management course, was dragged out of the car in which she was seated along with her three friends on sunday night.
the car was stopped by the mob shortly after they reached the accident spot on sunday night, according to all african students union in bengaluru.
she was stripped by a section of the mob and pushed out of a slow-moving bus that was passing by as she tried to board it to escape,the union's legal adviser bosco kaweesi had said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had termed the incident as shameful.
swaraj had spoken to karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah and requested him to ensure stringent punishment to the guilty.
official sources in new delhi had said the high commission of tanzania has sent a note verbale to the external affairs ministry about the reported attack, requesting it to take necessary legal action against the guilty.
according to the bangalore police, the complaint by the tanzanian girl was filed yesterday even though incident happened on sunday.
pm chairs meet to review situationnew delhi, jul 13, 2016, dhns: 1:05 istprime minister narendra modi on monday appealed to people in jammu and kashmir to maintain calm to bring back normalcy in the valley.
hours after returning from tour to four african nations, modi sat with top ministers and security officials to review the situation in the valley where the killing of self-styled hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani has triggered violent protests.
chairing a high-level meeting where a detailed presentation on the security scenario was made, modi voiced his concerns over the situation in the state and appealed to the people to maintain peace.
he also expressed hope that no innocent person should face any kind of inconvenience or loss, minister of state in the prime ministers office jitendra singh said after the meeting.
home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister manohar parrikar, national security advisor ajit doval and foreign secretary s jaishankar were among those attended.
the prime minister kept taking updates about the jammu and kashmir situation during his visit abroad.
the biggest evidence of his concern is that he called this review meeting within hours of returning from the tour, singh said.
in the meeting, modi also expressed satisfaction over the progress of the amarnath yatra.
he asked the officials to ensure that all help sought by the state government should be provided by the centre without fail.
the home minister has postponed his visit to the united states to attend the five-day indo-us homeland security dialogue scheduled to begin on july 18.
pm modi, merkel hold talksnew delhi, oct 2, 2015, (pti): 13:58 istgerman chancellor angela merkel and prime minister narendra modi today held talks on stepping up bilateral cooperation in a range of key areas with a special emphasis on ramping up trade and investment when global slowdown is emerging as a major concern.
merkel, accompanied by a large delegation of cabinet ministers and top officials, arrived here last night and was accorded a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan this morning.
ways to deepen bilateral engagement in diverse sectors like defence, security, education and renewable energy figured in the summit-level inter-governmental consultations (igc) between modi and merkel which also deliberated on issues relating to trade and investment.
the real business of diplomacy.
the 3rd india-germany intergovernmental consultations begin, led by pm & chancellor, tweeted external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup.
india and germany are strategic partners since 2001.
the german chancellor's visit here comes around six months after modi's tour to germany in april.
germany is india's largest trading partner in european union and the seventh largest foreign investor in india.
the overall exchange of goods and services between the two countries was valued at around around 15.
96 billion euros last year, a drop of 1.
14 billion euros from the level of 16.
10 billion euros registered in 2013.
while india's exports to germany rose marginally to 7.
03 billion euros in 2014, its german imports dropped to 8.
92 billion euros from 9.
19 euros in the previous year.
more than 1,600 indo-german collaborations and around 600 indo-german joint ventures are currently in operation.
ahead of merkel's visit, german ambassador martin ney said the third inter-governmental consultations are expected to come out with path-breaking results and inking of substantial number of agreements between the two countries.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on merkel ahead of her talks with modi.
pm modi in nepal for saarc summitkathmandu, nov 25, 2014, (pti) 15:35 istprime minister narendra modi arrived here today with an aim to inject new momentum to regional bloc saarc during its two-day summit beginning tomorrow as he said development of close relations with neighbours was a key priority for his government.
on his arrival here to attend his maiden saarc summit, modi was accorded a warm welcome.
he was given a guard of honour and a group of girls presented a cultural performance for him.
modi will articulate india's position on various issues during the summit on november 26-7 and will hold bilateral talks with south asian heads of state and government on its margins.
while modi's official programme has no mention of his meeting with pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif, he would be meeting afghan president ashraf ghani, bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina, sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa among others.
in his pre-departure statement, modi said development of close relations with neighbours was a key priority for his government and he was also looking forward to holding talks with other south asian heads of state and government on the margins of the summit.
although this is my first saarc summit, during the last six months, i have interacted extensively with leaders of saarc countries beginning with their auspicious presence at my swearing-in ceremony.
development of close relations with our neighbours is a key priority for my government, modi said.
noting that the summit's theme was deeper regional integration for peace and prosperity, he said india has always emphasised on the importance of greater regional integration at all levels for the socio-economic development of the south asian region.
we have undertaken several initiatives in this regard on bilateral, sub-regional and regional basis, and will continue to do more.
we hope that the summit will lead to concrete outcomes, particularly in regard to various initiatives on enhancing connectivity that have been under discussion for a long time, he said.
this will be my second visit to nepal within four months, which reflects the importance we attach to our unique and special relations with nepal.
there has been significant progress in the implementation of the decisions taken during my visit to nepal in august 2014.
i look forward to reviewing the progress in our relations with prime minister sushil koirala and other nepalese leaders, he added.
prime minister modi's high-level delegation at the summit includes external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, national security adviser ajit doval, foreign secretary sujatha singh and a number of senior officials of various ministries.
new delhi, june 28, 2015 (pti) 16:42 istprime minister narendra modi today spoke about a number of social issues in his monthly radio address but chose to avoid any reference to the political storm that has been generated by lalit modi issue for which congress warned him that the issue will continue to haunt him.
cpi and aap also attacked modi for remaining silent on the controversy.
in his 'mann ki baat' programme on radio, modi refrained from speaking on politics or the recent controversies surrounding rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the lalit modi issue which some quarters were expecting.
among various topics, he talked about the girl child, voicing concern over the depleting sex ratio in 100 districts of the country, with the situation being more serious in haryana.
he pitched for a mass campaign to save the girl child.
during the 20-minute programme, he also spoke about the recently-launched three social security schemes and three developmental schemes, including 'housing for all' by 2022, as well as the yoga day celebrated on june 21.
he also emphasised on the need for saving water and planting trees to preserve the environment.
speaking soon after the 'man ki baat' programme was aired, congress leader ghulam nabi azad expressed disappointment over the failure of the prime minister to speak on lalit modi controversy.
his other senior party colleagues p chidambaram and digvijay singh as also cpi's d raja and aap leader ashish khetan.
all over india, no one is ready to listen to 'mann ki baat.
.
.
.
everyone wants to listen to voice of people in the programme, said azad, leader of opposition in rajya sabha.
taking a dig at modi, azad said he continued to be a dream merchant in the programme as he has been merely selling dreams in india and abroad.
it is in the interest of the prime minister to take immediate action against those involved in corruption.
otherwise nationally and internationally, it is going to haunt him wherever he goes, he told reporters.
in pudukottai in tamil nadu, chidambaram also questioned modi's silence on recent controversies.
the prime minister, who criticised manmohan singh for being silent, is silent now.
.
.
, he said at a meeting while referring to the controversy surrounding raje for her links with lalit modi, former ipl commissioner.
attacking the prime minister for being silent on 'lalitgate' and other controversies, congress general secretary digvijay singh alleged that he was helping the former ipl chief in getting him bailed out of ed cases against him.
every sunday he (narendra modi) talks about 'mann ki baat', but doesn't answer the basic questions which have emerged over the past fortnight ever since the lalit modi controversy came up.
my charge is that narendra modi is helping lalit modi.
my charge is that he has promised lalit modi that he will be bailed out of all the cases in which he is being investigated by enforcement directorate (ed), singh alleged while talking to reporters in hyderabad.
let narendra modi come out clean on this.
they (bjp) talk of morality ad accountability, but when it comes to morality and accountability to be practised by the bjp, they said that what we say is absolute truth, he said.
cpi leader d raja also criticised narendra modi.
in 'mann ki baat', he (prime minister) spoke on several other issues but he has not uttered a single word on the latit modi issue.
he has not said anything on raje.
why is he keeping silent?
the situation is getting murkier.
.
.
.
who is he protecting?
mr modi is trying to shield certain things or protect some individuals?
why this silence?
this is an issue.
aap leader ashish ketan said, the whole country has only one 'mann ki baat' which is what is the prime minister's take on the issue of 'lalitgate', sushmaswaraj swaraj and vasundhra raje.
and that mann ki baat remained unaddressed.
bjp spokesman sambit patra hit out at congress for criticising the prime minister, saying modi has spoken on issues of pertinence, like protection of girl child, social security and water conservation.
there are far more issues than satisfying the frustration of the congress, he said.
india abstains from voting on un resolution on israelgeneva, jul 3, 2015 (dhns): 0:59 istindia on friday abstained from voting on a resolution adopted by the un human rights council condemning israel over alleged war crimes during operation protective edge in gaza and west bank.
new delhi, however, dismissed the idea that the abstinence reflected a change in indias long-standing policy of supporting the palestinian cause.
forty-one nations voted in favour of the resolution condemning israeli armys human rights violations, while india, kenya, ethiopia, paraguay and macedonia abstained.
the united states voted against the resolution, which condemned israel for targeting of innocent civilians in gaza and west bank.
israeli media hailed new delhis decision to abstain from voting and interpreted it as a reflection of a significant policy change by india.
traditionally, india voted in favor of all anti-israel resolutions in un institutions.
friday's abstention is another sign of warming ties between india and israel since the election of prime minister narendra modi in 2014, reported israeli news website www.
haaretz.com.
new delhi, however, said that it decided to abstain because the resolution had a reference to the international criminal court.
no change in indias long standing position on support to the palestinian cause.
the issue in this particular resolution was the reference to the international criminal court, vikas swarup, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs of the indian government, said in new delhi.
india is not a signatory to the rome statute establishing the international criminal court.
in the past also, whenever a human rights council resolution had made a direct reference to the icc, as had happened in the resolutions on syria and north korea, our general approach had been to abstain.
we have followed the same principle in our voting on todays resolution, added swarup.
india has been steadfast in its support to palestine and to the palestinian peoples struggle for a sovereign and independent state of palestine within recognised borders with east jerusalem as its capital and its peaceful co-existence with israel.
india was the first non-arab country to recognize palestine way back in 1988.
indias growing ties with israel, and, more particularly, the ascent of the right-wing barathiya janata party, fuelled speculation about new delhi reviewing its position on palestine.
prime minister narendra modi is expected to visit israel this year.
but a complete reversal of the new delhis traditional support to palestine seems unlikely.
the new governments position was clarified by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last year when she told parliament that india would continue to strongly support palestine while maintaining its good relations with israel.
last updated: 06 august, 2011siddaiah hiremath, bellary, august 6, dhns: 23:58 istrejects invite to attend varamahalakshmi pooja; not to visit bellary this yearthe gravity of their indictment in the lokayukta report on illegal mining seems to be slowly sinking in on the reddy brothers, with their political mentor sushmaswaraj swaraj deciding to give her annual visit to bellary during the varalakshmi festival a miss this year.
while the reason being given is that of a death in the family, political circles are abuzz with theories that mother sushmaswaraj has finally disowned her political offsprings.
every year, the opposition leader in the lok sabha used to take part in the varalakshmi pooja organised at cardiologist dr b k srinivasa murthys house and then attend the mass marriage programme organised by b sriramulu.
that has been the practice since 1999 when swaraj contested against upa chairperson sonia gandhi from bellary lok sabha constituency.
she had then declared that she was a daughter of bellary, and would visit the city every year irrespective of whether i win or lose.
swaraj has kept her promise over the years, except in 2008 when her father-in-law passed away.
in 2009, the leader managed to make time for a quick visit and participated in the pooja and mass marriage despite the lok sabha sessions.
her visit to bellary has been marked by show of mushy affection from both sides, with the reddys and sriramulu gushing about their mother, and swaraj often posing with the reddy brothers with visible maternal pride.
massive conventionsswarajs visit to bellary drew a lot more attention last year with the congress leaders march partys nadarakshana nadige from bangalore to bellary culminating in the district on the day of her visit.
both the parties had organised massive conventions in a bid to outdo each other.
at the bjp convention, swaraj launched development projects worth rs 1,300 crore.
but the times, they are achanging.
with illegal mining in bellary grabbing headlines and coming to the adverse attention of the lokayukta, swaraj has begun distancing from the tainted reddys.
apart from her statement to an english news magazine where she categorically stated that she had nothing to do with the political growth of reddy brothers, swaraj is also said to be evading the bellary trio and their calls.
with her refusal to attend the pooja this year, the questions that were lingering around her visit have not only been answered, but swaraj has also sent across a clear message that she is no longer mother to reddy brothers.
sushma to attend ny yoga day event on sundaynew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 23:24 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is set to address a crowd of about 30,000 people in a mega yoga event at times square in new york next sundaynotwithstanding the row over her role in securing travel documents from the british government for indian premier league (ipl) ex-chief lalit modi.
swaraj, who will leave for new york on saturday, will take part in the events at the united nations (un) headquarters on the occasion of the international yoga day on june 21.
the un has declared june 21 as international yoga day, after prime minister narendra modi pitched for it in his speech at the general assembly last september.
the modi government, which projected it as a big achievement, is now set to hold mega-events in india and abroad to observe the day.
the government has also invited diplomats from 152 foreign missions in the country for the event on raj path that day.
swaraj will share the dais with un secretary-general ban ki-moon and un general assembly president sam kutesa at the yoga event to be held on the premises of the international organisation on sunday.
she will then go to times square to attend another yoga event, being organised on summer solstice for the past 13 years.
nearly 30,000 people are expected to take part in the event, as the un recognition of the day has added to the participants' enthusiasm.
swaraj will also attend another yoga event, organised by sri sri ravishankars art of living foundation, in new york.
she will have a meeting with ban ki-moon on monday before returning to new delhi on tuesday.
swaraj, however, may have to leave immediately for kathmandu to represent the indian government in a conclave organised by the nepalese government to solicit funds from the international community to rebuild the quake-hit nation.
she will also travel to bangkok in the last week of the month to attend the world sanskrit conference.
swaraj on tuesday flagged off the first batch of the pilgrims for the kailash mansarovar yatra in the tibetan autonomous region of china through a new route via the nathu la pass in sikkim.
i am delighted to flag off the batch of pilgrims for two reasons.
first, the promise i made last year of enabling elderly citizens to undertake the pilgrimage is being fulfilled, and second, the happiness i see on faces of these people who otherwise would not have been able to undertake the yatra, said swaraj.
this was the first public event she attended after revelations about her help to the ipl ex-boss.
though the ministry of external affairs has been organising a pilgrimage from india to mount kailash and mansarovar lake in the tibet autonomous region of china every year, this year the trip will be conducted for the first time through two different routesthe old route via lipulekh pass in uttarakhand and the new route.
bsy to hold fire till end of budget sessionbangalore, march 24 2012, dhns: 0:37 istthe political scene in the state, which witnessed hectic activity following leadership tussle in the ruling bjp, is likely to witness a slump till march 30 with the yeddyurappa camp deciding to lie low till the end of the current budget session of the legislature.
leaders, representing various factions of the bjp, returned to bangalore on friday after holding separate consultations with the party central leadership in new delhi.
speaking to reporters in bangalore, b s yeddyurappa said he would accept the decision of the central leadership.
chief minister d v sadananda gowda, however, continued to insist there would be no change of guard in the state.
the party central leaders are understood to have done more of listening than giving assurances when these factions met them in delhi.
it is learnt that the top leadership would send a senior party functionary to bangalore to hold consultations with various factions during the first week of april.
the central leaders are said to have asked yeddyurappa to have patience for some more time.
however, sources close to yeddyurappa said the central leadership had dropped enough indications that he would be accommodated suitably soon after the budget session, which concludes on march 30.
at least four groups - one led by chief minister d v sadananda gowda and state party president k s eshwarappa, another by b s yeddyurappa and two minor factions with varying affiliations, one led by home minister r ashoka and another by municipal administration minister balachandra jarkiholi - had met bjp central leaders over the last three days.
the factional leaders also met party national president nitin gadkari, senior leaders l k advani, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha and rajya sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, respectively, among others.
it is left to the party to take a decision on utilising my services in whatever capacity.
i will accept whatever decision the party high command takes, yeddyurappa, who had made a renewed attempt to get reinstated as chief minister, said in bangalore.
on his part, sadananda gowda claimed the party central leaders were happy about his governance and the budget presented by him.
there was no question of any leadership change.
the topic did not come up for discussion, gowda said adding that it was left to the party high command to decide on what position should be given to yeddyurappa.
jarkiholi said he had urged the leaders in new delhi not to replace gowda.
three ministers in the state cabinet - c p yogeeshwara, anand asnotikar and varthur prakash - had accompanied him to new delhi.
meanwhile, labour minister b n bache gowda and former minister aravind limbavali left for the national capital on saturday night to place their point of view before the party central leadership.
two telugus kidnapped in libya safe: andhrahyderabad, aug 3, 2015, (ians): 20:17 istthe two telugu men still under the captivity of alleged terrorists in libya are safe, the andhra pradesh government said on monday.
the information was received by the state government's representative in new delhi, k. rammohan rao, who spoke to indian diplomat in tripoli, mohammad rashid khan over phone, and was told that the dean at the university of sirte is in regular touch with the abductees.
rao said all efforts were being to secure the release of the two teachers - t. gopikrishna and balram kishan.
rao also spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj regarding the steps being taken to secure safe and early release of the two telugu men.
the families of gopikrishna and kishan here remained a worried lot as they have not heard anything directly from them since they were kidnapped on july 29.
four indians, all teachers at university of sirte, were kidnapped allegedly by islamic state militants when they returning to india via tripoli and tunis.
a spokesman of ministry of external affairs had said they were detained at a check point, 50 km from sirte.
though two others hailing from karnataka were released on friday, there was no word about the two telugu men.
kishan hails from hyderabad while the family of gopikrishna, who is from srikakulam district of andhra pradesh, also lives in hyderabad.
gopikrishna has been teaching computer science at jufra branch of the university since 2007 whereas balram has been teaching english at the same university since 2011.
sushma, rahul try to outwit each other in fiery ls debatenew delhi: august 13, 2015, dhns 2:06 istafter 14 days of stalemate over the congresss demand seeking resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi obtain travel papers from the uk, a debate finally took place in the lok sabha on wednesday.
but the tone and tenor saw sushmaswaraj and congress vice-president rahul gandhi locked in a no-holds barred duel, freely trading serious charges of corruption against each other's family.
if sushmaswaraj talked about the bofors scandal and the gandhi familys proximity to late italian businessman ottavio quattrocchi, who was believed to be a conduit for pay-offs, rahul minced no words either.
he said: lalit modi is a symbol of black money in india.
lalit modi pays sushmaswaraj swaraj's family.
with prime minister narendra modi choosing to stay away from house, finance minister arjun jaitley wrapped up the governments contentions, before the house negated the adjournment motion moved by congress leader mallikarjun kharge, the wordings of which was a point of intense dispute, particularly about naming of the disgraced ipl chief or using term like lalitgate.
an exasperated speaker sumitra mahajan ticked off the mps from both sides several times to restore order and show she was impartial when it came to applying house rules.
the government rejects all the charges, the question of sushmaswaraj swarajs resignation does not arise, said jaitley, bringing to close the issue that had paralysed the entire monsoon session.
the case against him was registered under foreign exchange maintenance act but action was made to appear having been done under the stringent prevention of money laundering act.
it is only now that our government has issued a red-corner notice against him for a chennai case lying dormant since 2012, said jaitley.
sushma also responded to rahuls charge, that she got money to help lalit modi, by telling him to read up on his family history and then ask his mamma (sonia gandhi) as to how much money had been taken from quattrocchi and why did daddy (rajiv gandhi) release the killer of 15,000 people (bhopal gas tragedy).
he was the finance minister when his wife nalini chidambaram was the lawyer in the saradha chit fund scam case, whose file was with his ministry.
my daughter did not earn even a rupee from lalit modi on the passport case.
she was appearing with her senior, she was a junior, that too at number nine.
a livid rahul hit back: yesterday (tuesday), sushmaji held my hand and said beta (son), why are you upset with me?
what did i do?
i said i respect you and looked you in the eye and said i am speaking the truth.
you looked down.
jaitley also slammed rahul for questioning the role of sushmas daughter.
no clean chit to raje's son, says jaitleynew delhi, june 24, 2015, dhns: 1:20 ista day after union transport minister nitin gadkari rallied behind beleaguered rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and her family in lalitgate, his cabinet colleague arun jaitley said on tuesday that rajes son, dushyant singh, is yet to get a clean chit.
jaitley, who is on official trip to the united states, told reporters that assessing authorities would continue to do their job with regard to the probe into the over rs 11 crore transaction between dushyant and disgraced former ipl commissioner lalit modi.
he also asserted that his previous remarks on the issue were misinterpreted.
attributing to the finance minister, news reports had stated that jaitley was of the view that the dealing between the two was commercial transaction which gave the opposition enough ground to criticise him for influencing the investigating agencies.
lalit modi, settled in london since 2010 when money laundering charges against him were being probed by agencies, continued to dig out hidden old details to take potshots at jaitley, congress leader rajeev shukla and former bcci chief n srinivasan.
at a time when union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, raje and mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria have drawn ire for meeting controversial cricket administrator in the uk, lalit modi himself tweeted to reveal that even jaitley met him alone at a london hotel while he was leader of opposition in rajya sabha.
mr @arunjaitley whilst you were leader of the opposition did u meet mr lalit modi alone in #london for hours at the #stjamescourt taj hotel, he posted.
he also said that srinivasan has met jaitley three times after he became finance minister but accused the media of forgetting it.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, who is under pressure to take a decision, has got a report on mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria meeting with his former-ipl boss in the uk without bringing it to the notice of the earlier congress regime.
maritime security key dimension of bilateral ties: swarajbhubaneswar, mar 20, 2015 (pti) 21:44 istdescribing maritime security as a key dimension of its bilateral ties with indian ocean rim countries, india today said it values its trilateral maritime security cooperation with sri lanka and maldives and was trying to expand it to include others.
swaraj was speaking after inaugurating an international conference on india and indian ocean: renewing the maritime trade and civilisational linkages.
we value our trilateral maritime security cooperation with sri lanka and maldives.
we are exploring possibilities of expanding it to include others in the indian ocean region in particular seychelles and mauritius, she said.
the external affair minister said indian navy has been playing an important role in this through increased bilateral /multilateral maritime exercises including milan which saw participation from 17 regional navies off the andaman coast in february 2014.
india looks forward to building closer cooperation in maritime domain, regularise bilateral maritime exercises and strengthen dialogues between the navies and coast guards with all littoral countries in the indian ocean region, she said.
the effort has gathered momentum and deepened mutual understanding on maritime challenges and has strengthened our collective ability to address them, she said.
we are committed to maritime security, freedom of navigation, unimpeded lawful commerce and peaceful settlement of disputes in accordance with international law, she said.
the minister, however, lamented that full potential of intra-regional trade remains untapped because of poor communication and transport links, lack of information about the supply capabilities, among other barriers.
the ports in most part of the region need to be modernised and equipped with multi-modal transport.
deepening of regional economic integration may help in exploiting this hidden potential of intra-regional cooperation for mutual benefit.
addressing the meet, odisha chief minister naveen patnaik said we have the opportunity to reclaim our trade and cultural relations with nations in the indian ocean region.
therefore, we must develop a comprehensive geo-strategic policy that promotes mutually beneficial engagements on an umbrella of issues relating to trade, culture, security and environment.
the vast indian ocean region hosts over 40 states and nearly 40 per cent of world population, she said, adding that the region -- which extends from african coast to west asia, south asia and south east asia and touches australia -- has been a focus of india's foreign policy.
as prime minister said in mauritius last week, we seek a future for indian ocean that lives up to the name of sagar- security and growth for all in the region.
stating that india's vision for indian ocean region is built on fostering cooperation and assisting our maritime neighbours and island states in building their maritime security capabilities, she said, we believe that we will prosper when the seas are safe, secure and free for all.
we, therefore, have advocated collective action and cooperation.
those who live in this region have the primary responsibility for peace, stability and prosperity in the indian ocean.
at the same time the region is witnessing non-traditional threats such as natural disasters, piracy, terrorism, illegal fishing, oil spills and effects of climate change, the external affair minister said.
stressing on a more cooperative and integrated future for the region through overall development of the ocean or blue economy, she said, this would promote increased cooperation in trade, tourism and investment, infrastructure development, marine science and technology, sustainable fisheries and protection of marine environment.
through greater collaboration, we look forward to increasing our understanding of marine ecology and resources and improving our abilities to harness new possibilities offered by indian ocean in a sustainable way, she said.
in this connection the indian ocean rim association for regional cooperation (iorarc), which is now known as indian ocean rim association (iora) formed in 1997, by australia, india, mauritius, oman, singapore and south africa provides an ideal platform.
significant economic and financial challenges including those flowing from the global economic and financial crisis of 2007 notwithstanding, the members of iora remained steadfast in their efforts aimed at further consolidating the association, the minister said.
swaraj recalled that at the 11th meeting of iora council of ministers that took place under india's chairmanship in bengaluru in november 2011, members were unanimous in their approach to identify six priority areas for cooperation - (i)maritime safety and security (ii) trade and investment facilitation (iii) fisheries management (iv) disaster risk reduction (v) academic and s&t cooperation and (vi) tourism promotion and cultural exchanges.
stating that visibility of the grouping has increased in recent years with the initiation of several new activities in different cooperation mechanisms under iora, she said member countries have shown renewed interest in participating and also in launching number of programmes to coordinate between regional economies in diverse range of areas including capacity building, scholarships programmes, among others.
the region experienced steady growth in global and intra-regional trade since 2003.
global trade expanded by 3.
5 times from usd 1,224 billion in 2003 to usd 4,232 billion in 2012 whereas intra-regional trade increased by more than four times from usd 302 billion to usd 1,230 billion over the same period, she said.
besides goods, the region witnessed a significant rise in services trade.
the region as a whole was found competitive in services sectors such as telecommunications, computer and information services and transport and travel.
the existing trade potential can be further tapped through sectoral cooperation initiatives.
the emerging sectors that present immense potential for trade expansion and regional integration include food processing, fisheries, tourism, environmentally sensitive goods, information technology, smes, regional value chain, and so on, she said.
time has come that countries in the region consider evolving a common regional standard to promote intra-regional trade.
she said iora provides an effective multilateral platform that facilitates realisation of untapped opportunities for prosperity, peace and development of the region.
the growing number of membership and the number of dialogue partners is a testimony of growing salience of the indian ocean and iora as the apex body in the region.
it gives me satisfaction to note that iora members are taking a number of initiatives to address the challenges in the way of further deepening of trade and economic ties amongst themselves, the minister said.
the three-day conference, organised by institute of social and cultural studies jointly with research and information system for developing countries, is supported by external affairs, petroleum and natural gas, power, shipping, commerce and industry, culture, tourism and agriculture ministries.
delegates from 20 countries are participating in the meet slated to conclude on march 22.
personally informed sujatha about new fs appointment: swarajnew delhi, jan 29, 2015 (pti) 21:03 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight said she had personally communicated to sujatha singh the government's decision to appoint s jaishankar as the new foreign secretary.
swaraj's comment came in the backdrop of reports that she was not in the loop over government's decision to abruptly curtail singh's tenure nearly seven months before it was to end.
jaishankar, ambassador to the us, was appointed last night as the new foreign secretary in a surprise decision by the union cabinet's appointment committee, which is headed by the prime minister.
the 1977-batch ifs officer who had only two days to go for his retirement will have a two-year tenure as per the rules.
the sacking of singh has come under criticism from congress.
i am pained to inform that yasir - an indian medical student from srinagar has succumbed to his injuries in russia, swaraj tweeted.
yasir was admitted to a trauma centre in kazan the capital city of russian province of tatarstan.
yesterday, swaraj had directed indian ambassador in russia pankaj saran to extend all possible help to yasir after receiving an sos through a tweet that the student was in a hospital in coma after being attacked by local goons, who also took away his money and documents.
she had yesterday said the indian mission will take up the case with with russian authorities.
i have got complete report on yasir.
an indian doctor is treating him in kazan trauma centre in russia.
our embassy officials will go and see yasir in hospital tomorrow.
we will bear all expenses on his treatment, she had said in a tweet yesterday.
new delhi, dec 14 , 2-15, (pti): 13:07 istslogan shouting congress and bsp members today forced four adjournments of rajya sabha in the pre-lunch session demanding dismissal of sad-bjp government in punjab over alleged atrocities against dalit youths there.
soon after a new member, narendra kumar swain of bjd, took oath and chairman hamid ansari read out obituary reference of an ex-member, sharad anantrao joshi, bsp supremo mayawati was on her feet raising the issue of alleged chopping off of limbs of two dalit youth at a farmhouse in abohar.
with the chair continuing with the listed business of getting papers laid on the table, slogan shouting bsp and congress members trooped into the well of the house.
they shouted dalit virodhi yeh sarkar nahi chalegi (anti-dalit government will not be tolerated) as well as slogans seeking dismisal of sad-bjp government in punjab.
amid the din, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a suo motu statement on her visit to islambad and recent development relating to ties between india and pakistan.
minister of state for parliamentary affiars mukhtar abbas naqvi said the government condemns the incident in strongest possible terms and supports strict action being taken against the accused, but a state subject cannot be discussed in parliament.
law and order is a state subject, he said, adding that the state government has to be trusted upon for taking action against the guilty.
deputy chairman p j kurien said swaraj had made an important statement and he would allow clarifications to be asked on it.
but none heeded.
if you have any problem, you go to your seat.
i will allow you to raise, he said.
please go to your seat.
why are you doing this?
as his pleas went unheeded, he said some members are hijacking the house.
it is most unfortunate, undemocratic that few members are taking the house to ransom.
you have no justification for doing it, he said, adjourning the house till 11.
30 hours.
when the house reassembled, congress and bsp members were again in well.
kurien tried to pacify the agitating members and urged them to return to their seats, but the sloganeering continued.
naqvi said the culprits should be given strictest possible punishment.
state government is taking action.
state government should be trusted, he said.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said the incident took place in a farm house and alleged that there was jungle raj in punjab.
he also said a 12-year old girl was run over by a vehicle.
the coalition government in punjab is worse than terrorism.
there is no law and order in the state.
the state government should be dismissed.
.
.
.
we are not just demanding action (against accused), we are talking about dismissal of the (state) government, azad said.
terming the punjab incident as painful and shameful, bsp chief mayawati alleged that the liquor mafia was behind the incident and said the two youths were called to the farm house, as part of a conspiracy, and their legs and hands chopped off using a saw.
central government should intervene.
the state government should be dismissed, she said as members in the well raised slogans like 'dalit virodhi sarkar nahi chalegi.
(anti-dalit government will not be tolerated).
as the din continued, kurien said he was disappointed with the unruly behaviour of the slogan shouting members and adjourned the rajya sabha till noon.
when the house reassembled, bsp and congress members again came into the well as chairman hamid ansari announced that question hour be taken up.
please go back to your seats.
the questions are yours, not of the government, ansari said, but protesting members continued to raise slogans.
ansari's pleas to allow the house to function went unheeded as members raised slogans like punjab sarkar barkhast karo (dismiss the punjab government).
you have no locus standi in the well.
none whatsoever, said ansari as his pleas to members to return to their seats did not evoke any response.
he then adjourned the house till 12:30 pm.
when the house reassembled, congress and bsp members again trooped into the well, with naqvi saying that the government condemns the incident in strongest terms and the sad-bjp government in punjab is taking strict action without any dilly-dallying.
asserting that law and order was a state subject, naqvi assured that perpetrators of the crime will not be spared at any cost and called it a serious and unfortunate incident.
ansari tried to convince members to return to their seats but as the din continued, he adjourned the house till 2 pm.
don't 'trivialize' libya evacuation issue: naidu to kerala cmnew delhi, may 13, 2016, pti: 22:59 istas the centre and kerala government engaged in a war of words over evacuation of 29 indians from war-torn libya, union minister m venkaiah naidu today asked the poll-bound state's chief minister oommen chandy not to trivialize the issue to score brownie points.
taking a dig at chandy, naidu said earlier the same chief minister had lauded external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for her initiative to bring back keralites from iraq.
a total of 29 indians, including 16 from kerala, were evacuated from strife-torn libya.
those from kerala, including nine families, reached kochi yesterday morning.
naidu said the stranded keralites who arrived from libya are facilitated and being taken care by the union government.
centre evacuated thousands of keralites from iraq, libya and yemen.
as said by sushmaswaraj swaraj ji, it is our pious duty towards our citizens.
the stranded keralites arrived from libya are facilitated and being taken care by the government of india, naidu said in a tweet.
.
.
.
and mr chandy says that he wanted to buy air tickets but could not do so owing to foreign exchange issue.
funny argument .
.
.
earlier the same chief minister lauded sushmaswaraj swaraj for her initiative of bringing back keralites from iraq, he added.
mr cm.
.
do not trivialize.
as it is joint responsibility of both central and state governments, do not try to score brownie points (sic), naidu said in another tweet.
kerala goes to assembly polls on may 16 and the results will come out on may 19.
yesterday, chandy had said the state government was bearing the travel expenses of the families, indicating that the centre had not extended the financial assistance for their travel.
the political fight erupted after prime minister narendra modi had said that his government evacuated the families from libya.
bjp plans to make it a spick-and-span eventbengaluru: april 2, 2015, dhns: 2:33 istmuch of the city will be free of cutouts and hoardingsthe bjp usually does its programmes in style.
it is not missing an opportunity to do so this time too.
the entire focus of the party is on hotel lalit ashok on kumara krupa road as it is going to be the venue for the three-day meeting from thursday.
the hotel has been spruced up to host the bjp national office bearers and executive committee meetings, wherein senior leaders, including prime minister narendra modi, party patriarch l k advani and national president amit shah will participate.
the entire kumara krupa road and sankey road that lead to the meeting venue have been draped in saffron-coloured bjp flags.
a saffron-coloured artificial lotus made out of cotton cloth has been erected at the junction in front of windsor manor hotel.
pictures of modi and amit shah have been affixed below the lotus.
a fountain at the entrance of hotel lalit ashok has been made to look like a lotus and it is the centre of attraction to those visiting the hotel.
however, the party has decided not to put up hoardings and cutouts of any of its leaders anywhere in the city.
directions have been given not to put up unauthorised hoardings and cutouts anywhere in the city.
only flags will be put up in certain places and permission has been obtained for this purpose, bjp state president pralhad joshi told reporters.
the arrangements have been made in tune with swaccha bharat movement.
the workers have been asked not to use much of plastic materials.
the party has obtained permission from the bbmp for putting up 1,000 flags and 300 banners.
the organisers have been asked to use only paper cups at hotel lalit ashok.
a majority of the 330 delegates who will be participating in the meeting will stay at lalit ashok.
but modi is likely to stay at raj bhavan.
police have cardoned off kumara krupa area, while special protection group (spg) personnel have taken over almost the entire hotel.
entry into the hostel premises has been restricted.
the national executive will be a closed-door meeting.
many of the delegates are union ministers, including rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and nitin gadkari.
senior party leaders, party chief ministers, deputy chief ministers, former chief ministers and state unit presidents are part of the national executive.
the national office bearers meeting is scheduled to be held on april 2, and amit shah will chair the meeting.
some of the delegates will stay at le meridian hotel.
it is for the fifth time karnataka is hosting the bjp national executive meeting.
the earlier meetings were in 1982, 1993, 1999 and 2008.
bjp mla evicted from assembly on first day of budget sessionnew delhi, jun 23, 2015 (pti) 16:57 isthigh drama was witnessed in the delhi assembly on the first day of the budget session with opposition trying to corner the aap government over ex-law minister jitendra singh tomar's alleged fake law degrees even as chief minister arvind kejriwal launched a counter-attack on the bjp-led government at the centre on the lalitgate row.
bjp mla o p sharma was evicted from the house after he tried to disrupt proceedings and walked up to the chief minister over tomar's degrees.
as soon as the house met, three bjp mlas forcefully raised the issue of tomar's arrest and sought a detailed discussion on the matter which was rejected by speaker ram niwas goel.
breaking his silence over tomar's alleged fake degree issue, kejriwal said the tri nagar mla was immediately removed from cabinet after his arrest but wondered why prime minister narendra modi has not yet taken action against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalitgate row.
he said he felt tomar had kept him in dark over his degrees and asserted that no wrongdoing by anyone in his government will be tolerated.
we have come to power to offer clean governance.
we will not tolerate any wrongdoing.
i do not have any relations with any mla or minister.
we immediately removed him (tomar) from the cabinet.
if things that have come in the media are true, then i think i was kept in dark (about tomar's degrees), kejriwal said.
e vasundhara and swaraj for allegedly helping former ipl boss lalit modi who is evading law enforcement agencies in india.
the way we removed tomar as soon as the matter came to light, i would request the prime minister to remove them from their respective positions and initiate probe against them.
the way i was kept in dark (by tomar), i think the prime minister is also being kept in dark, kejriwal said.
the house was adjourned for 15 minutes following disruptions by the bjp immediately after it met.
when the house met again after the adjournment, bjp mla sharma tried to disrupt the proceedings.
he first came to the well of the house and then walked up to kejriwal and interrupted him when he was giving a statement on the issue.
speaker goel called the marshalls when sharma tried to confront kejriwal.
the way om prakash came from his seat and ran towards the chief minister is not acceptable.
i gave a chance to talk and even adjourned the house for 15 minutes.
when the chief minister is answering then why not listen to him?
i can take strict action against him, the speaker said.
bjp legislature party leader vijayendra gupta also came down hard on the government accusing it of misleading people of delhi on various issues.
the aap mlas rebutted bjp's criticism and vociferously referred to the lalitgate row.
new delhi, may 31, 2015, (pti): 20:04 istindia today reaffirmed adherence to three conditions including having an atmosphere free of terror and violence as a precursor to any engagement with pakistan and demanded action against terrorists including mumbai attack mastermind zakiur rehman lakhvi.
these principles were also part of the shimla and lahore declarations.
first, we are ready to resolve each issue through peaceful dialogue.
second, the talks will be between the two countries --us and pakistan.
neither a third country will mediate nor there will be a third party.
third, an atmosphere of harmony should be created by keeping away terror and violence.
these are not decided today.
.
.
we have told pakistan repeatedly that talks can take place based on these three principles, she told a press conference, noting that these were the principles agreed upon by the two countries in shimla and lahore declarations.
the minister said no engagement was scheduled when asked if any meeting was proposed between india and pakistan in the near future.
now if lakhvi is out and he is released.
.
.
.
and if pakistan thinks that there is an atmosphere of harmony, will india accept it, she added.
there is no flip-flop in our policy.
we had decided on three principles for talks when sharif had come here to participate in the swearing-in ceremony (of narendra modi as pm).
since then we have been following those three principles, she said.
china is also a victim and the source is same.
so, while voting in 1267 in these type of issues, do not take a narrow view.
keep global terrorism in mind and follow a policy so that we can work together and take decisions unitedly.
this was conveyed to chinese leadership by the indian leadership.
the sanctions committee on al-qaida and others has been constituted under un's resolution 1267.
but here the pakistan high commissioner invited them (separatists) four days ahead of the dialogue with india.
we told him that why he had invited them when the two countries were going to hold dialogue.
to the question on chinese assistance for an economic corridor through pok, the minister said their (china) ambassador was called to lodge protest.
this time we did not keep it there.
we lodged protest calling the chinese ambassador.
we lodged protest through our ambassador there (beijing).
and when the prime minister had gone there (to china), he talked about it very firmly.
he raised it very strongly that it is not acceptable to us what you are talking about china-pakistan economic corridor going to pok.
asked about recent statements made by home and defence ministers regarding the whereabouts of underworld don dawood ibrahim and terrorists have to be neutralised only through terrorists respectively, she said there was no confusion while dealing with pakistan if there is bombardment on the border, the home minister will not keep quiet.
he (home minister) will have to retaliate and definitely he will speak in that language.
defence minister has been given the responsibility of defending the country.
he will have to ensure security.
so he will speak that way.
congress may boycott all party meet if centre doesn't reach outnew delhi, aug 1, 2015, (ians) 17:53 istthe congress party may boycott monday's all-party meeting being convened to end the parliamentary logjam if the government failed to reach out with concrete proposals, the party indicated on saturday.
the government has convened an all-party meeting but has not communicated what their proposition would be.
we have conveyed to the government that we want a tangible proposition which will solve the logjam, senior congress leader anand sharma told ians.
asked if the congress will boycott the meeting if the government doesn't reach out to them, he said: there is no purpose (in attending the meeting) then.
we are not against attending the meeting, if it is productive, sharma added.
the congress leader, who has led the party's charge against the government in the rajya sabha, said he hoped the government would reach out to them by saturday evening.
congress president sonia gandhi has also convened a meeting of the congress parliamentary party on monday morning just before the all party meeting to frame the party's strategy.
this will be the first meeting of the congress parliamentary party's general body in the monsoon session.
a senior congress leader, who did not want to be named, said the sense in the party was that prime minister narendra modi needed to reach out to the opposition to end the logjam.
the prime minister can speak on everything, but not this issue.
he has to intervene.
only then things will move forward, he said.
the monsoon session has been a washout till date over the opposition's, chiefly the congress, demand for resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh over the former ipl chief lalit modi and vyapam scam respectively.
the congress has been continuing with its protests in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha over the two issues.
both sonia gandhi and party's vice president rahul gandhi have been at the fore front of the aggressive protests by their members.
india can involve pvt sector in chabaharnew delhi, dec 29, 2015, dhns 1:37 istiran has suggested that india could rope in its private sector for development of chabahar port and the adjoining free trade zone in the islamic republic, even as the two nations are trying to narrow down differences on terms of the contract.
ali taiebnia, minister for economic affairs and finance of iran, on monday told external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that india could involve both public and private sector companies for development of chahbahar port and chahbahar free trade zone as well as in setting up industrial units in the free trade zone.
taiebnia made the suggestion during india-iran joint commission meeting, which he and swaraj co-chaired in new delhi on monday.
new delhi had already pledged to build a container terminal and a multi-purpose cargo terminal on two berths at the chabahar port in south-eastern coast of iran.
india is interested in the project, as the strategically important port could give it a sea-land access to afghanistan and central asia, bypassing pakistan.
she expressed satisfaction at the growing bilateral interaction in diverse area, the ministry of external affairs stated in a press release after the meeting.
swaraj underlined the efforts being taken to enhance bilateral economic cooperation in energy, infrastructure  including shipping, ports and railways  and trade and commerce.
she stressed that connectivity afforded by indian participation in chahbahar port would facilitate linking afghanistan and central asia with india.
she also emphasised the need for early completion of all necessary procedures for indias participation in farzad-b field and pointed out indias desire to participate in other oil and gas explorations in iran as well.
swaraj and taiebnia reviewed the progress in trade and economic cooperation and discussed possibilities in cooperation in railways, including by supply of rails, rolling stock, signalling and other works and indias participation in chahbahar-zahedan-mashhad railway line in iran.
ftii a symbol of what's happening across country: rahulnew delhi/amethi, aug 19, 2015 (pti) 20:54 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi today came down heavily on the narendra modi government over the midnight crackdown on protesting pune film institute students and arrest of five of them, and said ftii is a symbol of what is happening across the country.
claiming our creativity is being suppressed and crushed under what he called rss/bjp education model, rahul said that ftii is a symbol.
it is happening across the country, and told prime minister narendra modi that the protesting students were not criminals who needed to be arrested in a midnight crackdown.
protesting ftii students arrested in midnight crackdown.
our students are not criminals, modiji.
silence.
suspend.
arrest: modi mantra for ache din, the congress vice president said on twitter earlier in the day.
rahul said the vyapam scam in madhya pradesh was not just a case of corruption, as many believe, but also reflected a systematic degradation in the education system, in the process of which many made money.
he alleged that people associated with rss and bjp and those who believe in a particular ideology were being appointed in senior posts in higher educational institutes.
you may call it the madhya pradesh model.
you may call it rss model, bjp education model.
.
.
, rahul told reporters in his amethi parliamentary constituency in uttar pradesh.
they think they can suppress and crush our creativity.
.
.
, he said, adding that the congress party would take up the issue and support the ftii students.
it was suppressed in orop issue, now students of ftii are being threatened.
the students told us that they were being internally threatened everyday.
.
.
they think that our creativity and ability could be crushed, rahul said.
rahul had visited the ftii in pune in july to express solidarity with the protesting students demanding removal of gajendra chauhan as chairman.
the congress vice president's reference to silence on his tweet was apparently to the prime minister's silence on the opposition demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalit modi controversy and that of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan over the vyapam scam.
the reference to suspend related to the suspension of 25 congress member of lok sabha in the recently concluded monsoon session of parliament for repeatedly disrupting proceedings while seeking action in the lalit modi case and vyapam scam.
in a midnight swoop, police arrested five students of the film and television institute of india (ftii) in pune, charging them with rioting and other offences in connection with the gherao of director prashant pathrabe.
the students on strike for the last 69 days against appointment of bjp member and tv actor gajendra chauhan as the institute chairman, had gheraoed pathrabe on monday evening, challenging his decision to go ahead with the assessment of the incomplete diploma film projects of the 2008 batch.
houston, feb 25, 2017 (pti) 12:36 istthe wife of indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla, who was shot dead in an apparent hate crime by a navy veteran at a bar in olathe city, has said she had her doubts about staying in the us but was assured by her husband that good things happen in america.
speaking at a news conference organised by gps-maker garmin, where srinivas worked, sunayana dumala said reports of bias in the us make minorities afraid as she wondered whether do we belong here.
she asked what will the us government do to stop hate crimes against minorities.
sunayana said she was concerned about shooting incidents in the us and doubted whether they should stay in the country, but her husband assured her saying good things happen in america.
consul-general of india in houston anupam ray is monitoring the situation and providing possible help for the grieving family and the community in olathe area of kansas.
immediately when the incident occurred, consulate rushed deputy consul r d joshi and vice consul h singh to kansas to be with the family of srinivas at this trying moment, ray told pti.
ever since the tragedy on wednesday night, they have been with the family of srinivas and have assured sunayna of all possible help, he said.
consul joshi also met the shocked indian community members in olathe.
he also inquired alok madasani, who was injured in the shooting, about his health.
madasani is stable and has been discharged from hospital.
a third person, an american identified as ian grillot, 24, who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing at austins bar and grill in olathe in kansas city in the us state of missouri.
a university of kansas hospital spokeswoman said he is in fair condition.
the shooting evoked outrage india with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing shock over the incident.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family, she said in a tweet yesterday.
the shooter, adam purinton, reportedly got into a racial argument with the victims and shouted get out of my country and terrorist before shooting them.
he reportedly provoked them into an argument asking about their presence and work in the us, and how they are better than him.
according to police, purintonleft the bar after the argument and thenreturned with a gun and shot the three men.
he was arrested yesterday, five hours after the incident and charged with one count of premeditated first-degree murder and two counts of attempted premeditated first-degree murder in johnson county, kansas, district attorney stephen howe told reporters.
howe, however, declined to elaborate on the motive of the shooter, although local police said they were working with the fbi to investigate the case.
the fbi was looking at whether it was a hate crime.
an fbi spokesperson said agents and police canvassed the area yesterday.
some eyewitnesses have said the attack was racially motivated.
one bystander told the kansas city star that the gunman shouted get out of my country before shooting the indians.
grillot said the bullet went through his right hand and into his chest, just missing a major artery but fracturing a vertebra in his neck.
the incident has come at a time when hate crimes and acts of bigotry have risen notably in america after president donald trump came to power.
according to garmin, kuchibhotla and madasani worked in the company's aviation systems.
unfortunately, two associates on our aviation systems engineering team, srinivas kuchibhotla and alok madasani, were shot.
we are devastated to inform you that srinivas passed away and alok is currently recovering in the hospital, garmin said.
kuchibhotla and madasani hailed from hyderabad and warangal respectively.
kuchibhotla posted on linkedin in 2014 that he managed helicopter programmes.
he had a master's degree in electrical and electronics engineering from the university of texas at el paso.
he earned his bachelor's degree from the jawaharlal nehru technological university in hyderabad.
a 2014 post on linkedin said madasani was an aviation programme coordinator manager at garmin.
swaraj hits back at journo who raked up propriety issuenew delhi, jun 15, 2015, (pti) 14:53 istunder attack for helping fugitive former ipl boss lalit modi obtain travel documents in uk, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today hit back at a tv journalist who had raked up the issue of propriety in the matter.
look who is preaching propriety -of all the persons.
.
.
, swaraj tweeted.
swaraj has been under attack by political parties and others for helping scam-tainted modi to obtain british travel documents after the disclosure of emails showing that she had spoken to indian-origin british mp keith vaz and its high commissioner here james bevan seeking favours for the former cricket administrator, who had to go to portugal, purportedly for his wife's cancer treatment in june last year.
she has been strongly supported from the government and the bjp which rejected opposition demands for her resignation over alleged impropriety.
mumbai: september 10, 2016, dhns 0:53 istformer bollywood glamdoll and actor mamta kulkarni, embroiled in a rs 2,000-crore drug scandal in thane, said on friday that she was being framed by the police.
she claimed she now leads the life of a yogini.
mamta (44) and husband vijaygiri anadgiri goswami aka vicky goswami alias vicky, who faces an interpol notice, is also wanted in the case involving the manufacture of ephedrine drugs.
i am innocent of the accusations against me.
i have never engaged in any act contrary to the principles of the indian statutes and am a victim of highhandedness, crude, unprofessional and unethical conspiracy by the officers of the drug enforcement administration of the united states and thane police, mamta, based in kenya, said in a statement issued through her lawyers in mumbai.
she also made a plea to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state for home kiren rijiju not to press for her extradition, and also pointed out that jai mukhi, one of the accused, had retracted his confessional statement.
at a press conference, daniel arshack, mamtas lawyer from new york, said the american agencies have developed a tunnel vision and used cherry-picked intelligence to fit their theory to her case.
the case against mamta kulkarni is so flimsy that it does not meet or even concur with the indian standards of evidence and would not even get to the trial stage here, if she challenges the proceedings in the high court, said advocate majeed memon.
bjp may back insurance billnew delhi, dec 5, 2013 dhns: 2:23 istbjp is considering backing the government on insurance bill in parliament.
finance minister p chidambaram, who met leaders of the opposition in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley respectively on thursday said, the opposition bjp has assured me they will consider the bill.
the finance minister discussed the bill along with the direct taxes code bill.
the bjp assured chidambaram that the matter will be discussed in the party forum and then it will take a call, sources said.
while insurance bill seeks to raise the cap on foreign direct investment in the sector from 26 to 49 per cent, the dtc bill seeks to replace the archaic income tax act governing collection of direct taxes.
dtc bill is already before the lok sabha but is yet to be discussed and passed.
among the important bills the government hopes to pass during this session are the direct taxes code bill, 2010; the public debt management agency of india bill, 2013; the coal mines (conservation & development) (amendment) bill, 2012; and the coal regulatory authority bill, 2013.
the coal bill is in the lok sabha and will allow the central government to conserve coal and develop mines by levying excise and customs duties.
washington's approach to islamabad upsets new delhianirban bhaumik, new delh, jan 4, 2015, dhns: 0:39 istindia is upset over americas recent aid of $ one billion to pakistan and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is likely to convey new delhis disappointment to us secretary of state john kerry.
kerry would be travelling to gandhinagar in the third week of the current month.
swaraj is expected to convey to kerry that his recent remark lauding pakistan army as a truly binding force was not in keeping with the perception in new delhi about the men-in-uniform in the neighbouring country.
what also did not go down well with india is american president barack obamas call to pakistan prime minister m nawaz sharif soon after announcement of his visit to new delhi to attend the indian republic day ceremony on january 26.
kerry will attend the vibrant gujarat summit, scheduled to take place in gandhinagar from january 11 to 13.
he is expected to call on prime minister narendra modi and hold a meeting with his counterpart swaraj to prepare for the american presidents visit.
as both modi and swaraj will be attending the summit, the meetings may take place in gandhinagar, in case kerrys itinerary does not include new delhi.
washingtons approach to islamabad emerged as an irritant to us-india ties ahead of obamas visit to new delhi.
sources told deccan herald that new delhi had been upset when obama called up sharif shortly after us state department had announced on november 21 last his acceptance of the modi governments invitation to attend the republic day ceremony as the chief guest.
obamas call to sharif indicated a throwback to old us policy of hyphenating india and pakistan.
the call also gave the pakistan prime minister an opportunity to complain to the us president about india.
the issue was discussed at the top echelons of the bharatiya janata party and several leaders of the ruling party were of the view that new delhi should convey to washington its displeasure over the call.
during her meeting with kerry, swaraj will cite recent instances of persistent ceasefire violations by pakistan army and paramilitary forces along the line of control and the undisputed stretch of the border, grant of bail to lashkar-e-toiba commander zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi and continuous effort by the neighbouring countrys soldiers to support militants bid to infiltrate into india.
she will also convey new delhis unease over the defence authorisation bill signed by obama in december providing for $ 1 billion in aid to pakistan in 2015.
the conditions set for release of the us aid to pakistan included islamabad taking actions to disrupt the terror organisations like haqqani network and dismantling safe havens of al-qaeda and tehrik-i-taliban pakistan.
new delhi is upset that washington had not included pakistans actions against anti-india outfits like lashkar-e-toiba in the conditions for release of the fund to islamabad.
an official in new delhi said that india would continue to oppose any selective approach in the fight against the menace of terrorism and would ask the us and rest of the international community to ensure that financial support being provided by them should not be misused to run the terror machines.
normalise situation as soon as possible: india to nepalnew delhi, dec 2, 2015 (pti) 19:13 istwith the political impasse in nepal showing no signs of easing, india today asked its neighbour to normalise the situation as soon as possible while asserting that it has always stood for a peaceful and prosperous nepal which also is in india's interest.
during her meeting with visiting nepalese deputy prime minister and foreign minister kamal thapa, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told him that india has gone out of the way to ensure medical supplies to the himalayan nation while rejecting any hindrance to supplies from the country.
on his part, thapa briefed swaraj on the political dialogue with various stakeholders and informed her that the ministerial level dialogue has been upgraded to the top leadership level in his country.
swaraj reiterates need for urgent political solution to political problems facing nepal, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
she also told thapa that there is no hindrance to supplies from india.
but nepal needs to normalise situation as soon as possible, the spokesperson added.
the minister also underlined the fact that india has gone out of the way to ensure medical supplies to nepal during the talks.
the visiting dignitary told swaraj that there has been focused discussions on four key issues concerning a section of nepalese population i.
e - constituency delimitation, political representation, citizenship and demarcation of provinces.
thapa, who is visiting india for the second time in less than two months, hoped for an early resolution of the issues, official sources said.
during his first visit in october within days of assuming office, thapa had met prime minister narendra modi and swaraj after which indian officials had agreed to re-route the vehicles carrying essential supplies to nepal from those border points which are less disturbed.
since the promulgation of the constitution in nepal in september, the indian-origin madhesi population has been agitating as they believe the country's new constitution discriminates against them, denying them equal standing with other nepalis.
the agitation obstructed supply of essential commodities including petrol thereby creating a crisis in nepal, which accused india of imposing a economic blockade.
india has denied the charge and has been asking that country to take steps which should ensure broad-based ownership and acceptance of the constitution by all section of the society including those disaffected agitating forces.
india will continue to advise and encourage all political parties to address the causes underlying the present state of confrontation credibly and effectively, the minister added in lok sabha.
she also maintained that india was assisting in re-routing of stranded petroleum oil lubricants tankers and vehicles carrying medical supplies through other available crossing points, as also airlift.
family of indian engineer killed in us 'hate crime' in shockhyderabad, feb 24, 2017, (pti) 16:56 ista pall of gloom descended on the residence of engineer srinivas kuchibhotla at bachupally here today when his parents and family learnt about his death after an american navy veteran yelling terrorist and get out of my country opened fire on him in the us.
srinivas kuchibhotla (32), working at gps-maker garmin headquarters in olathe, died of bullet injuries in hospital while his indian colleague alok madasani was critically injured when the 51-year-old shooter, adam purinton, started hurling racial slurs following an altercation on wednesday night in the us.
some cousins of srinivas, who met and consoled his parents and other family members told reporters that after completing his b tech from the city, srinivas left for the us in 2005 for m tech.
four years back he got married.
he was highly appreciated by his managers at his workplace.
in 2014, he shifted to garmin company.
we have been told the shooting is due to hate crime.
srinivas was a very good person.
.
.
we miss him, an inconsolable krishnamohan (cousin) said.
this is a hatred kind of murder (hate crime attack).
we normally won't answer when such people shout.
i have myself worked in the us and i know it.
i think my cousin also might have not answered back to him.
probably, after (us president donald) trump we are seeing this.
.
.
we feel racist attacks have increased.
previously this was not the scene.
there were incidents once in a while, now it has become very frequent.
it happened in our house this time.
it's very sad, venu madhav, another cousin, said.
however, they thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for immediate response in the matter by sending two officials for completing the formalities.
srinivas's brother stays in dallas.
i co-ordinated with my friends and asked them to help them out.
till now the body has not been given to us and we are expecting the body to be handed over by tonight, he said.
sushma swaraj spoke to our family members and has extended support.
recently one youth (m vamshi reddy) from warangal, was also shot dead in us (california).
such incidents should not be repeated, they said.
meanwhile, alok's father jaganmohan reddy, who stays in chaitanyapuri area here said his elder son who also stays in the us called him this morning and informed him about the shooting incident and that his younger son (alok), who was injured in the incident has been admitted to a hospital.
i have spoken to alok.
.
.
he is doing fine.
.
.
i am planning to go to the us and meet him, jaganmohan told pti.
besides srinivas and alok, a third person, an american identified as ian grillot (24), who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing in austins bar and grill in olath.
as per the information i have got, srinivas, alok and the american man (ian grillot) were in the restaurant.
the moment the attacker saw srinivas and alok he started shouting on them and asked them to leave the country, jaganmohan, whose son alok has been working in the us since 2006, said.
neither srinivas nor alok argued with him.
but he continued shouting and within minutes came out with a gun and fired a round at srinivas while my son was near the food counter.
after hearing the bullet shots he ran out but one bullet after hitting the wall hit my son in his thighs.
my son escaped.
.
.
saved his life.
the american was also shot by the attacker.
.
.
unfortunately srinivas died in the shooting, jaganmohan added.
haryana fields record number of women this pollgautam dheer sirsa, (haryana), oct 12, 214, dhns: 0:55 istassembly elections: political parties buck trend in state's 48-year-old historywhen it comes to women leaders in representative politics, haryana has little to flaunt, with political parties not preferring to field women candidates in elections.
this election, the trend has witnessed a change of sorts, promising a new beginning, to say the least.
prominent political parties in haryana this time have fielded double the number of women candidates since the 2009 assembly elections.
their number this time is 109, the highest since haryana was carved out 48 years ago.
in the fray are wives and kin of top politicians, including the sister of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who are hoping to make their electoral debut a success.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) and the indian national lok dal (inld) have fielded 15 women candidates in this election.
the bjp had fielded six women in 2009, while the inld had fielded seven.
this is also the first election the chautala family has preferred to field a woman to contest the elections.
naina singh, wife of jailed mla and om prakash chautalas elder son ajay, is in fray from the dabwali assembly segment in sirsa.
sushma swarajs younger sister vandana sharma, a retired principal, is making her electoral debut from the safidon constituency.
haryana janhit congress chief kuldeep bishnois wife, renuka, is seeking re-election from the hansi constituency in hisar.
shakti rani, wife of former union minister vinod sharma and mother of the jailed manu sharmaconvicted in the infamous jessica lal murder caseis contesting for the first time as a candidate of her husbands newly formed jan chetna party.
veteran politician birender singh, who switched over to the bjp after 42 years in the congress, has managed a ticket for his wife, prem lata, from uchana kalan, where she is locked in a fierce contest with op chautalas grandson dushyant, one of the youngest mps.
the upcoming elections have also thrown up some interesting statistics.
former congress mp naveen jindals mother savitri, one of countrys richest women, is contesting on a congress ticket.
independent candidate ranjita kaushik has declared that her assets are only rs 500 in cash.
the 41-year-old says she used this money to open her bank account.
haryana does not have an encouraging record when it comes to electing women to the state assembly.
the best showing was in 2005, when the number of women mlas went up to 11.
in 2000, the number was just four.
there are nine women mlas in the outgoing assembly.
vasundhara raje backed lalit modi's immigrationnew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 1:42 isttrouble mounts: rajasthan cm denies giving statementas the opposition mounted pressure on the government to take action against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje also got dragged into the controversy surrounding former ipl chief lalit modi on tuesday.
modis public relations team released a three-page note to news channels which put raje, an old family friend, in deep trouble.
the note revealed that raje, then leader of the opposition, gave a confidential witness statement on august 18, 2011, to british authorities supporting the former ipl chiefs immigration application.
raje issued the statement after the upa government had decided to revoke his passport on march 3, 2011.
modi, however, got his passport back through a delhi high court order on august 14, 2014.
modi has reportedly told news channels that raje gave her testimony but it was not taken on record since she did not appear in a court pleading his case.
this witness statement is provided on the strict understanding that its contents and the identity of its maker are treated confidentially and that it is used only for the purposes stated in it, said rajes statement which carried her name but no signature.
i make this statement in support of any immigration application that lalit modi makes but do so on the strict condition that my assistance will not become known to indian authorities, the introduction stated.
the statement later gives a detailed account of her lineage, beginning from the fact that she is the daughter of the last maharaja of gwalior.
this was much before sushmaswaraj swaraj in her capacity as the external affairs minister gave a no-objection certificate last july to british authorities to grant travel papers to nri lalit modi, living in london since 2010, if it was permissible under their immigration rules.
the uk government allowed modi to travel to portugal to sign consent papers at a lisbon hospital to carry out a surgery on his wife who was suffering from cancer.
after taking charge as chief minister of rajasthan, the raje government signed an agreement with the lisbon hospital where modis wife underwent surgery to start a cancer institute in the state.
the rajasthan government signed the mou with champalimaud foundation on october 2, 2014, two months before the surgery was carried out on modis wife.
raje, however, vehemently denied giving such a statement.
of course i know the familyi have never made any bones about that.
.
.
but i dont know what documents you people are talking about, she told a news agency.
karna teachers freed by isis say they are safe, to return soonbengaluru, aug 1, 2015 (pti) 20:54 isttwo teachers from karnataka who were released from alleged captivity of islamic state terror group (isis) in libya today said they are safe and would return to india very soon.
i and laxmikanth are safe here (libya), vijay kumar, one of the teachers, said over phone.
lakshmikanth, who hails from raichur in north karnataka, said he has not seen his five-month-old baby girl ever since her birth.
i was not even sure whether i will be able to see my daughter, he said.
kumar said indian embassy officials in tripoli were working out the schedule for their return.
there are no (air) tickets from tripoli, now.
i don't know what arrangements the embassy is going to make.
tomorrow the councillor will visit us and plan for our safe return, he said.
both kumar and lakshmikanth said no harm was done to them during captivity and they were treated quite well.
kumar who spoke to his wife over phone asked her and his parents not to worry about him and lakshmikanth.
both lakshmikanth and kumar spoke over phone to a kannada tv channel and to their wives in the conversation arranged by it.
kumar also said he would not return to libya and has already tendered his resignation from the teacher's job.
i wouldn't go back to libya.
i have already resigned my teaching job, kumar added.
lakshmikanth said the university had asked them not to resign and promised to take care of their stay in libya.
kumar's wife sunitha said she was confident of her husband coming back, but the incident had hurt them and they were worried about his safety as well of three others who were held captive.
i was very confident that my husband will return, but the sense of losing was taking a toll of me, emotionally.
one who undergoes such a tense moment, only can understand, she said.
overcome by relief, lakshmikanth's wife pratibha said she was unable to express her happiness over the release of her husband.
kumar and lashmikanth thanked indian authorities for their help.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had yesterday tweeted about the release lakshmikanth and vijay kumar.
four indian teachers, including two others from hyderabad, were kidnapped in libya allegedly by the isis while returning to india from tripoli on july 29.
efforts are on to secure the release of two others from hyderabad.
amazon removes offensive indian flag doormats from its sitewashington, jan 12, 2017, (pti) 10:31 istafter strong protest by india over amazon selling doormats depicting indian flag, the e-retail giant today removed the offensive article from its canadian website.
a spokesman for amazon based at its headquarters in seattle told the washington post that the doormat was no longer for sale on its website.
the minister also asked the indian embassy to take up the matter with amazon canada.
in a series of tweets, swaraj had expressed her anger at the sale of such an offensive doormat by amazon, which is seeking a big presence in india.
indian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately.
if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
swaraj's tweets went viral and led to an outrage on the social media by indians and people of indian-origin.
her tweet storm escalated the protest into a possible diplomatic spat, the washington post said.
amazon founder and ceo jeffrey p bezos is also owner of the washington post.
amazon canada removed the offensive doormat from its website.
however, it was selling similar doormats with us and british flags.
mea declines info on lalit modi's passport issue, draws flaknew delhi, june 29, 2015 (pti) 8:16 istwith external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj facing opposition onslaught over 'lalitgate', her office has declined to provide information about the controversy surrounding restoration of former ipl boss lalit modi's passport, drawing sharp criticism from congress and the left.
responding to an rti plea containing seven questions, the external affairs ministry said, while a part of the queries did not come under the purview of the transparency law, regarding others it pleaded lack of information.
the questions included one about who had taken a decision not appeal in the supreme court the delhi high court's decision restoring modi's passport.
kindly note that the office of external affairs minister (eam) has informed that the questions in serial 1 to 3 of your rti does not seem to fall under the purview of the rti act, 2005.
as regards to queries sl no 4 to 7, no information is available with eams office, the mea said in its reply dated june 26 to rayo, the applicant from haryana.
the mea, however, said the application has been transferred to its consular, passport and visa division as well as to the ministry of finance, ministry of home.
the mea's action drew stinging criticism from the opposition, with congress calling it against the spirit of rti act and cpi(m) alleging the transparency law has been sabotaged by the modi government.
this is against the spirit of the rti act, said senior congress leader p c chacko.
in fact, any private information need not be disclosed but here is a case which is affecting even the security of the country also and person who is fugitive, who is an absconder, against whom there is an inquiry going on.
.
.
and when information is sought on that, it simply cannot be treated as a private matter, chacko said.
cpi(m)'s brinda karat said it was more than just stonewalling.
it's a shame that the rti act which provides a framework for some amount of transparency in governance has been completely diluted and sabotaged by the modi government.
so the government which came under claim of transparency and good governance is sabotaging the initiatives.
now they say they do not have the information.
.
.
.
makes a mockery of the act itself and the law for transparency, she said.
bjp, however, made a cautious defence of the mea move with party spokesman nalin kohli saying,there is a process about rti and there are certain rules about it and these rules are followed.
if it is about specifics, the concerned officers would be the right place to ask.
reacting to the mea blocking rti reply, aap leader ashish khetan said what we are seeing today is a government and politics without accountability and zero transparency in the era of amit shah and narendra modi.
the first three questions included why swaraj did not advise modi to apply for a temporary travel document to the indian high commission in london instead if she intended to help him on humanitarian grounds to travel to portugal.
it also asked why the external affairs minister did not insist on modis return to india as a condition for issuing a temporary indian travel document.
the questions from sl no 4 to 7 included a query on whether the government has lodged any objections to uk for granting residency permit to modi, who has refused to appear before the enforcement directorate, and what steps the government has taken since the issuance of fresh passport to the former ipl boss to enforce the ed summons.
it also included a query on who took the decision not to file an appeal in the supreme court against delhi high courts ruling setting aside cancellation of modis passport.
it asked whether the ed, at whose instance the passport was cancelled, was consulted on the issue.
the rti application also asked about governments response to modis wild charge that his life will be in danger if he returned to india.
out of the 40 indians from punjab who were kidnapped by isis militants from a construction site in mosul in june 2014, one of them escaped and made a claim that the remaining captives might have been killed.
the indian government had however denied the claim.
during the question hour, swaraj referred to a recent meeting in which foreign ministers from arab countries and 15 ministers participated and said the leaders of two major nations had told her that the abducted indians were alive.
i completely don't believe that those people are dead .
.
.
if we believed that boy's version then i would have told this house that all are dead.
but we don't believe the boy's claim and that is why we are searching for the people, she said.
she was responding to a query on what action the government plans to take as many companies overseas were sending back indians amid decline in oil prices, a matter of concern to kerala that has a large number of nris.
whenever such problems are brought to her notice, i look at it personally and in case of emergency situations, we try to address the issue within 24 hours, she said.
in such situations, i don't look at a person's language, state or religion.
the minister came in for praise from some members in the house for the handling of problems faced by indians abroad, including rescuing them and ensuring their return home.
bjd and aap members appreciated swaraj for her efforts.
bjd's baijayant panda said the response from the ministry has been outstanding and there has been a dramatic improvement in this regard.
besides thumping of desks by members from treasury benches, bjd's baijayant panda and aap members dharamvir gandhi and bhagwant mann appreciated the minister for helping indians facing difficulties in foreign countries.
the aap members thanked her for taking speedy action in ensuring the rescue and return of around 19 people, hailing from punjab, from saudi arabia.
opposition members, including those from the left, were also seen thumping benches.
speaker sumitra mahajan too was heard saying that it was the minister's day today.
last updated: 14 september, 2011new delhi: sep 14 , dhns 23:59 istagency will quiz anyone found involved in mining scamthe central bureau of investigation (cbi) has said that the possibility of questioning top bjp leaders in connection with the case against the bellary reddy brothers ''cannot be ruled out''.
asked specifically about the possibility of the cbi questioning senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, considered to be the political patron of the reddy brothers, a senior official told deccan herald, nothing can be ruled out and the cbi can question anyone having connection with illegal activities of the reddy brothers.
the official, however, asserted that the agency will not question anyone just on the basis of personal relation with former karnataka minister and mining baron g janardhana reddy.
janardhana reddy and his relative srinivas reddy are in cbi custody in connection with an illegal mining case.
notably, there have been allegations of commercial links between swaraj and reddys in the past.
in the wake of the arrest of reddy by the cbi on september 5, congress general secretary digvijay singh had demanded that the commercial ties of reddy brothers with sushmaswaraj swaraj and (former bjp president) m venkiah naidu, too, be probed.
swaraj's reaction came a day after she had asked the indian ambassador in oslo to send a report on the allegations made by the couple that the norwegian authorities took away their five-year-old child on frivolous complaint of abuse.
while father and son are norwegian nationals, the mother is an indian citizen.
i have received the report.
father and son are norwegian nationals.
we will represent on request of the mother, who is an indian national, swaraj tweeted.
reacting to the case, the spokesperson in norwegian embassy said the mission is aware and understands the concerns on the ongoing child welfare case involving an norwegian/indian family in norway.
the embassy would like to reiterate that child welfare cases are handled in accordance to the norwegian child welfare act, which includes directions from the un convention on the rights of the child.
the act applies to all children in norway, regardless of their background, residential status or citizenship.
the basic principle of the act is that the best interests of the child shall be a primary consideration.
since child welfare cases are highly sensitive, the cases are therefore subject to a strict duty of confidentiality.
the embassy, therefore, requests restraint and assures that the norwegian authorities are dealing with the case with complete sensitivity and awareness.
when available and permissible, updates on the case will be provided to the media and the general public.
this is the third case since 2011 when children have been taken away from their indian-origin parents by the authorities in norway on the grounds of abuse.
in 2011, a three-year-old and a one-year-old were separated from their parents, prompting the then upa government to take up the issue with norway.
the norwegian court later allowed the children to be reunited with their parents.
in december 2012, an indian couple was jailed on charges of ill treatment of their children, 7 and 2 years.
later, they were were sent to their grandparents in hyderabad.
new delhi: july 26, 2015, dhns: 0:45 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday hosted an eid milan, which was attended by several foreign diplomats, including pakistans envoy to new delhi, abdul basit.
basit had a brief discussion with swaraj during the event at the headquarters of the ministry of external affairs at jawaharlal nehru bhavan in new delhi.
he also had an informal discussion with foreign secretary s jaishankar.
though officials did not reveal the topic of the discussions, sources said that they talked about india-pakistan relations, particularly the roadmap of engagements that prime minister narendra modi and his pakistan counterpart m nawaz sharif had agreed upon at ufa in russia on july 10.
celebrating the spirit of peace & harmony after the holy month of ramzan, eam @sushmaswaraj hosts eid milan for homs (heads of missions), mea spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
swaraj had hosted an iftar for the foreign diplomats during ramzan last year.
on august 28, disengagement started at the doklam plateau on the sikkim border, where indian and chinese forces were in a standoff since june 18.
according to a statement issued by the mea, expeditious disengagement of border personnel at the face-off site has been agreed to and is ongoing.
the chinese foreign ministry, for its part, suggested that indian forces have already withdrawn to the indian side of the border and that chinese forces will continue to patrol in doklam region.
it has also said that its forces will remain in the region and continue to exercise its sovereignty over the region.
that was china trying to put a spin on the outcome as border patrolling by china was never really an issue.
the standoff had begun when the chinese had begun constructing a concrete road in doklam in bhutanese territory.
indian troops promptly formed a human chain to force the chinese to halt the construction work, calling it a change in status quo, with serious security implications for india as the doklam plateau overlooks the strategic chumbi valley.
for more than two months, beijing continued to harangue and wage psychological warfare, sometimes by reminding india of 1962 and sometimes by suggesting that countermeasures from beijing would be unavoidable if the modi government continued to ignore the warnings.
china also provoked india by asking what new delhi would do if it enters kalapani region in uttarakhand or kashmir.
this was the first time the issue of kashmir has been raked up by china at the official level.
indian diplomacy, by contrast, was mature and the government did not lose its nerve.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted in parliament that war was not a solution and india would resolve the border stand-off with china through dialogue.
but she also made it clear that indias reasonableness shouldnt be mistaken for weakness.
just because we want to have friendly relations with our neighbours, they shouldnt cross the line.
india has always wanted smooth relations with china.
but the alignment of boundaries involving india, china and bhutan has to always be finalised in consultation with all three countries, she said, underscoring new delhis resolve not to be cowed down by beijings relentless high-pitched campaign.
this crisis between china and india was different from other such episodes in the past, but what makes it unique in recent memory is new delhis determination so far not to concede the standoff on chinas terms.
beijing tried everything.
it used its media to bully india; it threatened india officially; it used colonial-era records selectively; it tried to rally world opinion; it even tried to childishly ridicule india with its media using racist videos.
beijing also tried to corner india in other parts of the border, with its troops crossing the indian border near pangong lake in ladakh on august 15 and pelting stones at indian soldiers.
but, india did not budge.
and that, in essence, foreshadows the future of the global order.
underlying all this petulance about boundaries and territories, behind all this faade of sovereignty, the sino-india stand-off in doklam has been about whether the future of asia will be one where china will be the dominant actor and dictate the terms of behaviour to other nations or whether the future of asia will be a multipolar one in the real sense of the term.
india decided to stand its ground because there was far too much at stake in not responding to the chinese bullying.
india remains the last nation standing, a stumbling block in chinas drive for domination of the indo-pacific.
already, the ambitious belt and road initiative has made china seem central to the evolving global economic order.
even while nations realise the folly of joining this mega connectivity initiative, they see no real alternative.
new delhi is the sole major power that has decided to publicly oppose xi jinpings project.
no backing downthe other major power centres remain constrained in their policy responses to china.
japan has domestic political and legal constraints, despite shinzo abes pro-active foreign policy.
australias economic future is so deeply intertwined with chinas that its elites are today having to debate making a choice between the us and china.
the modi government, in contrast, has been robust in its response to chinas rise.
it quickly realised that china remains determined to pursue a unilateral foreign policy and indian interests will suffer if new delhi does not make a change in its foreign policy behaviour.
while a section of indian elites continues to believe that india can shape chinese behaviour by its policies, policy-makers have been confronting the consequences of chinas growing capabilities in multiple ways.
though a tad late, new delhi has been focusing on building its border infrastructure and has been active in trying to reach out to other like-minded powers in the region such as japan, australia, indonesia and vietnam to shape a favourable balance of power in the region.
ahead of the brics summit in china and the 19th congress of the communist party of china, the standoff with india could have been really more damaging for xi jinping, who stood to lose the most if a quick resolution to the crisis was not found.
and so, the two neighbours have managed to resolve the stand-off for now.
but this episode marks an inflection point in indias relations with china.
india seems to have recognised that standing up to china resolutely to protect its core interests is the only option available to it.
otherwise, it will have to acquiesce in the shaping of a china-centric indo-pacific.
and for most indians that clearly is not an option worth even thinking about.
shimla, june 1, 2015 (ians) 18:11 istfeeling let down by the successive indian governments, the father of captain saurabh kalia is now pinning hopes on the supreme court.
saurabh was the first to report pakistani incursion in kargil in 1999.
he was taken captive with five other troops by pakistani troops and his mutilated body was handed over to his family a few weeks later.
whether it's the nda (national democratic alliance) or the upa (united progressive alliance), both are two sides of the same coin, the late young army man's father n.k. kalia told ians on monday.
aghast at the stand of the narendra modi government on dealing with mumbai terror attackers and the pakistan army, the senior kalia said india was apparently confused in its policy on pakistan.
his outburst came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj denied any flip-flop in india's policy towards pakistan and said no talks can be held with it as long as mumbai attack mastermind zakiur rehman lakhvi was walking free.
it's something astonishing that india is projecting a tough stand against the perpetrators of the mumbai attack but somehow soft towards its national heroes.
why?
asked 64-year-old kalia, who retired as a senior scientist from the council of scientific and industrial research (csir).
is pakistan a friend or an enemy?
india is totally confused.
this is my personal experience for the past 16 years when i lost my son for the country's sake.
the previous manmohan singh government had clarified its stand in the supreme court in november 2013 that it will not treat kalia's torture by pakistani troops as a war crime.
the central government had filed its response in the case in the apex court, saying it had no intention of taking up the issue under the geneva convention.
kalia said the same stand was being pursued by the present bjp government, which before coming to power had projected itself to be tough against pakistan.
like its predecessor, the bjp government at the centre is soft.
this is amply reflected from minister of state for foreign affairs v.k. singh's reply to mp rajeev chandrashekhar's question in parliament, he said.
to chandrashekhar's query on whether the government proposed to take up kalia's torture with the international court of justice (icj), v.k. singh, himself a retired general and army chief, had recently replied: the attention of the international community has already been drawn to these heinous and barbaric acts of pakistan army, including through a statement to the un general assembly on september 22, 1999, and to the commission of human rights in april 2000.
the possibility of seeking legal remedies through the international courts was also thoroughly examined, but not found feasible, said v.k. singh in his reply, forwarded by chandrasekhar to kalia.
chandrasekhar also sought to plead the case with the un human rights council to declare the torture of captain saurabh kalia and five other soldiers, whom pakistani army captured with him, as a war crime.
the elderly kalia, settled in the tea garden town of palampur, about 220 km from state capital shimla, is pinning hopes on the supreme court where his petition has been listed for next hearing on august 25.
the apex court has asked the government to make its stand clear through an affidavit by the next date of hearing.
his plea is for issuing directions to the government that his son's torture by the pakistan army be referred to the international court of justice (icj).
captain saurabh kalia, of the 4 jat regiment, was the first indian army officer to report the incursion by the pakistan army on indian soil in kargil region.
he and five soldiers - arjun ram, bhanwar lal bagaria, bhika ram, moola ram and naresh singh - were on patrol at the bajrang post in kaksar sector of jammu and kashmir when they were taken captive by the pakistani army on may 15, 1999.
they were tortured for weeks before being killed.
their mutilated bodies were handed over to the indian authorities on june 9.
new delhi, aug 7, 2015 (pti) 18:06 istcongress should end tit for tat approach and allow the parliament to function for the remaining four sittings following the clarification by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on lalit modi issue, union minister m venkaiah naidu today said.
countering opposition attack over undemocratic action against 25 congress mps, the parliamentary affairs minister said the government was always ready to back revocation of their suspension but congress was unwilling to return to the house.
he, however, defended the action and said the speaker should have acted much earlier against the placard waving mps, as it was her responsibility to ensure proper functioning of the house.
responding to congress chief sonia gandhi's remarks calling the suspension of her party mps a black day, naidu questioned, but where were the white days during the current session?
.
do not hurt national interest, do not obstruct the progress of the country.
this is my earnest request.
i would expect shrimati sonia gandhi to seriously ponder over the issue after the clarification of sushmaswaraj ji and enable proper functioning of the parliament for at least the remaining four sittings, he said.
the union minister stressed that he was talking to various leaders in this regard and also spoke to senior congress leaders ghulam nabi azad and mallikharjuna kharge yesterday.
the government was always willing to move a motion as required under the rules of the house for revoking the suspension of the congress members from the lok sabha if only they were willing to assure the speaker of their cooperation in smooth functioning of the house, he said, adding that the congress was not willing to return to the house.
an untenable situation is prevailing in parliament.
congress is not concerned about political propriety but only keen about winning a political trophy.
.
.
a placard waving congress, bent on disrupting proceedings deserved suspension from the house.
.
.
speaker should have acted much earlier since it is her responsibility to ensure proper functioning of the house, naidu said.
his wife has been suffering from cancer for the last 17 years and it is the 10th time it has recurred.
.
.
i want to ask what sonia gandhi would have done had she been in my place.
would she have left her to die?
naidu also appealed to congress chief sonia gandhi to seriously introspect and return to lok sabha and allow normal functioning of parliament after swaraj has clarified her role in the matter of travel documents to lalit modi.
the minister said that had swaraj been allowed to present her version in parliament on the very first day of this session, the issue may have been resolved much earlier.
he said that rajya sabha saw order in the house for about just five minutes yesterday when the home minister was allowed to make a statement on the terrorist attack in jammu region.
it would have been better if it had been stretched longer for a detailed discussion to convey to the people that parliament was united on issues of national security, naidu said.
naidu expressed concern over the turn of events leading to the stalemate in parliament, saying parliamentary democracy in the country is at cross roads with the ruling alliance with a two-third majority in lok sabha not being allowed to enable legislations on important issues.
congress may be talking of gains for it from the suspension and the present stalemate in parliament and by seeking to put spanners in the functioning of government, but it should realise that it is actually hurting itself and the interests of the country and its people.
the approach of sacrificing one's two eyes for one of the rival is not wise.
it is time the tit for tat approach is brought to an end and parliament is allowed to function, he said.
noting that almost three weeks of this monsoon session have been adversely affected by the obstructionism, naidu questioned, what are the reasons and the consequences?
the kind of twisted tactics being adopted by the congress kill democracy.
what was the justification for enforcing such a stalemate in parliament?
.
a minister was denied an opportunity to present her view on the baseless, absurd allegations made against her.
all this due to juvenile politics.
congress is not at all interested in the gains of its disruptive strategy.
it is more interested in the damage that it can inflict on the modi government.
as long as it could hurt the modi government, congress is happy.
what it means is that to damage one eye of its opponent, congress is ready to sacrifice its two eyes, he said.
reading contents from various newspapers on the present state of affairs in parliament, naidu said they are only representative samples of widespread concern being voiced every day since the beginning of this session.
he said that the government was keen about suspended congress mps returning to the house and was willing to persuade the speaker.
but the broad question is whether the congress is willing to return to the house and willing to be persuaded to allow the house to function?
, he said.
new delhi/srinagar, dec 14, 2015, pti: 22:38 isttwo hardliner hurriyat conference leaders today met pakistan high commissioner abdul basit in delhi and told him that islamabad should maintain consistency and firmness over its kashmir policy.
they also emphasised that pakistan should play an active role in highlighting the human rights violations in jammu and kashmir at international fora.
a hurriyat delegation sent by chairman syed ali geelani today held a detailed meeting for one-and-a-half hours with pakistan high commissioner abdul basit in new delhi.
they held a detailed discussion over the recent meeting of indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan rulers on the occasion of asia heart conference in islamabad and also discussed the kashmir policy there, hurriyat spokesman ayaz akbar said in a statement in srinagar.
after swaraj met pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and other leaders, the two countries decided to engage in a comprehensive bilateral dialogue covering kashmir and other bilateral issues.
the two-member hurriyat delegation comprised geelani's personal secretary peer saifullah and chief organiser of the amalgam altaf ahmad shah, he said, adding deputy high commissioner and the other officials in the pakistani mission were also present.
the hurriyat delegation handed them a message of geelani that pakistan should continue to maintain consistency and firmness over its kashmir policy and play an active role in highlighting the human rights violations in jammu and kashmir at international forums, akbar said.
the delegation also apprised the pakistan high commissioner about the present situation in kashmir, he added.
help to lalit modi had 'consent and knowledge' of pm: azadnew delhi, jun 19, 2015 (pti) 19:30 istthe congress today carried its attack on prime minister narendra modi to a new level saying whatever help was extended to tainted former ipl chief lalit modi to stay out of the country and avoid facing enforcement agencies was done with his consent and knowledge.
the party also warned that there will be no transaction of business during the forthcoming monsoon session of parliament if external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are not made to quit.
i think this (bjp defence of raje and swaraj) is a blunder the prime minister has done by extending support to these leaders.
this cover up is now going to cost him heavily.
the focus will now shift from swaraj and raje to the prime minister itself.
this clearly indicates that whatever help was extended to lalit modi to stay out of the country and not face law enforcement agencies was with the consent and knowledge of the prime minister, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad told pti.
he was replying to a question on bjp defence today of swaraj and raje for their role in helping tainted former ipl chief lalit modi in staying in britain after maintainiung two days of studied silence.
had it not been so, he would have and he should have taken the action by now, the senior congress leader said.
cm's son rakesh dies of multiple organ failurebengaluru, jul 31, 2016, dhns 3:09 istfinal rites in mysuru taluk tomorrowchief minister siddaramaiahs eldest son rakesh, who was being treated for acute pancreatitis at antwerp university hospital in belgium, died of multiple organ failure on saturday.
the chief ministers office (cmo) confirmed the news of his death at around 4 pm.
thirty-nine-year-old rakesh, who had celebrated his birthday on july 13, is survived by wife, son and daughter.
the chief ministers family will fly back with the body to mysuru in a special aircraft on sunday evening or monday morning.
rakeshs last rites will be held in t katuru in mysuru taluk on monday.
rakesh, who was touring belgium with five friends, is learnt to have developed abdominal pain on july 22.
on the following day, after he fell unconscious, his friends admitted him to a local hospital and subsequently informed the chief minister about his critical condition.
siddaramaiah had sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs help to get prompt medical assistance in that country.
following this, indias ambassador to the european union, belgium and luxembourg, manjeev singh puri, had facilitated rakeshs treatment at antwerp university hospital in brussels.
according to the cmo, rakesh had been suffering from pancreatic complications ever since his near-fatal motorcycle accident in 2001.
he is learnt to have been hospitalised three months ago for a week.
sources said rakesh had to undergo two surgeries in belgium, following which he had been put on a ventilator in the intensive care unit.
while siddaramaiah flew into belgium on july 28, his wife parvathi reached there the following day.
siddaramaiahs younger son yathindra, rakeshs wife swathi and two family doctors had flown in earlier in the week.
before leaving, siddaramaiah had said, he is a little critical, but stable.
he is responding to treatment, he had said on july 27.
siddaramaiah had political ambitions for rakesh, who was to contest the next assembly elections from varuna constituency in mysuru district.
govt launches portal 'madad' to redress consular grievancesnew delhi, feb 21, 2015, (pti): 17:05 istindian citizens living abroad will now be able to file consular grievances online as the government today launched an e-portal to address such complaints promptly with a high degree of accountability.
the portal 'madad' (help) was launched at the mea headquarters here by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said the grievance monitoring facility would enhance accessibility for people and fix greater accountability and responsibility on officials.
among the chief characteristics of 'madad' are to speed up forwarding and handling of complaints, improve tracking and redressal and escalate unresolved cases.
after registering, the complainant can log in and file his or her complaints, and the entire history of that grievance would be maintained online.
the authorities would be assigned responsibility through a colour-coded dashboard that would change colour if the response in not given in a stipulated time, a senior official of the mea said.
the official said that maximum priority would be given to cases related to bringing back mortal remains of any national.
the colour code system will follow red-amber-green pattern, ie, missions performing well in redressing grievances would be in 'green', while say those keeping inordinately pending cases would show as 'red'.
also, when the colour code changes, it will escalate the case to higher authorities and the entire history can later be accessed by the complainant in a summary or detailed format, the official added.
all the stakeholders, in this consular grievance monitoring, are tightly linked to the portal, including missions and posts abroad and mea's branch secretariats in chennai, guwahati, hyderabad and kolkata, he added.
the plan is also to have a call centre linked to the ministry of overseas indian affairs.
besides, we are also currently working on a mobile application to let people use the system on the go, he said.
delhi's hands tied over iraqnew delhi, june 28, 2014, dhns: 2:54 istgovernment reiterates hostages are unharmedthe volatile security situation in the conflict zones of iraq is holding india back from launching any major operation to evacuate its nationals from the west asian country.
but prime minister narendra modi wants the government to be seen standing by the indians stranded there.
the 39 kidnapped indians are yet to be released although 10 days have passed since new delhi confirmed that they had been abducted.
the government, however, reiterated on saturday that they remained unharmed, despite being held hostage.
none of the 46 indian nurses stranded in tikrit could be evacuated, although gun battle purportedly escalated in its vicinity, with the iraqi army trying to dislodge militants of the islamic state of iraq and levant (isil) to regain control of the city.
the prime ministers office (pmo) prodded the ministry of external affairs (mea) to do all it can to help those who are in relatively safer places.
the push from the pmo is apparently aimed at insulating the government from criticism from opposition in parliament during the budget session, which is set to commence on july 7 next.
modis office nudged the mea to send more officials from its missions in other countries in the region to iraq in order to supplement efforts of the indian embassy in baghdad to assist indians, particularly those who are away from the conflict zones, but want to return home.
the indian navy has deployed its warship ins mysore in the persian gulf to help evacuate indians, if necessary.
the indian air force has kept its large transport aircraft ready as well.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has summoned indias envoys to the gulf countries for a meeting in new delhi on sunday to discuss the escalating conflict and its implications in the region.
they will also explore options to secure release of the kidnapped indians as well as to evacuate other citizens from elsewhere in iraq.
indias ambassador to iraq and envoys to bahrain, kuwait, qatar, united arab emirates, oman and saudi arabia will attend.
they will also later meet the gulf nations envoys to india to seek assistance of the governments of those countries.
reddy brothers arrive in delhilast updated: 28 may, 2011new delhi, may 28, (dhns): 0:54 istthe three reddy brothers of bellary are said to have arrived in delhi but the reason behind their visit could not be confirmed.
while karnataka tourism minister janardhan reddy arrived here on friday, his brothersrevenue minister karunakara reddy and mla somashekhara reddylanded on saturday.
their visit triggered interest as it was timed around the publication of the excerpts of an interview of their godmother and bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj who sought to put the blame on her colleague arun jaitley for the growth of the mining magnates.
however, sources said the visit had nothing to do with the swaraj remarks as the visit was scheduled earlier.
meanwhile, in an apparent snub to swaraj, party chief nitin gadkari said the bjp follows democratic procedure of government formation in states when it is voted to power.
the party leader is elected by the bjp legislature party in the presence of a team of central observers.
the chief minister, in exercise of his constitutional prerogative, forms his cabinet in consultation with the party's central and state leadership, gadkari said.
sushma swaraj seeks details about sydney hostage takingnew delhi, dec 15, 2014, ians: 11:43 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday sought details of a hostage taking incident in sydney and has spoken to the indian envoy in australia.
according to sources, the minister spoke to indian high commissioner biren nanda about the unfolding drama in a sydney cafe where a gun-wielding man has taken over 30 people hostage.
according to new south wales (nsw) police, a gunman took customers hostage at the lindt chocolat cafe in martin place.
nsw deputy commissioner catherine burn tweeted that three hostages have emerged from the cafe.
the indian consulate office in sydney and the staff have been safely evacuated, it was reported.
it is not yet known if there are any indians inside the cafe.
ministry of external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin tweeted: in case of queries about indian nationals following events in sydney contact viond bahade dy consul general at phone +61 481 453550.
cong member bangs placard on speaker's table,suspended for daynew delhi, jul 27 (pti) 19:01 istcongress member adhir ranjan chowdhury, who created a flutter today by banging a placard on the speaker sumitra mahajan's table, was suspended by her for the rest of the day amid continued protest in the lok sabha over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam.
chowdhury was proceeded against despite his 'unqualified' apology and pleas by congress and other opposition parties not to single out one member for the problem which their members said was political and needed a political solution.
observing that the apology tendered by chowdhury for his regrettable action was not from his heart, mahajan asked him to withdraw from the house for the day's session.
on her request, bjp member arjun ram meghwal, who had moved a motion for chowdhury's suspension for the rest of the session, withdrew his motion.
amidst the din, when mahajan said even the congress leaders had not objected to chowdhury's action, congress president sonia gandhi, who was sitting in the front row, was heard saying why should i?
soon after chowdhury moved out of the house, several members from congress and other parties entered the well demanding, among other things, the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh, leading to its adjournment for the day.
the problem in the lok sabha, which was witnessing unruly scenes, aggravated with an agitated chowdhury banging his placard on the table of the speaker, prompting her to abruptly adjourn the house for an hour at 3 p.
m.
he banged his placard when aiadmk's j t natterjee was participating in a discussion on the delhi high court (amendment) bill, 2015, amid continued slogan-shouting by congress members.
soon after the house reassembled, mahajan lamented the 'improper' behaviour of chowdhury saying it amounted to insulting the chair.
she also 'named' chowdhury.
in the melee, meghwal moved the motion seeking suspension of the chowdhury for the rest of the session for showing disrespect to the chair.
coming to chowdhury's defence, trinamool congress member saugata roy said it was wrong to single out chowdhury for punishment and requested her not to pursue with the motion to suspend him.
mahajan responded by saying that members were continuing to show placards despite her repeated requests and warnings to bring order in the house for the past two days.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said no body can disrespect the chair and recalled how several members were suspended in the earlier lok sabha for not allowing the house to function.
he further said the government, which has got a massive mandate from the people, was not being allowed to function by the opposition parties.
we are ready for discussion, but they are only disrupting the house, he added.
mahajan on her part said, i am naming chowdhury for his action, adding that it was not a question of individual but that of the chair.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge said there was no intention to insult the speaker but added that there were issues over which the members were agitated and the government needed to address them.
he further said that chowdhury should be given an opportunity to apologise.
expressing unqualified apology for his action, chowdhury said he had been member in several terms and had never shown any disrespect to the chair.
i don't have the audacity to disrespect you.
you are the custodian of the house and all of us.
.
.
i regret and i tender unqualified apology to you, he said.
mahajan, however, was not impressed and said you don't tender an apology with a sword in your hand.
chowdhury said, i have begged unqualified.
what else do you want?
i don't want anything else, she said and asked him to leave the house for the day.
chowdhury moved out of the house, but not before thanking roy and other members for their support.
not a day of politics, will talk tomorrow: rahul on pm speechnew delhi, aug 15, 2015, pti: 11:50 istcongress president sonia gandhi and her deputy rahul gandhi today refrained from commenting on prime minister narendra modi's independence day speech, with the party vice president saying it is not a day of politics.
today is not a day of politics.
we will talk tomorrow, he merely said, when asked by reporters on his reaction to the prime minister address on independence day.
sonia gandhi too steered clear of any questions and merely greeted reporters on independence day.
they were interacting with the media after the congress president unfurled the national flag at the aicc headquarters.
in his address to the nation, the prime minister, while underlining india's unity and diversity, said the poison of casteism and communal frenzy have no place and asserted that steps taken by his government in the last 15 months to deal with the termite of corruption had started yielding results.
there is a lot of talk in our country about corruption.
it is like a sick person giving suggestions to others on how to remain healthy, there are people who are themselves corrupt, who give suggestions on how to deal with corruption, he said.
at the flag hoisting at aicc headquarters, former prime minister manmohan singh, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, p chidambaram and several party leaders including general secretary janardhan dwivedi, gurudas kamat, c p joshi were present.
after the unfurling of the flag, the congress chief distributed sweets to children.
rahul gandhi is leading the congress campaign against the government on the lalit modi controversy and vyapam issues in which it is seeking the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan.
many questions about operationsnew delhi, jan 07, 2016, dhns 0:56 istpathankot attack: once battle began, the command changed thricefrom missing hours to the command failure, questions were raised on the success of the pathankot operation, more than 24 hours after terrorists were gunned down inside the air station.
as prime minister narendra modi reviewed the consequences of the terror attack with his cabinet colleagues rajnath singh, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj, there are several gaps that need to be closed for an accurate reconstruction of the chain of events leading to the terror attack and proper analysis of the strike back by security agencies.
the presence of terrorists on the indian soil was established around 12.
30 am on january 1 when they made the first phone call to pakistan.
the attack on the base came almost 26 hours later, raising questions on where did the terrorists hide for an entire day carrying almost 40 kg of bullets along with several kg of rdx, guns and grenades.
also it is anybodys guess on what steps the punjab police took after its top officials were informed by the abducted sp salwinder singh about the terrorists.
the sp himself is under investigation by the national investigation agency.
how the terrorists managed to enter the highly guarded air base and why they were not stopped on the roads are two key questions.
the army cant do the civil duty.
it cant stop people on the road, defence minister manohar parrikar stated at pathankot on tuesday, giving an indirect hint to what the punjab police should have done after receiving the alerts several hours in advance.
once the operations began, the command changed thrice within a short time  from an army brigadier to a major general in the national security guards and then to a air marshal of the indian air force.
also the director general of the nsg and a deputy inspector general of the border security force landed in pathankot, adding to the command confusion.
with questions on the command confusion and why the army was given a secondary role being discussed in the capital, the military has come out on record denying absence of synergy.
parrikar, however, stated at pathankot that he advised the army and nsg to carry out for training exercises together.
a well coordinated effort by all security agencies including the army, nsg, local police and iaf succeeded in neutralising the terrorists, says a statement from the iaf on wednesday.
there was excellent synergy among agencies in this operation, said lt gen k j singh, western army commander.
many retired military officers, however, felt otherwise.
suspicion over punjab sps abduction claimsthere is an air of suspicion in the testimony of superintendent of police (sp) sulwinder singh that he was abducted by terrorists and later freed before the pathankot terror attack, dhns reports from chandigarh.
as a result, the national investigation agency(nia) is still unsure if he is a crucial witness in the terror strike in pathankot, a whistle-blower or even a possible suspect.
the nia has been questioning him for long hours.
he was taken around on wednesday by a team of nia to reconstruct the crime scene.
for now, the nia is finding inconsistencies in the version of the sp, who is also facing a sexual harassment complaint by some of his juniors.
the abduction episode leaves many questions unanswered.
modi's ministers to criss-cross the globenew delhi, sep 11, 2016 (pti) 19:40 istministers of the modi government will criss-cross the globe in the next three months as part of an outreach programme that will cover 68 countries to achieve the target of nda ministers having visited all the 192 nations with which india has diplomatic relations.
home minister rajnath singh will travel to hungary, which is among the countries not visited by any minister in the modi government.
apart from singh, law minister ravi shankar prasad will visit estonia and latvia and chemical and fertiliser affairs minister ananth kumar will be heading to tongo, while bjp ally lok janshakti party leader and food minister ram vilas paswan has been assigned to travel to mauritius.
the entire exercise is likely to be over by the year end.
she has also conveyed that all the interactions in the visiting countries will be arranged by the respective ambassadors and, in case a minister was interested in visiting certain places in those countries, their itinerary will be made accordingly.
the aim of the visits, which is part of government's massive outreach programme, is to enhance bilateral ties and explore areas of cooperation, official sources said.
uzma ahmed, the indian woman who claimed she was forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint earlier this month returned home on thursday, following the intervention of the indian high commission in islamabad.
her return was made possible because of an order from the islamabad high court, which asked the pakistan administration to facilitate her travel to india and ordered the police to accompany her up to wagha border.
soon after crossing over, she touched the indian soil.
later she was received at the ministry of external affairs in the national capital.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thanked pakistan administration and judiciary for supporting uzma in her legal battle.
the minister also thanked justice mohsin akhtar kayani for considering the case on a humanitarian ground without resorting to politics.
as she narrated her horror stories in front of the media in delhi, uzma broke down.
pakistan is a well of death.
its easy to go to pakistan but difficult to return.
i am happy to breath in india.
i am an orphan, this is the first time i realise that my life is valuable, she said holding back the tears.
in her twenties uzma, who has a daughter from her earlier marriage, had travelled to pakistan earlier this month on vacation.
the visit happened after tahir ali, a pakistani national, whom she reportedly met in malaysia and fell in love with, sponsored her.
uzma said ali forced her into marrying him in pakistan on may 3 in a village in buner district in khyber-pakhtunkhwa province.
but after the marriage she was harassed, intimidated and tortured.
it was a strange village, which was once ruled by the taliban.
everyone has multiple wives and guns at home.
it was very difficult to come out of that place, she said.
the girl, who hails from delhi, somehow managed to convince her husband to take her to the indian high commission in the pretext of extending her visa.
at the high commission, she disclosed her identity, narrated her story and sought help.
she told me and the deputy high commissioner j p singh that if we didn't allow her to stay, she would commit suicide, but would not go back to tahir.
we housed her, swaraj recalled.
subsequently, the high commission got in touch with the pakistan government and a petition was filed in the court on behalf of uzma on may 12 to counter the petition from tahir.
the two petitions were heard together and the judge decided in favour of her deportation to india on wednesday.
bjp tells mps to reach out with central schemesnew delhi, april 17, 2015, dhns: 1:56 istthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) will engage its mps in a workshop a day before parliament resumes on tuesday, in order to counter the perception that the nda government is pro-corporate and anti-farmer.
prime minister narendra modi will suggest party mps ways to reach out to people on central schemes for the poverty-stricken.
interestingly, the congress is holding a rally opposing the land acquisition ordinance the same day.
the bjp workshopgarib kalyan yojnaye: its effective implementation and role of mpat parliament's balayogi auditorium will focus on the government's welfare schemes meant for the poor and how to publicise them.
the conference, being organised with the help of rambhau mhalagi prabodhini, will also focus on the role of mps in executing and following up on programmes to achieve their intended results, said the bjp.
since occupying power last may, modi has been advocating the spreading of the word about the governments initiatives by mps to satisfy voters high expectations on the party's electoral promises.
modi also believes mps can be an effective tool to counter opposition propaganda.
while modi will open the workshop, bjp president amit shah will deliver the signing-off speech and senior leaders such as sushmaswaraj swaraj and thawar chand gehlot will address intervening sessions.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu will give a presentation on countering what government sources have called the opposition-fuelled perception that the centre was anti-poor.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will talk on development agenda: its social dimension, while rambhau mhalagi prabodhini director general vinay shastrabudhe will make a presentation on several welfare schemes launched by different ministries.
nizamuddin clerics return home, disappearance remains mysterynew delhi, mar 20, 2017, pti 22:30 istindian clerics, syed asif nizami, the head priest of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah, and his nephew nazim ali nizami, who went missing in pakistan last week, arrived at the igi airport in new delhi on monday.
pti photothe head priest of hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who along with another cleric had gone missing in pakistan for days, returned home today with their disappearance still shrouded in mystery amid reports they had been picked up by the isi.
80-year-old syed asif nizami, the chief priest of the sufi shrine and his nephew nazim ali nizami flew back by a pakistan international airlines flight and met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had taken up their case with pakistan prime minister's adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz.
though the two clerics did not divulge much about what happened during this period, asif nizami, however said, he was blindfolded and taken to some undisclosed place.
i was sitting at the lahore airport, carrying my boarding pass when suddenly some people came and told me there were some details lacking in my passport.
when the flight was about to depart, i was asked to accompany them.
i felt helpless.
soon 8-10 people surrounded me and i was taken out through another gate, he said.
asif nizami said they put a cloth over my head and took us somewhere.
he, however, said the stay was comfortable and the room he was kept in had bed, pillows and an ac.
union ministers of state m j akbar and v k singh, besides foreign secretary s jaishankar were present when the clerics met swaraj.
both the clerics briefly met reporters here but did not throw much light on their disappearance last wednesday.
while asif nizami had gone missing from karachi airport, his nephew nazim disappeared from lahore airport before news broke on saturday that they had been traced.
however, sajid nizami, son of asif nizami, alleged that the duo was taken away after a news report appeared in a karachi-based urdu daily which claimed they had links with indian external intelligence agency raw.
on reports that both of them could not be contacted as they were in interior sindh where there was no communication network, nazim ali nizami strongly rejected the claim.
we did not have visa for sindh interior region, so how could we have gone there?
the reports that we could not be contacted because of network issues is totally false, nazim told reporters.
on whether they were detained by pakistani authorities, sajid said, yes.
when asked if isi was involved in their disappearance and whether they were harassed, sajid said no force or coercion was used against them.
after meeting swaraj, nazim ali nizami thanked the indian government, particularly the minister, for their safe return and said they had gone to the neighbouring country with a message of peace and love.
we were not among those who were involved in any illegal activities.
we had gone to pakistan to spread the message of love and peace.
some people may not have liked our message.
i will again go to pakistan with greater resolve, he said.
nizami also thanked the pakistan government for the cooperation extended by it to enable their return.
pakistani newspaper ummat had in a report claimed that the clerics worked for raw and muttahida qaumi movement (mqm) movement, an organisation of muslims who had migrated to pakistan from india during partition.
the mqm has been often locked in confrontation with the pakistani establishment.
the two clerics were given a warm welcome on their return to the dargah and special prayers were offered to thank the almighty for their safe return.
two two clerics had gone to lahore on march 8 but went missing last week following which india took up the issue with islamabad.
the main purpose of the visit of asif to pakistan was to see his 90-year-old sister in karachi.
on saturday, pakistan had conveyed to india that the clerics had been traced and had reached karachi.
some pakistani media reports had said the two had been in interior sindh where there was no communication network and that was why they could not inform their relatives about their whereabouts.
earlier, pakistani sources had said they were in the custody of pakistan's intelligence agency over their alleged links with mqm.
when asked as to why they were interrogated, nazim said they were asked about their visa and other immigration details.
we thank union home minister rajnath singh and swaraj and well wishers from all religions who prayed for our return, nazim said.
speaking at the first first ministerial meeting of the arab-india cooperation forum which she described as a turning point in india's ties with the arab world, she made a strong pitch for delinking religion from terrorism, saying the only distinction is between those who believe in humanity and those who do not.
she cited india's model of unity in diversity as an example for the world to counter indoctrination and radicalisation.
swaraj's citing of india's religious and cultural diversity at the world stage assumes significance as it comes in the backdrop of the intolerance debate that had raged recently in the country with many writers, artists and civil society members expressing alarm over the issue.
we in india have citizens who belong to every existing faith.
our constitution is committed to the fundamental principle of faith-equality: the equality of all faiths not just before the law but also in daily behaviour.
in every corner of my country, the music of the azaan welcomes the dawn, followed by the chime of a hanuman temple's bells, followed by the melody of the guru granth sahib being recited by priests in a gurdwara, followed by the peal of church bells every sunday, she said.
this philosophy is not just a construct of our constitution, adopted in 1950; it is the essence of our ancient belief that the world is family, she asserted.
swaraj, in her speech, also quoted from the quran, saying that faith harmony is the message of the holy quran as well.
i will quote only two verses: la ikra fi al deen (let there be no compulsion in religion) and la qum deen o qum wa il ya deen (your faith for you, and my faith for me), she said in her address to the key arab nations.
she stressed that dangers of radicalisation and indoctrination cannot be ignored.
we have seen repeatedly that terrorism does not respect national borders.
the only antidote to this violent philosophy is the path of peace, tolerance and harmony, a path that was illustrated centuries ago by buddha and mahavira and which was taken into the modern age by the father of our nation mahatma gandhi.
as he famously said, 'an eye for an eye ends up making the whole world blind', she said.
swaraj's strong push for anti-terror cooperation comes at a time when there have been a spate of terror attacks across the globe from the paris carnage and the pathankot airbase assault to the blasts in indonesia as terrorism has risen as one of the most significant challenges of the world.
as the spectre of terrorism and religious hatred raises its ugly head across the world, particularly in those cherished cities of history, it is time once again to reach back in time and redeem the essence of our civilisational spirit.
she stressed on the need for equally addressing the violence in our minds, a poison that has been spread by terror groups, harnessing the power of modern technology and social media platforms to infect our youth  those ideologies and beliefs that regard ones own brother as a stranger, ones own mother as accurssed.
we should not underestimate the power of this illusion, clothed in a false interpretation of faith, she asserted.
swaraj also highlighted the importance of the passage of the comprehensive convention on international terrorism in the united nations, saying it will remove a significant lacuna in the global communitys fight against this menace.
but not only do we need to condemn all acts of terrorism but we need to join hands regionally and globally to remove the scourge of terrorism completely, she said.
stating that today's meeting marked a turning point for india-arab relations, she said that nations were experiencing a major turning point in history as well when the forces of terrorism and violent extremism are seeking to destabilise societies and inflict incalculable damage to cities, people and the very social fabric.
ever since the nda government assumed office in 2014, we have paid special attention to our ties with the arab world and we have also had extensive engagements with various high level visits, she said and referred to prime minister narendra modi's path-breaking visit to the uae, the first by an indian prime minister to the country in 34 years.
for so long, the ties that bind india and the arab world have provided prosperity, enhanced wisdom and enriched our civilisations.
today, we have the opportunity of translating the vision of india-arab solidarity into concrete avenues of cooperation, she said.
act against land mafia, say krrsmysuru, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:13 istdemanding fulfillment of various demands and a check on the capitation menace in private colleges, members of karnataka rajya raitha sangha and dalit sangarsha samithi staged a protest in front of the deputy commissioners office, here, on monday.
the protestors, lead by mla k s puttannaiah, alleged that the land revenue act was being repeatedly violated in the district.
agricultural lands are being handed over to capitalists, while government lands, farmers lands and lands allotted for dalits were disappearing.
the land mafia is taking over mysuru district.
the state government should take steps to check it, they said.
recalling the recent suicide of a farmer in belgavi, they said, sugar factories are yet to pay huge arrears to farmers.
this has forced some farmers to take the drastic step.
the government should announce rs 10 lakh as compensation, they demanded.
the protesters alleged that the capitation menace has become a burden on parents.
the policies of the managements of the colleges have robbed the poor and meritorious students of good education.
yet, the officials concerned have not taken any steps against them, they complained.
resignation demandeddemanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, members of the national student union of india, staged a protest at gandhi chowk, during the day.
the protestors said, sushmaswaraj has misused power by facilitating lalit modi, who is facing criminal charges in connection with the indian premier league.
contrary to her justification that she has taken the decision on humanitarian grounds, they alleged that the minister would have some vested interests.
they urged prime minister narendra modi to seek sushmas resignation and initiate a probe into the issue.
state bjp chief may go to delhi for talks on bsybangalore, july 9, 2013, dhns: 0:07 istthe bjp central leadership is likely to summon its state president, pralhad joshi, to new delhi next week for a discussion on persistent demands by a section in the party to bring ex-chief minister and kjp chief b s yeddyurappa back to the party.
bjp leaders, led by leader of the opposition in the legislative council d v sadananda gowda, had met party president rajnath singh in the national capital on monday and briefed him about the importance of bringing back yeddyurappa into the party ahead of the lok sabha polls.
gowda was accompanied by former ministers basavaraj bommai, aravind limbavali and umesh katti, former speaker k g bopaiah, mp g m siddesh among others.
they also met senior leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
party insiders said that the central leadership is keen to seek first hand information on the mood in the party from the state president.
in june, the central leadership had sent to bangalore thawarchand gehlot, party general secretary incharge of karnataka, to seek opinion from various groups in the party.
gehlot had maintained that yeddyurappa has to make the first move to return to the party.
there has not been much forward movement since then.
the kjp leaders will meeting in bangalore on thursday to discuss their next political move.
indians in iraq locatednew delhi, june 19, 2014, dhns 2:17 isthostages' early return difficult, says baghdadthe iraqi government has pinpointed the location of 40 indians and hostages from a few other countries who have been held captive after they were kidnapped from the jihadist-held city of mosul in the northern region of the west asian country.
while conveying to new delhi about the location, baghdad, however, did not immediately raise hope for early return of the hostages, as the place they are held captive is no longer under the control of prime minister nouri al-malikis government.
after meeting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, gurpinder kaur, sister of abductee majinder singh, said her brother had told her over phone that the kidnappers had assured them of safe return to india.
however, lack of proper travel documents could pose a problem.
new delhi, meanwhile, stepped up its efforts to get in touch with the kidnappers to secure the release of the hostages.
we are making all-out efforts to ensure that all indians return safely.
we are leaving no stone unturned.
we are contacting whosoever needs to be contacted and we have activated all channels.
we guarantee that we will bring them back the moment the situation takes on a semblance of normalcy, she said after meeting punjab chief minister parkash singh badal and family members of some of the abductees.
the 40 indians were employed by the tariq nur al huda company and were working at a construction site in mosul, which fell to the advancing jihadists of the islamic state of iraq and syria (isis)  an offshoot of the al-qaeda  early on june 9.
it is, however, still not clear if the isis is directly linked to the hostage situation.
suresh reddy, who was indias envoy to iraq till recently, reached baghdad early on thursday to help his successor ajay kumar to deal with the situation.
india said on friday it was ready to help myanmar for the safe, speedy and sustainable return of tens of thousands of displaced rohingya muslims who fled to bangladesh following a military crackdown, triggering one of the world's worst refugee crises.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj discussed with myanmar's top leadership, including state counsellor aung san suu kyi, the issues related to rakhine state, where violence erupted in august 2016 when the military intensified the crackdown against alleged militant outfits of rohingya muslims, sparking a mass exodus of refugees.
an estimated 7,00,000 rohingya muslims have fled rakhine state since the military crackdown, resulting in a major crisis in neighbouring bangladesh.
swaraj, who arrived here yesterday on a two-day visit, reiterated india's readiness and commitment to help myanmar in addressing issues related to rakhine state, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
she welcomed myanmar government's continued commitment to implementing the rakhine advisory commission's recommendations and noted that under the aegis of the bilateral rakhine state development programme, india was already in the implementation stages of various projects that would respond to the needs of different sections of the rakhine state population, it said.
the first major project is the construction of prefabricated housing in rakhine state to meet the needs of displaced persons, the statement quoted her as saying.
the minister also underlined the need for the safe, speedy and sustainable return of displaced persons to rakhine state, it said.
the un and the us have said the violence against rohingyas amounted to ethnic cleansing.
myanmar authorities have said that military crackdown against the rebels was aimed at rooting out rohingya militants who attacked police posts on the august 25.
according to the red cross estimates, only about 300,000 rohingya remain in the entire state.
myanmar and bangladesh have reached a deal on the return of hundreds of thousands of rohingyas that sidelined the un refugee agency.
according to the agreement, which was finalised in myanmar's capital nay pyi daw early last year, a two-year deadline has been set for the repatriation of the rohingyas.
bjp to rope in modi to win over middle class votersbangalore, march 20, 2013, dhns: 2:23 istthe state bjp is banking on the magic of narendra modi to boost its prospects in the may 5 assembly polls.
while the party is yet to finalise its campaign strategy, sources in the bjp said the gujarat chief minister will be invited for a series of whirlwind campaign tours across the state.
modi will also be addressing several rallies in key constituencies where the bjp needs a push to overcome the stiff competition from its opponents, the sources said.
the party wants to tap the admiration that modi draws especially among the middle class voters.
modis name will figure on the top of the bjps list of 50 star campaigners it will be submitting to the election commission of india (eci).
a senior leader pointed out that modis leadership qualities transcends caste and linguistic barriers.
however, it will be a litmus test for modi, whose entry into national politics is just a matter of time, whether he can convince those outside gujarat to vote for his party.
senior bjp leaders l k advani, rajnath singh, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj will be among the star campaigners.
on the day eci announced the election date, the state bjp put a united show patting itself for its government having completed its term.
all the top leaders of the state bjp  chief minister jagadish shettar, his predecessor d v sadananda gowda, party state president k s eshwarappa and deputy chief minister r asoka shared the dais to brief the media.
to a query, eshwarappa said the bjp will soon decide on other tainted legislators including s n krishnaiah setty, y sampangi and katta subramanya naidu.
the bjp central leadership would announce the name of the party state unit president in a couple of days.
the state bjp election committee will be meeting on march 23 to prepare its first list of candidates for approval by the party central leadership, shettar said.
according to bjp sources, the first list would contain 150 names and most of them would be sitting mlas.
the party on wednesday announced the constitution of its election manifesto committee.
the committee will be headed by mp from bangalore north d b chandre gowda.
to a query, shettar ruled out any pre-poll tie-up with the b sriramulus bsr congress.
rally from tomorrowthe bjp will launch its vijaya sankalpa yatre in mysore on friday morning, with shettar, eshwarappa and sadananda gowda offering pooja to goddess chamundeshwari.
nirani to join kjpthe bjp is observing the next move of some of the fence-sitters, who have been tilting either towards the congress or the kjp.
it is speculated that a couple of legislators including industries minister murugesh nirani would be joining the kjp this week.
it is learnt that nirani has already informed shettar about his decision.
another yeddyurappa loyalist m p renukacharya on wednesday said he would not quit the bjp.
some ministers, including basavaraj bommai and b n bache gowda, are understood to have been in touch with the congress.
'we do not want to become refugees in our own country'robert l sungte, aug 19 ,2012 dh news service 22:36 iston friday parliament spoke in one voice to calm panic-stricken north-easterners living in mainland cities.
as families watched the proceedings on television, many had tears running down their cheeks  a manifestation of the emotional angst of living in fear and possibly being tagged a refugee in ones own country.
homemaker partei said she could not control her tears when sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, made an emotional appeal to her countrymen to stand united and protect people from the north-east.
you should not go anywhere, this is your country, she said, feeling relieved that her feelings resonated in parliament, no less.
thousands like partei who have decided to stay back and hope that bangalore and other cities will see better days, even as many of their friends leave them behind in the rush to return to their native states.
these families, professionals and students hope the governments assurance on security is real.
they hope there is no animosity or bad blood floating around.
and they hope that their fellow citizens will stand by them during these tense times.
bangalore has been one of the favourite destinations of thousands of north-easterners, for education, work or simply to live.
many factors have contributed to this social phenomenon.
but bangalore might be losing its decades-old precious facet - its welcoming attitude towards migrants.
we have embraced the city as our own because of the unmatched friendly attitude of the local people not found anywhere in india and because of the climate.
but, these sudden rumours that we will be targeted after ramzan (august 20) has shocked us, said vanlallien, a pastor who has overseen his communitys welfare in bangalore for over two years.
many feel innocent people were targeted because of lack of communication and awareness about people of the north-east states.
the north-east region is divided into eight states and is home to hundreds of ethnic tribes.
but it appears that their diversity is not appreciated elsewhere - and their distinct looks led them to be branded as all being part of one clan.
why should people of manipur, meghalaya, tripura, mizoram, arunachal pradesh and sikkim be attacked for violence in assam?
randolf, a student leader asked, referring to the bodo-muslim clashes in largest state of his region.
we never hurt anyone or any community in our state.
similar views were echoed by leaders of several north-east communities.
meets cancelledapprehensions of what could happen next remains a big concern specially for the student community.
almost all the students organisations have either postponed or cancelled their annual freshers meets and socials, usually held in august around independence day.
we called off our annual freshers meet scheduled for august 18.
however, we have appealed to our members not to panic, said william p, information secretary of a students association.
however, on friday indigenous assamese muslims clarified in guwahati that they were not targeted by bodo tribals.
people are hoping normalcy will return soon.
sadou asom gariya  moria desi jatiya parisad(sagmj), an influential body of about 25 lakh assamese muslims, held all india united democratic front (aiudf) chief badruddin ajmal responsible for north-east students and workers leaving maharastra, karnataka, andhra pradesh, tamil nadu and kerala.
sagmjp president sahiruddin ali ahmed said, ajmal said the clash in kokrajhar and chirang was between muslims and bodo tribals.
all muslims are not involved in the clash.
ajmal is trying to consolidate his political position by indulging in communal politics.
the all assam students union leaders who were present with sahiruddin ali ahmed said the bodos are fighting with bengali-speaking bangladeshi immigrants.
meanwhile, some incidents of ethnic and communal violence compounded the fear among north-easterners in bangalore.
if some people had the courage to attack us during broad daylight, one can imagine our feelings, said zari, a homemaker referring to the incidents.
fundamental righthowever, those resisting fleeing back to the north-east are doing so to make a point - they dont want to let divisive forces feel like theyve won.
and they dont want to feel victimised - given that it is a fundamental right to move freely and reside anywhere in india.
running away would bring smiles to fundamental forces.
we appeal to all bangaloreans to stand with us in this time of difficulty.
besides, we dont want to be refugees in our own country, said pranita, a sales girl.
celebrations at home on bengali techie's releasekolkata, dec 17, 2014, dhns: 0:36 istthe parents of pushpendu ghosh, one of the two indian hostages rescued from the sydney cafe, spent a sleepless night on monday.
the couple from balla in howrah did not have a moments respite till they spoke to their only son.
relief came as the elderly couple spoke to their son first thing on tuesday morning after he called from australia to say he was safe.
pushpendu is currently undergoing treatment for post traumatic stress disorder.
talking to reporters, pushpendus father, pushpal, said how the news of the siege of a cafe at sydney was not just another piece of international news for them.
pushpal first got to know about his sons situation after pushpendus employers called them up to apprise them of the situation.
though they assured that things are being taken care off, the couple remained glued to the television, following every bit of information.
while food was the last thing on their mind, anxious friends and neighbours also gathered at pushpals residence, praying for pushpendus safe return.
a sigh of relief waved through the house as news channels aired visuals of pushpendu and other hostages running out of the cafe, after australian security forces neutralised the gunman.
it was such a relief after a wait of about 12 hours.
around 8:45 pm we saw our son running out of the cafe.
security guards soon took him to a safe place.
that was enough for us.
he was out of the reach of the gunman, pushpal told a bengali news channel late on monday night.
while two calls from sydney soon after, one from pushpendus company and the other from a friend, confirmed the good news, further respite came as indian channels started airing news of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeting about the safe rescue of pushpendu and the other indian hostage, vishnukant ankireddy.
though they were yet to hear their sons voice, the celebrations had begun at home.
the relieved father told deccan herald that pushpendu works in sydney as project manager at westpac.
an engineer from shivaji university, maharashtra, pushpendu has been living in australia since 2009 and had an earlier stint at melbourne in 2007.
all indian embassy officials safe in sweden attack: swarajnew delhi, apr 7, 2017, pti: 22:56 ist'i am in touch with indian ambassador in sweden.
the attack was very close to indian embassy.
our embassy officials are safe,' swaraj tweeted after the attack in sweden in which at least two persons were killed.
i am in touch with indian ambassador in sweden.
the attack was very close to indian embassy.
our embassy officials are safe, swaraj tweeted after the attack in sweden in which at least two persons were killed.
indians in stockholm : please note the emergency number: 0768982764, counsellor : 0734262097, she said in another tweet.
a large beer truck crashed into an upscale department store in central stockholm today, killing at least two people, according to swedish prime minister stefan lofven, who called the crash a terror attack.
new delhi, dec 6, 2016 (pti) 17:12 istan indian man who had walked a distance of 1,000 km over a period of two years to attend court proceedings in dubai just to obtain a flight ticket to home has been brought back.
we have brought him back to india and sent him to his village.
he went up and down to the court 20 times over a year.
that made it 1000 km, swaraj tweeted.
the external affairs minister, undergoing treatment at aiims for kidney failure, last week had sought a report from indian consulate in dubai following media reports about selvaraj.
a bus trip to the court in karama area costs a few dirhams, but selvaraj did not have money to travel by bus and was forced to spend two hours for a one-way trip and another two hours for the return journey after every court hearing.
selvaraj, braving traffic, heat and sandstorms, had walked for a total of around 1,000 kilometre to attend the labour court proceedings.
he has been living in a public park in sonapur for several months.
krishna launches campaign in bangalore centralbangalore, april 2, 2014, dhns: 1:44 istenthusiastic congress workers burst crackers, beat drums and showered rose petals as former external affairs minister s m krishna hit the campaign trail in bangalore central lok sabha constituency on wednesday.
accompanied by state congress chief g parameshwara, ministers roshan baig, ramalinga reddy and dinesh gundu rao, krishna took part a roadshow in an open jeep at sampangiramnagar seeking votes for party candidate rizwan arshad.
he waved to the crowd as the party workers shouted slogans in favour of the congress.
the congress leaders campaigned on the streets of sampangiramnagar (near kanteerava stadium) for close to an hour.
hundreds of party workers, including women and youth, took part in the roadshow.
as krishna passed through the narrow lanes, the congress workers showered rose petals from atop highrise buildings to welcome their leader.
he, however, did not make a speech during the hustings.
the 81-year-old congress stalwart, who is maintaining a low profile ever since he resigned as the external affairs minister, decided to campaign for the party across the state after chief minister siddaramaiah and parameshwara requested him recently.
he will also campaign in his home district mandya, where his followers are at loggerheads with the supporters of housing minister h m ambarish.
opinion polls will go wrongearlier addressing the media, krishna said all opinion polls would be proved wrong once the election results are out on may 16 and the congress will return to power at the centre.
all opinion polls are against the congress.
we are used to this.
you (the media) console yourself when the results are out, he said.
on the bjp's claim of a narendra modi wave in the country, he said it was a created wave and not a natural one.
the country had seen waves in favour indira gandhi in 1971 and rajiv gandhi in 1984.
those were the natural waves that emanated from the hearts of the people, he said.
he hit at out modi saying that there was a veneer of dictatorship in the bjp.
a number of senior leaders such as l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, murli manohar joshi and jaswant singh, who built the party, have been sidelined, he said.
ap govt urges swaraj to take steps for release of indiansnew delhi, jul 31, 2015 (pti) 15:24 istandhra pradesh government today urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to expedite steps for safe return of four indians, including two persons from hyderabad and srikakulam, who were abducted in libya.
in a letter to swaraj, andhra pradesh government's special representative in delhi k rama mohana rao said that four people including two professors, balaram of srikakulam in andhra pradesh and gopi krishna from hyderabad, were abducted on july 29 and held hostage by an unknown group.
i request your good self to instruct the officials of the indian embassy at tripoli, libya and to interact with the government authorities at libya to assist and extend full cooperation for the safe return of the indian hostages including those from andhra pradesh, rao said.
he sought expeditious action for the safe release of indian hostages in libya.
rao also spoke to rashid khan, charge d'affaires at the indian embassy at libya and learnt about the situation on the ground, a statement from his office here said.
he requested the authorities there to provide necessary help for ensuring safe release of the kidnapped persons.
four indian teachers, who were returning to india from tripoli and tunis, have been abducted in libya, allegedly by the islamic state terror group (is).
they were detained at a check point, about 50 km from sirte.
the area is under the control of the terror outfit.
will take up fishermen community's concerns with pm: gadkarinew delhi, nov 5, 2014, pti: 15:15 istunion minister nitin gadkari today said that he will meet prime minister narendra modi to convey the concerns expressed by the fishermen community over death penalty awarded by a sri lankan court to five indian fishermen for alleged drug trafficking.
they (the fishermen community) have expressed their sentiments to me and i will take their case forward to the pm and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, gadkari, who holds the charge of road transport, shipping and rural development ministeries, told reporters here.
the five fishermen, all hailing from tamil nadu, were apprehended in 2011 by the sri lankan navy on charges of smuggling of drugs.
they were given death penalty by a sri lankan court last month.
external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin had earlier said, india's high commission in colombo will appeal to a higher court through a lawyer against the judgement of the lower court against these five indian fishermen.
he had also said that india has been pursuing the case at both levels--legal and official--and will continue to do so.
india's envoy to sri lanka y k sinha visited them in jail yesterday and assured them of the government's support to secure their release and repatriation.
parties gear up for budget sessionnew delhi, feb 22, 2015 dhns: 2:47 isttop bjp leaders, including party chief amit shah and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, went into a huddle at home minister rajnath singh's residence on saturday, ahead of parliament's budget session, which begins on monday.
besides a vociferous opposition, the saffron party may also face farmer protests led by social activist anna hazare against the proposed amendments in the land acquisition act.
with reports from the state bjp units that the party risks the anti-farmer tag, the leaders discussed a strategy to be adopted in parliament.
the land acquisition, rehabilitation and resettlement act was introduced by the erstwhile congress-led upa government in 2013.
the government is in no mood to make any reversal in the controversial land ordinance while bringing a bill to replace it with an act of parliament during the session.
it has held that restrictions on buying land in the act have held up projects worth almost rs 20 lakh crore in sectors such as rail, steel, mining and roads.
sushma to visit kabul tomorrownew delhi, sep 8, 2014, dhns : 1:21 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to kabul on wednesday and meet the rival presidential candidates abdullah abdullah and ashraf ghani.
outgoing afghan president hamid karzai attended the swearing-in ceremony of the nda government on may 26 at the invitation of prime minister narendra modi.
he also had a bilateral meeting with modi before returning to kabul on may 27.
swarajs visit to kabul, however, will mark the first formal diplomatic engagement between the two countries after the change of government in new delhi.
the minister told journalists that she would reaffirm indias commitment to reconstruction of afghanistan during her visit, notwithstanding the outcome of the current efforts to end the impasse over the disputed presidential elections in the war-torn country.
india already pledged over $2 billion for development projects in afghanistan.
afghanistans presidential election last april resulted in a political stalemate as one of the candidates abdullah abdullah challenged the victory of ashraf ghani in the initial count, alleging widespread fraud in the process.
efforts to form a national unity government is yet to make any headway, as the two candidates did not agree on a proposed power-sharing deal with ghani as president and abdulla as chief executive.
swaraj is expected to convey to them new delhis message that rival politicians should try to resolve the dispute through negotiations at the earliest to ensure political stability, particularly when nato forces are about withdraw from combat role in the war against taliban.
cong red-flags govt attempt to call spl session of parlnew delhi, sep 8, 2015 (pti) 19:29 istcongress today virtually red-flagged government's attempts to call a special session of parliament, telling it bluntly such an exercise would serve no purpose unless action was taken against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh.
at the same time, the party sought to dismiss the government's allegation that congress was blocking the development agenda of the nation saying, we are for the passage of gst if our amendments, which are in national interest are accepted.
leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, while briefing the reporters after congress working committee (cwc) meeting, charged the modi dispensation of practising politics of confrontation with the opposition.
the ruling party and the ministers under modi's leadership are always in an aggressive mode against the opposition and have never tried to reach out to us.
we hear on television that talks are on with the opposition but that happens only on telephone.
there is always a word about holding talks with pakistan at the foreign secretary or at the nsa level but they cannot talk across the table with the opposition.
we condemn this objectionable behaviour, azad said, adding that parliamentary affairs m venkaiah naidu did talk to me but on telephone.
he insisted convening of special session of parliament will serve no purpose unless the government takes action against sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp chief ministers.
azad made these assertions on a day when the party's apex decision-making body, cwc, held a detailed discussion on this key reform measure and decided to stick to at least three of its key demands on gst.
however, she said the government, on the assumption that they were alive was making efforts to secure their release.
every time we meet, we brief them about the efforts being made by the government.
there is no proof, as i have said earlier also that, whether they are dead or alive.
but in the efforts we are making, our sources tell us that they have not been killed.
and with this belief we are continuing with our efforts to secure their release.
the external affairs minister said government was trying its level best on the issue.
we are trying our level best, we have talked to every counry and every individual that could help us, he said.
india pulls out 1,200 nationals from yemen amidst heavy shellingnew delhi, april 5, 2015 (ians) 10:29 istamidst heavy shelling in aden, india took great caution in evacuating 439 of its nationals to the naval ship ins mumbai anchored off the coast - ferrying the people in small batches by boat to the ship.
on saturday, over 1,200 indians were evacuated from yemen by air and by sea, adding to the around 1,000 indians who have arrived back in india so far, the government said.
india has also helped pull out nationals from bangladesh, djibouti, nepal, pakistan and uganda from the strife-torn country.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: there is heavy shelling in aden.
the ship is anchored 5/6 km off the coast.
indian nationals are being taken by boat to board the ship there.
the external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin tweeted: precious cargo.
ins mumbai to sail from aden to djibouti in pitch darkness with precious cargo of 439 evacuated from yemen.
he earlier said: even as we evacuated 1,800 of our citizens from yemen we also helped some from bangladesh, djibouti, nepal, pakistan and uganda so far.
he added that in the morning 322 indians were evacuated by air from yemen, while more than 370 nationals were pulled out by sea in the afternoon.
over 300 indian evacuated from yemen are to reach kochi late on saturday.
he said 978 indians were evacuated in the last four days.
the figure did not include the indians who were expected to land in kochi late on saturday.
two indian air force flights carrying 334 indian nationals evacuated from yemen had landed in mumbai on friday night.
a total of 330 indians had arrived on an air india flight in kochi early on saturday.
yemen has been engulfed in strife, as shia houthi rebels continued their advance against exiled president abedrabbo mansour hadi's loyalists who are being supported by saudi arabia-led air strikes.
with the violence increasing, india on friday stepped up its evacuation.
india began evacuating its nationals by air from sana'a as two air india flights took off with 351 indians to djibouti.
parl approves bill to settle 41-year-old border issue with bangladeshnew delhi, may 7, 2015, (pti) 20:57 istsettling the country's 41-year-old border issue with bangladesh, parliament today unanimously passed a historic bill to operationalise the land boundary agreement that provides for exchange of territories.
the lower house, showing rare unanimity, passed the constitution (119th amendment) bill to allow the operationalisation of the 1974 india-bangladesh land boundary agreement.
all the 331 members present in the house voted for the bill which became the 100th constitutional amendment passed by parliament.
soon after the passage, prime minister narendra modi walked up to the opposition benches to thank leaders including congress chief sonia gandhi and mallikarjun kharge, bjd's b mahtab, tmc's sudip bandopadhyay and aiadmk leader p venugopal.
india will get 510 acres while bangladesh will get 10,000 acres.
but these are notional figures as these areas are deep inside territories of the two countries.
our borders are not getting contracted, she said, while responding to members' questions whether india will lose some territory.
a solution to the problem of illegal immigration is inherent in this legislation.
with the land border now being decided (with the passage of the bill), the portions where there is no fencing will also get fenced, she said.
the way in which we are now settling the land boundary issue, we will try to settle this issue also.
the maritime boundary between india and bangladesh has also been settled last year with the award by the international tribunal.
refuting allegations about india's alleged 'big brotherly' attitude, the external affairs minister said one is 'big brother' which symbolises arrogance.
but there is also the 'elder brother' who is caring.
ours is a caring attitude.
india will maintain the attitude of the 'elder brother' with our neighbours.
she also announced a package of rs 3,008 crore to west bengal for rehabilitation indian nationals who will come from bangladesh, with their numbers estimated to go up to 30,000.
of this amount, rs 775 crore is for expenses on fixed infrastructure and the remaining amount would be for variable expenses, depending upon how many people are to be rehabilitated by the state government.
swaraj, in her speech, also referred to the indira gandhi-mujibur rahman land boundary agreement of 1974 and the historic protocol signed between former prime minister manmohan singh and bangladesh president sheikh hasina in september 2011 paving the way for elimination of bangladeshi and indian territorial enclaves.
observing that she has been transparent in stating that her party bjp was earlier opposed to the bill, the minister said it was primarily because of concerns that assam's interests would be adveresely affected.
however, she said assam chief minister tarun gogoi, who had earlier expressed some reservations on similar lines, wrote to the prime minister and her, urging the centre to include the clauses relating to the state.
the bill being a constitution amendment, would need support of two-third majority and 50 per cent of the members has to be present in the house.
after that, 19 state assemblies will have to ratify the bill.
the bill aims at giving effect to the acquiring of territories by india and transfer of territories to bangladesh through retaining of adverse possession and exchange of enclaves in pursuance of the agreement of 1974.
the territories in assam, west bengal, tripura and meghalaya come under the ambit of the bill.
initiating the debate on the bill, adhir ranjan chowdhury (cong) took a dig at swaraj saying the state of assam itself wanted to be part of the pact and had written to the centre to this effect in 2011.
you wanted to keep assam out because of the impending state election, he said, adding that the government is doing flip-flop on important issues.
the people of west bengal feel strongly about their neighbours in bangladesh, he said.
on a lighter vein he added we may divorce our wives, but cannot divorce our neighbours.
extending full support to the bill, sugata bose (trinamool) said the operationalisation of the agreement would end the misery of the people living in enclaves and facilitate movement of law abiding citizens across the borders.
the amendments will protect the interest of state, nation and people, bose said while recalling the days when he witnessed the formation of the bangladesh as a student.
this constitutional amendment bill will be a tribute to great poet rabindranath tagore, he said, adding both the countries have national anthems composed by him.
k n ramachandran (aiadmk) asked the government to address the issue of rehabilitation of the people and demanded that disputes between india and sri lanka should also be resolved in a similar fashion.
vajpayee's birthday to be celebrated as 'good governance day'new delhi, dec 2, 2014, (pti) : 13:45 istformer prime minister atal behari vajpayee's birthday on december 25 would be observed as national 'good governance day', prime minister narendra modi said today.
modi was addressing party mps at the meeting of the bjp parliamentary party, where bjp president amit shah was also present.
prime minister narendra modi told the party mps that the birthday of former prime minister atal behari vajpayee would be observed as national 'good governance day' on december 25, where all bjp mps and government officials will make the day symbolic of good governance, minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv pratap rudy told reporters.
he said the prime minister also asked all party mps to highlight all bjp-run governments and bodies across the country as models of good governance on the day.
the prime minister also asked the bjp mps to work for an hour in their respective constituencies for the 'clean india' campaign, rudy said after the meeting at parliament library building.
earlier parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu congratulated the prime minister for his successful foreign visits to saarc and australia where he attended the g-20 summit as party mps felicitated the prime minister.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stated that she would make a statement on the prime minister's successful foreign visits in both houses of parliament tomorrow.
party chief amit shah told the members to step up efforts for bjp's membership drive as it had crossed the 1.
1 crore membership mark so far.
shah said the party aims at making 10 crore members in this membership drive from the current 4 crore members.
shah cited the example of prime minister modi where on his plea in assam the daily online membership had swelled from 4,000-6,000 to 75,000 in a single day.
talking about delhi elections, the party president said all mps will address around 2,000 poll meetings in the national capital and around 200 mps have already given their nod for addressing such meeting in delhi during the current winter session of parliament ahead of delhi assembly polls.
faceoff in ls over vadra's facebook postnew delhi, july 23, 2015, dhns: 1:06 istthe bjp on thursday moved breach of privilege notice in lok sabha against congress president sonia gandhis son-in-law robert vadra for his facebook posts demeaning parliamentarians.
vadra, in his facebook comment, had taken an oblique dig at the nda government prior to the monsoon session beginning on tuesday.
parliament begins and so do their petty diversionary political tactics.
.
.
people of india are not fooled.
regret to see india led by such so-called leaders!
!
, vadras post read.
the congress damaad (son-in-law), as the bjp addresses vadra sarcastically, is peeved over the modi government personifying him as the symbol of high-end corruption during the upa regime.
two bjp ruled states of haryana and rajasthan have launched investigation against his alleged illegitimate land purchases.
for the second straight day, the lok sabha failed to transact much business with the confrontation between treasury and opposition benches further intensifying.
the bjp launched a counter offensive against the congress by raking up vadras remarks and demanded action against him for demeaning mps.
amidst the din with the congressmen shouting slogans seeking action against union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in lalitgate, bjp mp from karnataka pralhad joshi referred to vadras facebook post and requested the speaker to refer the issue to the house privileges committee.
bengaluru, june 20, 2015 (pti) 19:49 isthitting out at congress for threatening logjam in parliament in the monsoon session on the lalit modi row, union law minister d v sadananda gowda today accused the party of raising a silly issue but said government was willing to discuss everything and anything on the floor of the house.
as congress continued its aggressive pitch for the exit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, he said let them study each and every thing.
we are ready to discuss every thing and anything on the floor of the house.
simply threatening something- it doesn't look nice.
seeking to turn the tables on congress, he said let them look into the matter, some personal transactions.
how can you treat it as a corrupt practice?
if at all these things have happened, what prevented them from taking action in last four years?
he said.
gowda was responding to a question on congress' threat to disrupt the monsoon session of parliament if the external affairs minister and the rajasthan chief minister did not resign.
swaraj is facing the heat for her help to tainted modi get british travel documents and raje for her secret witness statement supporting the former ipl boss' immigration plea in britain.
taking its attack to a new level yesterday, congress had alleged a nexus between lalit modi, the prime minister, the bjp president, swaraj and raje and said the only way for the government to save itself and the parliament session is to make the two women leaders resign from their positions.
gowda also slammed congress of raking up a silly issue as they don't have anything to criticise the government.
now just because they are not getting anything to stage their agitations (against government) they are talking all these silly issues.
personal matters how they can bring it.
.
.
.
.
he saidasked whether bjp will defend its leaders in parliament, gowda said that my party will decide.
new delhi, jul 19, 2015 (pti) 18:25 istsetting the tone for the upcoming monsoon session, bjp today decided against being defensive over the controversies related to sushmaswaraj swaraj, vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan and would brazen it out in parliament which is set to be stormy over these issues.
bjp chief amit shah held strategy meetings with various party colleagues, including union ministers arun jaitley, swaraj, smriti irani, ravi shankar prasad and piyush goyal as well as party spokespersons during which raje, the chief minister of rajasthan, was also present.
making it evident that there will be no resignations, the meeting discussed how to counter the opposition attack in parliament during the session beginning on tuesday and harmonising of the response of the government and the party on these issues, sources said.
congress has threatened to disrupt parliament if its demands for ouster of raje, external affairs minister swaraj and madhya pradesh chief minister chouhan are not acceded to.
raje is under attack for her links with former ipl chairman lalit modi who is facing ed probe.
swaraj is also accused of helping lalit modi.
chouhan is under the opposition fire in vyapam scam.
bjp does not want to be seen on the defensive on the controversial issues plaguing the party for the last few months, the sources said.
among the party's media faces who met shah were m j akbar, shrikant sharma and sambit patra.
besides pressing for removal of swaraj, opposition has indicated that it will also target hrd minister smriti irani, who is facing charges related to an educational certificate.
chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh may also be targeted in connection with a rice scam.
the ruling bjp, on its part, is likely to train its guns on himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh of congress, who is embroiled in a disproportionate assets case.
in an indication of the challenges his government is likely to face in parliament, prime minister narendra modi has convened the maiden meeting of all nda constituents tomorrow to deliberate the strategy to counter the opposition.
before meeting the allies at his residence, modi may also attend two separate all-party meetings called by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan to discuss ways to ensure a smooth session.
sensing the opposition heat awaiting his government in parliament, modi had on friday acknowledged that there will be a 'muqabla' (contest).
while the bjp-led nda commands an absolute majority in lok sabha, it lacks numbers in the upper house where congress is the largest party and holds key to the passage of the crucial legislations, including gst and land bill.
senior nda ministers had on thursday held a meeting to chalk out the strategy for pushing the government's legislative business in view of the opposition parties closing ranks on various issues.
the government has finalised 35 items of business for the monsoon session, which included nine bills pending in rajya sabha and four pending in lok sabha, besides introduction of 11 new bill.
new delhi, june 16, 2015 (ians) 14:14 istthe first batch of pilgrims for the annual kailash mansarovar yatra through the new nathu la route was flagged off on tuesday by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who declined comment on the lalit modi controversy.
attired in a pink sari, sushmaswaraj swaraj flagged off the event at the jawaharlal nehru bhawan here at 10.
30 a.
m.
she made a brief speech and posed for photographs with the yatris.
only photographers were allowed in, not the accompanying journalists.
she pointed out that the motorable nathu la route would enable even the elderly to go on the pilgrimage.
in all, 250 yatris would travel via the nathu la route, in batches of 50 each.
eighteen batches of 60 people each would go through the old route through the lipulekh pass in uttarakhand.
kailash mansarovar is believed to be the seat of hindu god shiva.
pilgrims travel at high altitudes of 19,500 feet.
the traditional trekking route is inhospitable and rugged.
hundreds go on the pilgrimage every year, a part of the journey overseen by chinese authorities.
this year, the pilgrimage will be conducted between june 8 and september 9.
india and china signed on september 18 last year a bilateral agreement on the alternative nathu la route for kailash mansarovar pilgrimage.
those going on the kailash mansarovar yatra will be thanking the chinese government in their minds for making the yatra possible, she said.
later, asked about the ongoing controversy over former indian premier league chief lalit modi, the union minister quipped, no comments.
meanwhile, the congress continued to press its demand for the sacking of sushmaswaraj swaraj over the lalit modi episode and alleged the narendra modi government was out to save the former ipl chief who has been charged with financial impropriety.
the bjp, the external affairs minister and the entire government have come out to save an accused of the enforcement directorate.
the 'suit-boot ki sarkar' (government of the suited-booted) is doing everything to save an economic offender, congress spokesperson ajoy kumar told reporters here.
the party demanded that sushmaswaraj swaraj should be sacked as minister for her immoral and illegal work in helping modi procure travel documents to portugal last year.
he said that prime minister narendra modi should speak out on the issue in his next 'mann ki baat' radio address.
sushma swaraj has maintained she helped lalit modi, who has been living in london since 2010, with travel documents to go to portugal for the treatment of his cancer-afflicted wife on humanitarian grounds.
the minister also asked the indian embassy to take up the matter with amazon canada.
indian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately.
if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
@sushmaswaraj madam.
amazon canada must be censured and warned not to sell india flag doormats.
please take action, tweeted atul bhobe, who also posted a screenshot of the products.
sc to decide on italian marines' case: govtnew delhi, may 4, 2016, dhns: 1:19 istthe centre said on tuesday that the supreme court will take the final call in italian marines case after a un arbitration tribunal settles the jurisdiction issue challenged by italy to question indias stand at the international court.
making a statement on the un arbitration tribunals ruling, finance minister arun jaitley said the order allowing accused sergeant salvatore girone to return home from india pending trial has established and not questioned the scs authority.
he also added that if the jurisdiction is settled in indias favour, the sergeant will have to come back to delhi to face trial if the court desires so.
we see the tribunals order not just as a recognition of indias consistent positions and key arguments but also as an affirmation of the authority of the supreme court of india, jaitley said.
not satisfied with the statement of jaitley, who read it out in the absence of ailing external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, congress staged a brief walkout at 2:20 pm while odisha ruling party bjd also criticised the government for what it said toeing the italy line before the hague court which allowed the marine to return home.
congress leaders, including its president sonia gandhi and her son rahul, expressed unhappiness over speaker sumitra mahajan not allowing them to speak on jaitleys statement.
mahajan said that nothing would go on record when congress and bjd mps were on their feet demanding to have their say.
subsequently, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu accused congress of doing so because of the upcoming kerala assembly polls.
new delhi, nov 28, 2014, pti: 16:25 istthe external affairs minister said she had received written communication from different sources which maintain that the abducted indians were not killed and that she had shared the information with finance minister arun jaitley and food processing industries minister harsimrat kaur badal as most of them were from punjab.
while stating this, she emphasised that members cannot go by media reports and assume that they have been killed as there is no corroboration to the claim.
there is no solid proof of either they being alive or killed, she said.
a media report cited statements of shafi and hassan, bangladeshis who claimed to have been released by their isis captors after segregating them from indians, to claim that 39 indians had been killed.
they based their claim on what they had been told by harjeet.
shafi and hassan have made the claim but they are not eye-witnesses and their statements are only secondary in nature.
they have not said they were killed before them, they are only quoting harjeet, who is one source whose confirmation no one has made, she said.
harjeet was in the group of 40 indians who had been kidnapped in june but he later managed to escape.
swaraj confirmed that harjeet, the only escapee from the custody of isis, was in the government's safe custody.
he faces threat to his life and can endanger the lives of others also, she said, as he is the lone persons who has escaped from their captivity.
the government is working in adverse circumstances for ensuring their release and have been utilising all resources in the gulf, including establishing contact with heads of states in the area, the minister said.
she said there is no issue of anyone trying to take credit for securing their release and government has sought the help of former minister of state for external affairs e ahamed, who has good contacts in the gulf countries, to secure their release.
raising the issue in rajya sabha soon after the house assembled, anand sharma said government had made a statement in the house on june 22 claiming that contact had been established with the abducted people, seven days after the alleged killing.
both the houses have been misled by the government.
if this was known, then why this was not told in the house and why assurances were given to the families of those abducted.
.
.
how did this happen?
was the government really in the dark and kept sitting and giving assurances?
with deep sadness, we feel big incidents are happening and the prime minister has not even made one statement on the issue either in the country or abroad.
the same prime minister used to say that we will look into their eye.
i know he cannot do anything and is merely making statements.
the prime minister is answerable, said sharma.
he said the government should ensure the safety and security of lakhs of indians working in west asia.
nda ally sad also wanted clarity on the issue.
bsp chief mayawati, jd(u) leader sharad yadav, cpi(m)'s p rajeeve, tmc member derek o'obrien, sp member jaya bachchan were among others who expressed concern over the media report.
raising the issue in the lok sabha, scindia accused the external affairs minister of misleading the house and claimed that the government had failed to protect the workers.
if the reports about their being killed long back are correct, then the government has misled the people and parliament, he said, demanding a full and transparent reply.
he received support from members of cpi(m) and aam aadmi party.
the government is responsible, scindia said, adding that earlier the house was told that the release of the 40 workers would come as an eid gift.
swaraj took objection to allegations that she had misled the house.
at this, leader of congress mallikarjun kharge said no one has cast aspersions on her and all were only concerned about the well-being of the abducted workers.
in the midst of the discussion, bjp member s s ahluwalia said please stop this discussion as the islamic state is also watching the parliament session as it is in public.
please don't ask me to elaborate on this.
the day i get any concrete evidence, either about what harjeet has said or six of our sources are saying, i will myself report to parliament.
earlier in the rajya sabha, leaders of all parties expressed deep concern over the matter.
deputy chairman p j kurien said this is a subject on which all were concerned and stood united on the issue.
let us hope that it did not happen, he said.
ram gopal yadav (sp) hoped the indians kidnapped are not killed and said there is despair among their families who were given assurances by the government on their being alive.
taking a jibe at the prime minister's foreign visits, he said, he is moving around the world as if on a victory path and seems to have left ashwamedha's horse, while soldiers were being killed along the line of control.
there is despair amongst us and our borders are not safe.
there is concern in the whole nation.
derek o'brien (tmc) also expressed concerns over reports and hoped they are not true and there is still a flicker of hope.
do not give this nation any more long-term pains.
we are all concerned on this cause, he said.
mayawati (bsp) asked the government to take the issue seriously and take serious efforts to secure their release.
she also raised the issue of securing the country's borders, citing reports of soldiers being killed along the lac.
k c tyagi (jd-u) termed the incident as a diplomatic failure of the government and said, india has no friend left in the west asia.
diplomatically we have been isolated.
there should be a debate on the diplomatic failure.
he also praised the policies pursued by jawaharlal nehru, which made many friends in west asia.
p rajeeve (cpi-m) said the issue is a creation of this government as the shift in india's foreign policy has created such a situation.
the prime minister is handling all external affairs matters and is de-facto external affairs minister.
prime minister should come and answer, he said.
sukhdev singh dhindsa (sad) also raised concerns over the report saying families of the abducted are worried about their kin and all symathies are with them.
hoping that the kidnapped indians are safe, bhupinder singh (bjd) said it is a matter of human rights and india should make efforts to set up a world parliament and raise such issues there.
he also expressed concern over the killing of soldiers along the line of control.
majeed memon (ncp) hoped the families of the kidnapped people have been informed and government should have provided information about the kidnapped of its own even after five months.
jaya bachchan (sp) said it is a serious issue and this is no time for making political statements and sought to know what steps government has taken and sought to know if assurances to families of kidnapped have been informed or not.
sharad yadav (jd-u) asked what the government was doing to ensure their release and whether reports or true or not.
he said the dispute between israel and palestine is creating such a situation in the middle east and expressed concern as a large number of indians were employed in the region.
there is flaw in the foreign policy and due to it india's strength has come down internationally, he said.
rajeev shukla (cong) also raised the issue of killing of jawans at loc in kashmir and what the government was doing on ceasefire violations by pakistan.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made statements in both lok sabha and rajya sabha after a media report claimed that the 39 indians, captured over five months back, had been killed by the dreaded islamist group.
the media report was based on the statements of two bangladeshis who quoted an escapee, harjeet, as claiming that kidnapped indians have been killed, sawaraj said, but added that there was no proof to confirm it.
on the one hand there is one source about which there is no confirmation.
six different sources have informed the government that they have not been killed, she said in identical statements after deputy leader of congress anand sharma raised the matter in rajya sabha and his party colleague jyotiraditya scindia in lok sabha.
asking the house whether the government should go by what one person was saying or believe six other sources, she said as a responsible government she would not like to give up the search till there is any concrete proof.
we do not accept his statement.
our prayers and hopes are alive.
our search for their safe release is on.
.
.
.
she informed parliament that two more officers, who can speak arabic also, have been deployed for securing their release besides a senior ifs officer who is already on the job for the last five months.
pm surprises with yoga performancejune 22, 2015, new delhi 1:58 istprime minister narendra modi sprang a surprise on sunday when he suddenly decided to join the participants observing international yoga day, and perform most of the asanas, instead of only delivering a speech.
modi, however, surprised everybody when he joined thousands of others on rajpath after delivering his speech.
ayush ministry officials said even security agencies were caught unawares, though they quickly made the required arrangements.
after the speech, modi climbed down from the podium, removed his spectacles and walked up in front of the participants, where a mat was quickly laid out for him.
dressed in a white shirt, trousers and a tricolour scarf, the 64-year-old performed most of the 21 asanas as per common yoga protocol, though he stopped for a while after the loosening exercises to inspect some people behind him.
later, he interacted with the children.
rajpath has turned into a yogpath, said modi on seeing the sea of crowd in front of the dais.
he tweeted his greetings early in the morning, besides several photographs after the event.
nitish supports advani on emergency fearspatna, jun 18, 2015 (pti) 14:31 istbihar chief minister nitish kumar.
pti file photo.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar today supported the concern of bjp patriarch l k advani that emergency-like situation could emerge again and said that bihar was facing it on a daily basis.
advani is among the senior-most leaders of bjp and his concerns should be considered seriously.
as far as emergency- like situation is concerned, we are facing it here on a daily basis, kumar said.
the bihar chief minister was talking to media persons on the sidelines of an agriculture and food processing conclave in the state capital.
though he did not elaborate much on how the state was facing such a situation, he took the opportunity to attack prime minister narendra modi-led government at the centre.
l k advani in an interview published in a leading english daily said, forces that can crush democracy are stronger.
.
.
i don't have the confidence it (emergency) cannot happen again.
nitish said, just see what kind of promises were made during the lok sabha polls and what has happened to them after they (bjp) came to power.
they used to boast that they have completed one year and there have been no scams during the period, but see how many scams have started surfacing now.
referring to the controversy involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who purportedly helped former ipl boss lalit modi, a fugitive in money laundering cases pursed by the enforcement directorate, procure travel documents, nitish called it a case of favouritism instead of humanitarianism and targeted the prime minister over it.
the bihar chief minister used a sanskrit adage 'maunam svikriti lakshanam' (silence is acceptance) to claim that the prime minister accepted the swaraj-lalit modi issue.
his (narendra modi's) silence on the matter shows his approval and acceptance.
it (swaraj-lalit modi) is a clear cut case of favouritism, but the centre is trying to wash its hands off the issue by saying it was done on humanitarian grounds.
they used to boast so much about governance and now things are coming out, kumar said.
new delhi, july 4, 2012, dhns: 1:36 ista trusted loyalist of advani, kumar, also a party general secretary, is understood to have taken up the responsibility.
kumar was expected to meet advani along with rural development and panchayati raj minister jadadish shettar.
however, that meeting did not happen till late wednesday evening.
gadkari and other central leaders have projected shettar as the likely successor of d v sadananda gowda as the chief minister.
state leaders including shettar, ashoka, basavaraj bommai, c m udasi, umesh katti, murugesh nirani and renukacharya (all ministers), and prahlad joshi held a detailed meeting at kumars residence on tuesday night.
kumar is learnt to have promised to extend full support to shettar.
advanis endorsement is considered necessary before gadkari calls a meeting of the partys highest executive body  the parliamentary board  which usually takes formal decisions on leadership issues.
sources said leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj, venkaiah naidu and rajnath singh, who too are members of the board, have come round to effecting a change of leadership in the state.
once the parliamentary board takes a formal decision, a meeting of the bjp legislature party will be convened in bangalore to announce the change.
the central leadership is keen that the choice of a successor to gowda is taken unanimously by the legislature party.
it was important to present a face of unity in the party in view of the assembly election challenge ahead, said a party source.
with the emphasis on unity, the central leadership is said to be also working on a new leadership arrangement which would reflect a balance in terms of caste, region and experience.
hence, if shettar, a lingayat, is chosen as gowdas successor, the party may seek to accommodate a vokkaliga as deputy chief minister.
ashoka, who is camping in the national capital, is said to be lobbying for that position.
chances are that k s eshwarappa, a kuruba, might be continued as state party chief as he is understood to be not keen on returning to the government if he is not chosen to head it.
the leadership also might advise the state leadership to fill all available slots in the ministry to present a face of unity and balance.
meanwhile, speaking to reporters in bangalore, gowda signalled his readiness to step down, if officially asked to do so by the central leadership.
last updated: 12 august, 2011bellary, august 12, dhns: 8:35 istenergy minister performs the pooja in the absence of sushmaswaraj swarajenergy minister shobha karandlaje performed the varamahalakshmi pooja at the residence of dr b k srinivasamurthy in the city on friday, in the absence of bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had made it a practice to take part in the annual ritual in the past few years.
swaraj could not make it this time, following the recent death of her brother.
also, she has distanced herself from the reddy brothers, at whose instance she used to attend the annual pooja, in recent times.
as usual, a mass marriage programme was also organised by the bjp district unit under the leadership of former minister b sriramulu.
though chief minister d v sadananda gowda was expected to attend the programme, he did not make it.
in his absence, bjp national president nitin gadkari launched various development works in the town, including the inauguration of the dr vishnuvardhan park, unveiling of the late actors statue and the opening of the renovated building of the district hospital.
former chief minister b s yeddyurappa and a few ministers were present.
meanwhile, former ministers stole the limelight, while the present ministers seemed neglected at the mass marriage programme.
though ministers shobha karandlaje, v somanna and basavaraj bommai were present, they were not given an opportunity to speak at the event.
only yeddyurappa, former union minister ananth kumar, former ministers g janardhana reddy and sriramulu spoke on the occasion.
gadkari spoke in hindi towards the end and received applause from the crowd.
the dissidence over the tainted former ministers from the district not being accommodated in the sadananda gowda cabinet, however, was not apparent at fridays programme.
but the neglect of ministers loyal to yeddyurappa was too obvious to be missed.
even when they arrived at the havambhavi helipad after the programme, en route the toranagal airport, ministers somanna and shobha were sent off only in the last helicopter to arrive.
in his speech at the mass marriage, gadkari said he was unhappy over the recent developments in the state politics.
politics is ever changing.
yet, we will respect democracy and law, he said.
he expected legal and political victory in the days to come.
while a chief minister or an mla can become former, the average party worker will never be former.
it is because of the hard work of the workers that the party came to power, said gadkari.
in bjp, anyone can come to power, said the bjp chief.
meanwhile, sriramulu said he had performed well as the health minister and the development works had helped him to get peoples love.
he had risen from humble beginnings, he added.
'idea of replacing father uncomfortable': mehbooba muftinew delhi: dec 5, 2015, dhns: 0:45 istpdp president mehbooba mufti on saturday said she does not want to think about the time she will succeed her father mufti mohammed sayeed as the jammu and kashmir chief minister.
speaking at a conference, mehbooba said she was uncomfortable with the question despite the fact that mufti has of late dropped hints on various occasions that she may replace him by hailing her role in building the party.
such a succession, he said, was part of democracy.
for the alliance partner, the bjp, the issue is not that simple.
party general secretary ram madhav, who played a crucial role in the coalition government formation, seemed unaware of any such move.
not willing to talk about the issue, madhav recently said that its like asking whether modi will remain pm for five years.
do you ask this question?
he is elected prime minister, he will be there.
he (mufti) is elected chief minister (of pdp-bjp govt), he will be there.
the bjp and pdp managed to evolve a working relationship, despite tides of upheavals in the ruling coalition, due to which it would not like mufti to recede space to his daughter who is ideologically not very flexible.
at the newspaper summit, mehbooba again reemphasised that there is no fiddling with article 370 that provides special status to the jammu and kashmir.
if kashmiris chose to be a part of democratic and secular india (in 1947), we need to be given something in return.
.
.
we need to be treated special, and if you give someone something, to snatch it away slowly is stealing.
article 370 only strengthens the bond with india, she argued.
though the bjp has been for abrogation of the special status granted to the state, it has, over the years, diluted its stand reflected in its 2014 general election manifesto where it said that it will discuss with stakeholders on the controversial topic.
no alternativeshe also welcomed the decision of the modi government to send external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to pakistan for a diplomatic meet.
according to her, there is no alternative than to adopt former prime minister atal bihari vajpayees approach to pakistan.
bjp contradicts gadkarinew delhi, jan 16, 2013, (pti): 21:25 istcontradicting its president nitin gadkari, bjp today said there was no need to raise in the united nations the issue of beheading of an indian soldier by pakistan.
we should not approach anybody, said party spokesperson prakash javadekar when asked if the party felt the need to raise the matter before the united nations.
i expect the government of india to take this up in the united nations.
we should raise the issue in international platforms to isolate pakistan.
.
.
the prime minister should not keep quiet, gadkari had said in mathura.
the issue was also raised by the national security adviser shivshankar menon during his meeting with bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday when the former explained that government was against such a step as it would internationalise the issue.
sources said jaitley is understood to have told menon that this was not the party's position and gadkari's comments might have been misunderstood.
bjp today demanded government takes concrete real action to make pakistan understand that it should not dare to commit such a barbaric act again.
we have to expose pakistan at every available opportunity, said javadekar.
it is not a matter of condemnation or verbal response.
it needs a real response and this is the time when we can get a response whereby pakistan will not indulge in such an act again, javadekar said.
bjp also upped the ante against prime minister manmohan singh, saying the whole nation was outraged over the incident and even the verbal response from the prime minister came after a week.
this is the weakness of the prime minister.
refer bill to panel again: bjplast updated: 27 december, 2011anirban bhaumik, new delhi, december 27, dhns: 20:38 istthe lok sabha on tuesday witnessed a slugfest between the government and the opposition over the contentious lokpal bill, as the bjp not only branded the proposed legislation as weak, ineffective and patently unconstitutional, but also demanded that bill be resent to the parliamentary standing committee on personnel, public grievances, law and justice.
the ruling congress, in defence, accused the bjp of hatching a political conspiracy to block the bill.
pointing to the loopholes of the governments draft of the bill, leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj, accused the centre of trying to impose a template for setting up lokayuktas on the states.
apart from describing the bill as an attack on the federal structure of the constitution, swaraj criticised the government for instituting a minority quota in the proposed lokpal.
she also slammed the bill for the lokpals limited control over the central bureau of investigation and the riders attached to the inclusion of the prime minister under the anti-graft ombudsmans purview.
defending the bill, union minister for hrd kapil sibal said the centre can include provisions that lay a template for creation of lokayuktas in the states.
he accused the bjp of trying to gain political mileage by delaying the bills passage.
10k more troops to guard delhi on r-daynew delhi, jan 12, 2016, dhns: 0:20 istaround 10,000 additional paramilitary personnel have been deployed in the national capital ahead of the republic day celebrations.
the deployment of additional forces comes a week after the terrorist attack on the pathankot air force base.
french president francois hollande will be the chief guest at the republic day parade.
this is being done as part of a security exercise to ensure that nothing untoward happens during the celebrations, a senior official said.
in another security beef up, defence installations located along the india-pakistan border continue to be on high-alert as they remain prime targets of pak-based terrorist organisations.
home minister rajnath singh reviewed the security situation in the country along with top security officials.
sources said intelligence reports suggested possibility of further terror attacks by groups like jaish-e-mohammad and lashkar-e-toiba and all sensitive locations located along the india-pakistan border have been put on high alert.
singh also discussed pathankot attack with union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who met him in his office.
off the recordjune 22, 2014, dhns: 22:56 istno lobbyingunion minister ravi shankar prasad, who handles law and justice, communications and it, has decided to follow every word of prime minister narendra modi's diktat to the ministers.
he has made it clear to the officials that he will not entertain any kind of lobbying, considering that the 2g spectrum scam has left many reputations tattered.
he would meet representatives of the industry only in groups rather than as heads of individual companies.
his instruction to his aides, officials and industry captains is that the days of influence peddling are over.
my job is to ensure that decisions are taken in a fair and transparent manner.
you (industry rivals) can fight your battles on your own turf and not inside the government.
prasads immediate task is to restore the efficiency of the state-run mtnl and bsnl, which he feels were deliberately mismanaged to help some private operators.
shekhar iyer, new delhindas hintsboth the aiadmk and the biju janata dal are yet to respond to hints from prime minister modis aides to form a parliamentary group to stake claim for the post of the leader of opposition (lop) in the lok sabha.
the two parties together make up for 47 mps, three more than the congress tally of 44 mps.
one suggestion was that these two parties could take turn to be the lop.
but the aiadmk mps, barring of course m thambidurai, are averse to this idea.
thambidurai thinks that any position is welcome as tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa is not likely to take a decision to join the nda in the immediate future.
other aiadmks mps would rather await ministerial berths.
on the other hand, bjd mps say the idea is not workable.
new lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan is supposed to take a call on the lop issue when parliaments budget session begins in the first week of july.
si, new delhibirthday giftthe much-publicised but much-delayed all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in patna will be formally inaugurated by prime minister narendra modi on december 25, which incidentally happens to be the birthday of former pm a b vajpayee.
vajpayee, as the nda prime minister, had conceptualised the creation of six new aiims in the country to provide a better healthcare facilities to the people.
this was announced by union health minister harsh vardhan who was here on a two-day bihar visit.
i have asked the officials concerned to complete the project by december so that modiji could hand it over as a birthday gift to the common people, he said.
actually, the foundation for aiims was laid by the then health minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
more than a decade later, it will be a bjp prime minister who will formally inaugurate it.
but a million dollar question is whether modi will invite his bete noire nitish to gracethe occasion?
abhay kumar, patnatopi politicssenior uttar pradesh minister azam khans anger toward members of the muslim community for not supporting the samajwadi party (sp) unitedly in the recently concluded lok sabha elections came to the fore at a government function recently when he told the community leaders that they should not offer topi (skull cap) to the chief minister akhilesh yadav, when the latter comes on the stage to address them.
it was nothing but a dikhawa (a mere show), azam said.
last time you (leaders) had offered the topi to akhilesh.
.
.
do not do it this time, he told them.
azam said what mattered was the real support.
muslim votes were divided and as a result we lost the polls, he went on to add.
what the senior minister actually meant was though the sp regime had done so much for the muslim community it did not favour the party in the polls.
after all to offer topi also means to trick someone into believing something unreal.
no third party in pak talks: sushmanew delhi, june 01, 2015, dhns: 2:06 istforeign minister rules out resumption of cricket tiesindia has not flip-flopped on its pakistan policy, but talks with islamabad can only happen in a peaceful environment and without the involvement of a third party, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday.
sushma ruled out resumption of bilateral cricket ties between the two arch-rivals in the immediate future, and made it clear that no official engagement is on the cards between the two nations.
there is no flip-flop or confusion in the government, which has a very clear pakistan policy.
we decided on three principles for talks when prime minister nawaz sharif came here last year.
these principles are part of the shimla and lahore declarations, she said at a press conference to highlight the diplomatic achievements of the narendra modi government in its first year.
first, each indo-pak issues will be resolved through peaceful dialogue.
second, the talks will be between only india and pakistan.
neither will a third country mediate nor will there be a third party.
the third condition is creation of an atmosphere of harmony by keeping away terror and violence.
now if lakhvi is out and he is released, and if pakistan thinks there is an atmosphere of harmony, will india accept it?
she said, referring to a pakistani court's decision to release zaki-ur rehman lakhvi, one of the key accused of 26/11.
indian investigators have submitted voice samples and other evidence as a proof of lakhvi's role in the mumbai terror strike: he was found talking on satellite phones to the 10 terrorists who sailed into mumbai and attacked some of its famous landmarks.
talks can happen only in a peaceful environment.
it can happen when pakistan takes action against terrorists, who are not bound by geographies.
there is no good or bad terrorist, she said, claiming prime minister narendra modi was the first to call up prime minister nawaz sharif after the terror attack on a peshawar school.
asked about cricketing ties, the minister said no decision had been taken on the resumption of indo-pak matches.
india have not played a full bilateral test series with pakistan after the 2008 mumbai terror attacks, which led to suspension of their cricketing ties.
the obvious reference was china putting a technical hold on indias request to list syed salahuddin in the un security council sanctions committee on al-qaeda and associated entities, so the issue could not be taken up for a certain period.
swaraj calls for early drafting of nepal's constitutionkathmandu, june 25, 2015, (pti) 15:37 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met the entire spectrum of nepalese leadership and encouraged them to finalise the long-pending drafting of the constitution at the earliest to take the country on a new path of development.
swaraj met a host of nepalese leaders, including four former prime ministers, at a luncheon meeting hosted by india's ambassador to nepal ranjit rae.
she encouraged the leaders, including former premiers -- prachanda, sher bahadur deuba, madhav kumar nepal and baburam bhattarai, to finalise the constitution as soon as possible to take the country on a new path of development.
eam @sushmaswaraj engages all major political parties of nepal.
encourages early finalisation of constitution, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup tweeted along with a picture of the meeting.
in the luncheon meeting, swaraj conveyed to the leaders that india was firmly behind nepal in its reconstruction efforts and would extend all support for its development as the country moves towards normalcy after being ravaged by quakes.
leaders from all four main nepalese parties -- nepali congress (nc), cpn-uml, ucpn (maoist) and madhesi people's rights forum-democratic (mprf-d) -- attended the luncheon meeting.
important leaders who were present in the meeting included narayan khadka of the nepali congress, vidya bhandari of the ucpn (maoist) and vijay kumar gachadar (madhesi leader).
the constitution will pave the way for all-round development of the country, swaraj was quoted as saying by a leader who attended the meeting.
nepal's warring political parties earlier this month struck a landmark 16-point deal to end years of deadlock over contentious issues of constitution-drafting, agreeing to a parliamentary system and eight provinces.
top leaders of the nepali congress (nc), cpn-uml, ucpn (maoist) and mprf-d agreed to adopt an 8-province federal model, parliamentary system of governance, mixed electoral model and include the provision of a constitutional court for 10 years in the new statute as part of a compromise deal.
the constitution drafting process has proved to be a cumbersome work for nepal's ruling and opposition parties.
for the last eight years, they have vigorously argued over their differences.
aiims doctors submit geeta's dna report to meanew delhi, oct 30, 2015, (pti) 21:22 istthe report of the dna tests carried out to determine the parentage of 23-year-old geeta, the deaf and mute girl who returned from pakistan after being separated from her family over a decade ago, has been submitted to the ministry of external affairs.
the ministry had asked aiims to collect samples for dna tests to confirm if janardhan mahato, who claims that geeta is his first born heera, is indeed her father.
the dna tests were carried out at the aiims forensic lab, the report of which was submitted to mea yesterday evening, a senior doctor at aiims said.
the aiims authorities, however, refused to divulge details about the report.
when contacted, the mea spokesperson said he did not know what was in the report.
geeta, who returned from pakistan after a gap of 15 years, had refused to recognise the mahato couple from bihar whom she had identified as her family through photographs when she was in karachi.
she is currently staying at an institution in indore for hearing-impaired people.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had stated that geeta had refused to identify the mahatos as her family.
if the dna samples does not match with the samples of the mahato couple, then government will start afresh the process to find her parents, she had said.
geeta, now 23, was reportedly just 7 or 8 years old when she was found sitting alone on the samjhauta express by the pakistan rangers 15 years ago at the lahore railway station.
she was adopted by the edhi foundation's bilquis edhi and lived with her in karachi.
bilquis and her grandchildren, saba and saad edhi, accompanied geeta here.
her story came to light after the release of salman khan starrer 'bajrangi bhaijaan' in which the hero unites a girl separated from her pakistani mother who was visiting india.
oppn to corner modi govt in stormy session todaynew delhi, july 20, 2015, dhns: 1:19 istfew takers for congress' plan to stall house proceedingsthe bjp-led nda government, which rejected the oppositions demand for resignations of its minister and chief ministers embroiled in scams, is staring at a stormy monsoon session from tuesday.
the congress, however, appeared isolated over its plans to stall proceedings as other parties preferred a discussion on the issues.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan had convened separate meetings with leaders of political parties to ensure smooth functioning of parliament.
that the three-week session would be stormy was clear after naidu rejected the congress demand for resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for facilitating travel documents for former ipl chief lalit modi and of madhya pradesh chief minister chouhan for his alleged role in vyapam scam.
the congress has decided to give notice to move an adjournment motion in the rajya sabha on tuesday on sushmas help to lalit modi on humanitarian grounds.
people want to know what action the government has taken in scams such as vyapam and lalitgate.
as public representatives, we have to put these issues before the government in parliament, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad told reporters after an all party meeting.
however, congress strident position found few takers at the all party meeting that was attended by prime minister narendra modi.
bhratruhari mahtab (bjd), sharad yadav (jd-u), k kesava rao (trs), sukhdev singh dhindsa (akali dal) among others wanted parliament to function and debate the controversies that have rocked the modi government during the inter-session period.
at the same time, naidu made clear the governments resolve to push for its legislative agenda during the session.
there is no question of accepting any ultimatum from anybody.
nobody can dictate terms to the government, he said.
the modi government also closed in the ranks.
the prime minister met top bjp leaders to discuss the parliamentary strategy and followed it up with the first ever meeting of nda constituents some of whom were striking a discordant note.
the government has lined up a heavy legislative agenda for the session that includes the gst bill and a law to regulate the real estate sector across the country.
bjp worried over raje son's financial dealsnew delhi, june 19, 2015, dhns 1:48 isttop bjp leaders dilemma over the strategy to adopt in the case of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, whose nexus with former ipl chairman lalit modi has thrown up a different dimension, has been accentuated by reports about her sons financial deals with the disgraced cricket administrator.
in fact, the central party leaders believe that they should rather wait for more revelations to tumble out before deciding on a response.
rajes ties with lalit modi came to the fore in 2006 when the latter acquired heritage havelis in amber, allegedly at throwaway prices, to turn them into high-end luxury hotels.
then jaipur divisional commissioner is said to have stated in a report that the deal was made through amber heritage city construction pvt ltd, later known as ananda heritage hotels, which had lalit modi and his wife minal on its board.
bjp leaders feel it will be difficult for raje and her son, jhalawar mp dushyant singh, to explain how modi, through ananda heritage, had reportedly given a loan of rs 11.
6 crore between 2007 and 2009, starting with an unsecured loan of rs 3.
8 crore in 2007.
the money was apparently invested in niyant heritage hotel, which singh and his wife had set up in 2005 with rs 1 lakh.
in three years, the price of each share of the company had gone up from rs 10 to rs 96,000.
in fact, two former directors of the ananda heritage, sajjan modi and satya narayan, are currently under probe by the enforcement directorate, according to bjp sources.
adding to the loan for her son, modi hosted raje along with others at the four season hotel in mumbai when he used the place as his headquarters.
raje stayed in a deluxe sea view room (no 3202) on march 11 and checked out on march 13.
her room was charged rs 19,719.
swaraj kaushal, the husband of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, also stayed at four seasons as modis lawyer.
the board for cricket control in india had refused to clear their bills.
though modis relationship with raje had undergone changes in the last two years, the former ipl chief made it a point to highlight his ties with her over two decades.
two days ago, modis aides released a set of documents that indicated that raje had supported his case for immigration in britain, with a secret statement to british authorities in august 2011.
he further claimed in a tv interview that he had known raje for over 30 years and she had accompanied his wife minal to portugal for cancer treatment.
so far, raje has sought to put up a brave front after she explained her position to bjp chief amit shah on wednesday.
raje is said to have explained her friendship with modis wife, claiming that the documents shown by tv channels were unverified and unsigned.
on thursday, rajes office said she has neither sought an appointment with shah nor has she been denied a meeting.
it also refuted reports that 30 bjp mlas went to delhi in support of raje.
a meeting that home minister rajnath singh had with prime minister narendra modi led to speculation that two leaders discussed the situation in rajasthan.
most bjp leaders, however, said it would not be easy for the central leadership to take a call on raje's future as she continues to enjoy support of bjp mlas.
in 2013, the bjps massive victory in the state polls was credited to her leadership and aggressive campaign.
that fact cannot be easily set aside if a decision is to be taken regarding her future.
in the ls polls, the bjp won all the 25 seats from the state, one bjp leader said.
sushma hails heroism of us national grillotnew delhi, mar 4, 2017, dhns: 2:16 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj hailed the heroism of ian grillot and sent a message to the us citizen, who was injured while trying to save two indian it professionals in kansas on february 22.
anupam ray, consul general of india in houston, travelled to kansas to meet grillot and his parents at kansas university hospital.
he conveyed to grillot the message from the external affairs minister.
grillot was hit by bullets when he tried to save srinivas kuchibhotla and alok madasani when they were targeted in an apparent hate crime at a bar in kansas.
kuchibhotla was killed and madasani injured.
kuchibhotla and madasani worked for multinational company garmin limited at olathe in kansas.
they were shot at by a local resident adam purinton, who, according to some reports in us media, hurled racial slur at his victims.
grillot was discharged from kansas university hospital on thursday.
kuchibhotla's wife sunayana dumala also thanked grillot in a facebook post.
meanwhile, a report from houston grillot has been released from the hospital.
the university of kansas health system said that grillot was released from the hospital on tuesday and has been invited to india to be recognised for his heroics.
new delhi, jan 20, 2015, dhns: 2:31 istthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) on monday announced that former ips officer kiran bedi will be the partys chief ministerial candidate in the february 7 delhi assembly polls.
after about a three-hour long back-to-back meeting of the bjps central election committee and parliamentary board which started at 7 pm, the party top brass unanimously decided to put its might behind the former team anna member.
the decision marks a major shift in the partys election strategy, as bedi is perhaps the only outsider who within fours days of induction into the bjp was declared the partys chief ministerial candidate.
bedi was intimated about the decision while she was on a roadshow around rohini area.
after the announcement, bedi said she was grateful to prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shah for showing faith in her.
after the two meetings, which were attended by modi and other senior leaders, including cabinet ministers rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, shah told reporters that bedi would be the partys chief ministerial candidate and would contest from the bjps traditional seat of krishna nagar in east delhi.
in the backdrop of a kejriwal vs bedi direct contest, shah stated that she was a well-known figure and a crusader against corruption and crime.
the list of candidates for the assembly polls was also cleared by the partys election committee, leaving seats for ally the shiromani akali dal.
shah said the safe seat was given to bedi so that she can devote time for campaigning for other candidates.
bedis projection, argued shah, will fulfil peoples expectations about their future leader and help the party return to power in delhi.
the party lost the 1998 assembly polls to the congress and never returned to power in the national capital owing to leadership crisis and intense internal fighting.
shah also read out bedis qualification to send a message to educated voters that she is equally, if not more, qualified than aam aadmi party leader arvind kejriwal.
on a question about east delhi mp manoj tiwari openly expressing reservation on bedis projection, shah denied that there were differences over choosing bedi as the chief ministerial candidate.
to quell dissidence in the party which is hurting polls prospects, home minister rajnath singh has been tasked to reach out to such leaders.
since entering the bjp on friday, bedi has not hid her ambitions of leading the party in the assembly elections which did not go down well with her party colleagues.
bengaluru woman ordered to strip at frankfurt airportapril 02, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 2:08 istshruthi basappa with her family.
courtesy facebooka woman from bengaluru travelling to iceland was asked to take off her clothes for a body search at the frankfurt airport.
shruthi basappa, who studied engineering at bms college in bengaluru, narrated her ordeal on facebook on march 30.
she said the airport staff had allowed her icelandic husband to pass through with just a pat-down, while they harassed her.
i was taken into a room, and was asked to lift my dress/take it off so that i could be checked to make sure i wasnt'carrying anything under my clothes.
this whole ordeal happened in front of my 4 year old, her post read.
security staff shouted at shruthi, who holds an indian passport and an icelandic residence permit, when she had sought a regular pat-down on the grounds that she had recently undergone abdominal surgery.
the supervisor at the airport stepped in and repeated the order before taking a look at shruthis husband and changing her mind, the post says.
i'd like to think i stood my ground, but i know in my heart that it was a peek at my 'appropriately light husband' that was the proof needed.
to say i am angry and upset is putting it lightly, she said, replying to a comment on her post.
a member of the airport frankfurt team responded to her post, asking her to email the airport.
i regret that the security check has been unpleasant for you, the reply read.
shruthi emailed the airport authorities, but was upset they were taking too long to respond.
sushma seeks reportexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from raveesh kumar, indias consul-general in frankfurt.
when social media users brought the story to her notice on twitter, she responded by tweeting to the official: raveesh - plz send me a report on this.
@cgifrankfurt.
rahul poser stuns mahila cong leadersnew delhi, july 9, 2015, dhns: 1:13 istwhy are you in the congress and not with the bjp?
this poser by no less than congress vice-president rahul gandhi stunned top leaders of the partys womens wing.
gathering their wits after an initial silence, the national executive members of the mahila congress recollected the shortcomings of the bjp when it came to upholding womens rights.
rahul was participating in an interactive session at the meeting of the national executive of the mahila congressthere is no place for women in the rss, said a member and added that women members found inadequate representation in the ruling party.
others recalled the contribution of late prime minister indira gandhi to nation building.
many said the congress does not discriminate against women and have adequate representation in all the frontal organisations.
rahul asked the womens wing to intensify their agitation against the narendra modi government.
he also assured them of giving more representation to women in the organisation and to field more candidates from among them in various elections.
encouraged by rahuls assurances, the mahila congress has advanced its protest against the modi government from august 6 to july 21.
mahila congress workers are planning to gather around 10,000 members for the protest against modis failure to take action against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for favouring former ipl boss lalit modi.
new delhi, aug 11, 2015, (pti): 13:26 istlok sabha today witnessed unabated ruckus with sloganeering congress members holding placards protesting against the government over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam, even as the government assured that it was ready to discuss all issues.
notwithstanding the pandemonium, speaker sumitra mahajan continued with the question hour amidst the din of slogan- shouting by congress members who were in the well.
left members joined the congress in the anti-government protest.
sp members, along with those from rjd and jd(u), also stormed the well demanding release of caste census data.
as unrelenting opposition members continued the protests, parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu said the government was ready to discuss all issues.
he said the lalit modi controversy and the opposition demand for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's resignation raised by the opposition is just an excuse, they want to stop gst bill.
the congress has also been demanding the resignation of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the same issue and that of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam.
the speaker's appeals to the protesting members in the well to return to their seats fell in deaf ears, saying their conduct was unruly.
i am not going to adjourn the house.
congress vice president rahul gandhi was also seen joining party colleagues in raising slogans from his seat and thumping desks.
congress president sonia gandhi and sp chief mulayam singh yadav, who had differed with the congress party about its protests in the house, were seen chatting before start of the proceedings.
earlier, the speaker rejected notices for adjournment motions moved by various members, including from congress and the left on various issues.
mahajan then took up question hour as the noisy protests continued.
responding to a supplementary question relating to food parks in uttar pradesh, food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal took a dig at rahul gandhi, without naming him, regarding the cancellation of a proposed food park in his constituency of amethi, an issue that had generated a lot of heat in the last parliament session.
while members from the treasury benches were seen thumping their desks at the minister's reply, congress members continued slogan-shouting.
from their seats, ysr congress members were also seen displaying placards demanding special status for andhra pradesh.
china defends projects in pok, justifies its objections in scsbeijing, jun 4, 2015, (pti) 12:12 istchina is opposed to india's oil exploration in the south china sea because it is a disputed area, but regards its ambitious usd 46 billion economic corridor through pakistan-occupied kashmir a livelihood project with issues left over from history.
both india and china advocate freedom of the navigation in the south china sea and there are no differences over it, according to huang xilian, deputy director general of the asian affairs of the foreign ministry.
india will react if a chinese company goes to a disputed area with a south asian neighbour, huang said, adding that likewise china objects to india's ongc participation in oil exploration in the wells in south china sea (scs) claimed by vietnam, he told an indian media delegation here.
ongc has been awarded oil exploration contracts by vietnam and china in the past voiced objections to indian state-owned firm's participation in vietnam's oil exploration projects if they fall into disputed areas.
india defended the projects saying that they are purely commercial projects and need not be politicised.
china claims sovereignty over almost all of scs which is objected by vietnam, the philippines, malaysia, brunei and taiwan.
asked why the same principle cannot be applied to chinese investments in pok specially the corridor which is also a commercial project, huang said the issues relating to the region are a left over from history.
we know the concern of the indian side and those projects are not political projects.
they are all for livelihood of people.
there is no commercial action by china in that part of the region, he said.
there is this kind of action for many years.
we do not side with the any party on the issue of the territory.
we have been advocating that the disputes should be solved through concerned parties through peaceful means.
the kind of commercial activities do not affect the position of china on the claimants of the territory, he said.
i am not talking which one is good and which one is bad.
i tried to explain our position on this.
we know your concern.
we tried to communicate to your side our position, he said.
india this week said it has conveyed its objections to china over cpec as it goes through the pok.
we lodged protest calling the chinese ambassador.
we lodged protest through our ambassador there (beijing).
and when the prime minister had gone there (to china), he talked about it very firmly.
about the silk road projects, huang said china proposed to find common interests between india's strategic initiatives in the region with that of the silk road projects to achieve common objective.
the silk road projects for which china has set up a usd 40 billion fund will strengthen connectivity to improve the infrastructure to provide better facilities for trade and enhance people to people exchanges, he said.
india has said it backs the projects wherever the synergies meet.
while new delhi is taking part in the bangladesh, china, india, myanmar (bcim) corridor, it is silent on the 21st century maritime silk road over its likely impact in its backyard the indian ocean.
a blend of different strokeslast updated: 28 december, 2011abhay kumar, patna, december 28, dhns: 18:36 istthe year 2011 was an eventful one for bihar where bjp patriarch l k advani kicked off his jan chetna yatra from the birthplace of jaya prakash narayan.
the year will also go into the annals of history as bihar became the first state to confiscate the house of a corrupt ias officer and open a school for underprivileged children.
to top it all, a genuine rags-to-riches story occurred when computer operator sushil kumar, earning barely rs 6,000 per month, became the first indian to win rs 5 crore in the popular game show kaun banega crorepati.
the year started on a gloomy note when chief minister nitish kumar lost his mother on new years day.
as pall of gloom descended on 1, aney marg, the official residence of nitish, the news of the death of former lok sabha speaker baliram bhagat also came.
bhagat was the first lok sabha member from bihar who presided over the lower house.
while people were discussing how 2011 had made a dismal beginning, another shock came when the ruling bjp mla from purnia, raj kishore kesri, was stabbed to death by his paramour rupam pathak.
rupam, a school principal, had alleged that she was being sexually exploited by the legislator for a long time, and, had taken the extreme step.
notwithstanding the downcast scenario, nitish upped the ante and vowed to root out corruption from bihar.
he asked all his ministers, legislators and government employees (right from class i to class iii) to declare their assets on the bihar government website.
this was followed annually by all, including the chief minister, ministers, mlas, mlcs and government servants.
in the run-up to the bihar assembly elections, nitish had made a promise to the people that if re-elected, he would set up government schools after confiscating buildings of corrupt officers in the state.
in less than a year, the promise was fulfilled when perhaps for the first time in the country, a palatial house of a senior ias officer s s verma was confiscated and a school was opened.
but there was some good news too.
a 1976-batch bihar cadre ias officer u k sinha who had studied in a government primary and secondary school, went on to become chairman of securities and exchange board of india .
although bad press was received when it came to light in march that pune-based hawala racketeer hasan ali khan managed to get a passport from patna in just seven days.
opposition parties charged the nitish regime with illegal allotment of vast tracts of land by the bihar industrial area development authority to the kin of the ministers and bureaucrats.
later, a clean chit was given to the beneficiaries,  lost some of the sheen about his assiduously-cultivated image of a no-nonsense chief minister.
notwithstanding the blot, one person - l k advani - stood by him like a rock.
but lo and behold  as the luxurious rath, an isuzu bus (equipped with a sky lift and communication facilities, including tv, computer and public address system), was flagged off at chapra, - sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley - fell ill, prompting many in the saffron camp to term it as an inauspicious start.
however, bihar had its glamour quotient when superstar amitabh bachchan flew down to patna for the first time to promote prakash jhas aarakshan.
half of the patna roads remained jammed on the day as a frenzied crowd hit the streets.
indo-pak fs-level talks unlikely this weeknew delhi, jan 11, 2016, (pti): 21:06 istthe indo-pak foreign secretary-level talks appear to be unlikely this week with india taking the stand that pakistan has to act on the leads given to it about the terror attack on the pathankot air base.
sartaj azia, foreign policy adviser to pakistan prime minister, has said that the foreign secretary talks would be held on january 15 but national security adviser ajit doval was quoted as having said said that talks can be held only after action, a stand from which he has distanced himself later.
reports from pakistan today claimed that law enforcement agencies have picked up some suspects connected to pathankot airbase attack from bahwalapur district, the hometown of maulana masood azhar, chief of banned terror outfit jaish-e-mohammed.
pakistani news channel ary news reported today that some arrests have been made in this regard but police did not confirm any arrest related to the pathankot attack.
however, there is nothing officially has been said about it.
it is unlikely that foreign secretary jaishankar would travel to islamabd as planned this thursday for talks with his pakistan counterpart for the comprehensive bilateral dialogue agreed to between the two countries when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited pakistan last month.
swaraj today went to home minister rajnath singh's residence and is understood to have discussed the issue during a meeting that lasted about 20 minutes.
but there was no official word on the meeting.
meanwhile, congress attacked the government over the uncertainty on the fs-level talks, saying foreign policy is not conducted in such a way.
party spokesman abhishek singhvi said no less a person than doval has further compounded and confounded the confusion that seems to have become this government's hall mark as far as dealing with extremely serious and sensitive issues of national security are concerned.
he said the nsa was reported to have told a newspaper in an interview that there would be no peace talks now till pakistan takes action against pathankot terrorists and india is satisfied with pakistans efforts and then denied the entire interview.
modi at our beck and call for karnataka campaign: state bjpbangalore, apr 8, 2013(pti) 16:58 istthe bjp today sought to put at rest speculation over whether narendra modi will campaign in karnataka, maintaining that the gujarat chief minister had made it clear that he will be at their beck and call and conduct a whirlwind tour to help bjp retain power.
on persistent speculation on whether modi would give a pass to the campaigning as the bjp government was dogged by corruption charges and dissidence within the party, president rajnath singh, karnataka chief minister jagadish shettar and senior leader ananth kumar issued a quick rebuttal.
singh spoke via video conference from the national capital after a private jet carrying him, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley on their way to address a rally here to kick-off party's campaign for may 5 elections, landed under emergency conditions at delhi airport with the trip being cancelled.
referring to media reports which suggested that modi and party stalwart l k advani might stay away from campaign, he categorically said these were untrue and all the central leaders would travel to karnataka to address public meetings.
on how many days modi would spend in karnataka for campaigning, ananth kumar quoted him as saying, it's not a question of how many days.
i will conduct whirlwind tour to bring back bjp to power in karnataka.
new delhi, july 19, 2015, dhns: 1:15 istthe congress on sunday set the tone for its belligerent stand against the modi government in the monsoon session of parliament, which starts from tuesday.
in a message to the government, the congress said it would be difficult for the bjp-led coalition to ensure smooth running of the upcoming session if union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan did not step down within 24 hours.
it is not in the hands of the opposition to ensure smooth functioning of parliament.
it is the job of the government.
they have to decide whether they want to run parliament smoothly and pass bills.
we and the people of the country are hopeful that prime minister narendra modi will announce the resignation of the ministers when he comes to parliament, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad told reporters.
the resignations would also give the bjp an opportunity to improve its image, he added.
this is the first time in indian history that witnesses are being killed, be it the vyapam case in madhya pradesh or the case of asaram bapu.
it is also perhaps the first time in the history of independent india that a (union) minister and (two) chief ministers are facing serious allegations but not stepping down, said azad.
the congress leader also said it was not even considering taking action against its tainted ministers, while ministers either resigned on their own or were asked to step down by the congress leadership even over petty issues following demands from the bjp during the united progressive alliance (upa) regime.
this is a government with thick skin.
responding to the oppositions demand, the union home minister (rajnath singh) says its not a upa government, its an nda government.
this means the nda has no regard for the people's feeling, no respect for democracy.
they dont care for anything, said azad.
azad indicated that other opposition parties would also come on a common platform with the congress to demand the resignation sushmaswaraj , raje, and chouhan from day one of the monsoon session.
they feel the same way we do.
i am sure you (the media) will come to know about it (other opposition parties' stand) in a day or two, he said.
during the session, the congress will also press for the resignation of hrd minister smriti irani, raising the issue of discrepancy in her qualification as a delhi court recently took cognizance of a complain case in this regard.
world take to mat, bend, twist to mark inaugural yoga daymelbourne/london, jun 21, 2015 (pti) 15:46 istthousands of yoga enthusiasts across the world today took to mats and stretched, bent and twisted their bodies in multiple complex postures as they marked the inaugural international day of yoga, celebrating the ancient indian spiritual practice.
more than a thousand people took part in several events across australia to mark the day, with prime minister tony abott appreciating yoga's universal appeal.
for thousands of years, yoga has provided its followers with a guide to bringing their mind, body and spirit into balance, abott said.
yoga's universal and growing popularity demonstrates its appeal to people from all the walks of life and its great potential to foster better health among individuals and populations around the world, he said.
melbourne saw over 500 people gathered at the springers leisure centre to kick off the day with 'surya namaskar' and bending and twisting their bodies in complex postures.
several mps including victoria's speaker telmo languiller, inga peulich, anthony byrne attended the ceremony by lighting the lamp in the presence of indian consul-general in melbourne manika jain.
yoga events were also held at sydney's popular bondi beach and in the australian capital canberra.
in the uk, hundreds gathered across cities to celebrate the day with the main event on the bank of the river thames in london.
it was held at bernie-spain garden, on the south bank of thames.
british prime minister david cameron said in his message: the uk is pleased to support international yoga day.
we were one of 177 countries to vote in favour of prime minister modi's proposal and we are pleased to see the enthusiasm with which it is being embraced, both in uk and around the world.
in china, events were organised at the prestigious peking university and geely university.
people from different walks of life took part in the exercise.
about a week ahead of the international yoga day, the india-china yoga college was inaugurated at yunnan minzu university in kunming, the first such college in the country.
un secretary general ban ki-moon expressed his excitement at the first international day of yoga during his meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new york, saying the day has garnered unprecedented enthusiasm around the world.
ready to hand over cricket betting cases to cbi: georgebelagavi, july 11.
2015, dhns: 1:56 istgovt woke up to incident only after oppn raised issue, says shettarhome minister k j george on friday said the state government was ready to hand over cricket betting cases to the cbi for investigation.
cricket betting is an international issue.
persons involved in it operate from mumbai, delhi and even from abroad.
the government is serious about tackling the issue.
it is not averse to referring such cases to the cbi, he added, intervening in a debate on the issue in the legislative assembly.
earlier, shettar, while making a preliminary submission seeking to move an adjournment motion on the issue, said cricket betting was rampant in the state.
influential persons, including some police officials, are supporting this illegal activity.
youth are going astray and spoiling their career because of this.
a kannada news channel recently conducted a sting operation in hubballi and exposed how influential people are involved in the racket.
instead of taking steps to arrest the culprits, the government has filed a case against the channel, he charged.
he said the government woke up only when the opposition parties and the media raised the issue.
except for suspending one or two police officials, no action was taken to stop the illegal activity.
cricket betting continues in the state.
it appears that the government is trying to shield those involved in betting, he said.
george tried to hit back raising the lalitgate issue.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje have helped former ipl chief lalit modi get a visa.
my party is not involved in any such acts.
shettar is trying to project cricket betting as a big issue for the sake of publicity, he said.
this led to verbal exchanges between the members of the ruling and the opposition parties.
speaker kagodu thimmappa intervened and said he would allow a discussion on the issue under a different rule on monday.
road accidentslater, replying to a question by congress k r ramesh kumar, the home minister said as many as 25,808 people had died in road accidents since 2012 in the state.
of this, 19,958 cases are in the court, he added.
cases of drunken driving are on the increase in the state: 7,893 cases in 2012, 8,077 in 2013 and 8,329 in 2014, he said.
swaraj, who addressed the first international day of yoga celebrations at the un, also attended a function marking the day at the hindu temple society of north america yesterday.
while yoga is one of india's most important gifts to the world, the un's decision to commemorate the day underlines the appreciation for india and its growing soft power, she said.
they were all united by the awareness of the power of yoga, she said.
the external affairs minister said today we have made a good beginning and the future is filled with immense possibilities.
she cited the benefits of yoga in the treatment of asthma, diabetes, drug addiction and heart disease.
yoga is about self discovery and self acceptance, she said.
yesterday, while addressing the international day of yoga celebrations at the un, she had said yoga should not be seen as belonging to any particular religion and the ancient spiritual practice can serve as the perfect antidote to stem negative tendencies and move humanity on the path of peace in a world beset by violence and conflict.
the entire world is one family, and we can unite it with yoga.
at a time when ethnic conflicts and extremist violence are threatening to destabilise societies, yoga can serve as the perfect antidote to stem such negative tendencies and move us on the path of harmony and peace, she had said.
tens of thousands yoga enthusiasts around the world yesterday took to mats in a symbol of universality of the ancient indian spiritual practice as they marked the maiden international day of yoga.
june 21 was declared as theinternational day of yoga by the un in december last year after prime minister narendra modi proposed the idea during his first address to the un general assembly in september.
the proposal was co-sponsored by 177 nations, out of 193 member states of the un, creating a new record for the highest number of co-sponsoring countries ever for an unga resolution of such nature.
last updated: 23 july, 2011ajith athrady, new delhi, july 23, dhns: 0:26 istis embattled chief minister b s yeddyurappa trying to push his trusted protege shobha karandlaje as his successor, if forced to resign in the wake of his likely indictment by the lokayukta report, in the mining scam?
this has been the buzz in the political circle in the national capital for the past few days, though bjp officially refuse (refused) to comment on the issue.
the chief minister, who was here to meet prime minister manmohan singh, seeking coal allocation to the states pending power projects, last week, also met all top bjp leaders.
courtsey callhe was understood to have taken karandlaje with him to all these meetings and discussed with them the issue of her becoming his successor.
though the chief minister termed it a courtsey call, sources close to him told deccan herald that yeddyurappa, who had an inkling that the lokayukta report would land him in trouble, brought karandlaje along and took her to meet top bjp leaders including l k advani, nitin gadkari, arun jaitely and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he was also learnt to have asked the party leaders to make him as the state bjp unit president, promising to bring the party back to power in the next state elections.
unlike his previous meeting with senior party leaders in delhi, where he used to come with ministers like higher education minister v s acharya or law minister suresh kumar, during his last visit he was accompanied only by the power minister.
this raised many eyebrows in the party circle.
surprisingly, his son and mp b y raghavendra was conspicuous by his absence during the visit.
sources close to the chief minister told deccan herald that yeddyurappa went on a week-long tour of mauritius, along with family members ,numbering around 20, just to convince them about his move to install shobha as his successor.
the chief minister, who is very keen that his family should not be hostile to his decision on this issue, wants his familys stamp of approval on his future move.
sources in the know of the development further said that fearing that the lokayukta would nail him, yeddyurappa proposed shobhas name when the issue of alternative options was discussed in the bjp state committee meeting held on july 14- 15 at hubli.
however it was strongly opposed by some vokkaliga leaders, including home minister r ashok.
indians 'mistreated' by company to return from sri lanka todaynew delhi: jan 6, 2015 pti 9:33 istthe indian nationals allegedly mistreated by an indian company in sri lanka will return on tuesday with the government making arrangements for their immediate travel from the indian community welfare fund (icwf).
all the indians will arrive tomorrow.
arrangements have been made by our mission in colombo for all the indians involved in labour dispute with indian company in sri lanka to travel, official spokesperson in external affairs ministry syed akbaruddin had said on monday.
he said the arrangements were made from icwf.
the labourers, mainly from bihar and uttar pradesh, were working with a south india-based company dealing in steel.
on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had taken serious note of complaints against the indian company and directed the indian mission in colombo to make immediate arrangements for their return.
the government also is contemplating strict action against the erring company, according to government sources.
it is a routine visit, says yeddyurappalast updated: 12 february, 2011bangalore, feb 12, (pti): 12:18 istkarnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa on saturday said no significance should be attached to his two-day visit to delhi and termed it as a ''routine visit''.
bjp is a national party.
as chief minister of a state, i am duty bound to brief my high command leaders on the political situation in the state and also seek their guidance, yeddyurappa told reporters after a meeting of ministers and senior leaders he had convened at his private residence here.
yeddyurappa who called senior leaders like l k advani, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj in the last two days in delhi said he sought suggestions and guidance from them.
yeddyurappa is under battering from opposition parties to quit in the wake of governor h r bhardwaj giving sanction to prosecute him on allegations of corruption.
the chief minister appealed to congress and jds to cooperate with the government during the budget session, obviously seeking their help in conducting the legislature session.
opposition parties disrupted the session demanding the resignation by yeddyurappa government over the land scams it faced.
japan extends support to development projects in north-eastanirban bhaumik, new delhi, jan 18, 2015, dhns: 2:24 istjapan on saturday offered support to developmental projects in north-east india by way of building an energy network to enhance connectivity in south and south east asia.
new delhi was quick to welcome tokyos offer to support development in the north-east, where china has persistently tried to gain influence.
japan minister for foreign affairs fumio kishida extended japans support to build an energy network for the south asia association for regional cooperation (saarc) and association of south east asian nations (asean) at the indian council of world affairs here.
the government of japan intends to support the construction of an energy network within the saarc region for enhancing regional connectivity, kishida said during his speech.
furthermore, for the enhancement of connectivity between saarc and asean, japan will strengthen its assistance by supporting development initiatives in north-east india, which will serve as a connective node between the two regions.
kishida, however, clarified that tokyo at present had no plan to provide any aid to arunachal pradesh, which beijing claims to be a part of chinese territory.
you specifically pointed out arunachal pradesh, a territory which is pending in terms of the india-china dispute, and to my understanding japan currently has no plans to provide aid to that state, he said in a reply to a question after his speech.
later, during a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, kishida is understood to have formally offered tokyos assistance to projects in the north-east.
sources said swaraj not only accepted the offer, but also discussed with the japanese minister the kind of projects that new delhi and tokyo could jointly take up in the region.
indias immediate and positive response to japans support has come of as a definitive move to counter chinas proposed bangladesh-china-india-myanmar economic corridor (bcim-ec).
security establishments in new delhi have been apprehensive about the project beijing has envisaged, even though it had backed a track-ii study group on the corridor.
once complete, the bcim-ec would expose indias north-eastern states, which are areas of many secessionist insurgencies and ethnic conflicts, as well as its eastern frontier to the growing economic influence of china.
new delhi is also wary of strategic assets china is building around india.
japans offer to support projects for enhancing connectivity in south asia appear to be in sync with indias strategic objective of minimising chinas influence in its neighbourhood.
both japan and china are among the observers in the saarc.
india has been resisting pressure from pakistan and other members of the saarc to allow observers to play a greater role in the bloc, as it would help beijing raise its clout across south asia.
new delhi, july 18, 2015 (dhns): 0:56 istthe vhp has put the nda government in a tight spot ahead of parliaments monsoon session next week with its patron ashok singhal on saturday declaring that india will be a hindu nation by 2020, following the bjps victory in the 2014 polls.
singh described the 2014 general elections as a revolution in the country.
i was at the sai baba ashram where sai baba told me by 2020 the entire country will be hindu by 2030 the entire world will be hindu.
i feel that revolution has started, he said at a function to mark the release of a book on the life and work of former rss chief k s sudarshan, who died in 2012.
the vhp leader said the bjps electoral win ended 800 years of slavery and this is not a modest revolution.
it will not remain confined to india but present a new ideology before the world.
sudarshan ji was not only a saint but a visionary who had predicted that a revolutionary change in the country will begin in 2012 and ultimately that happened in 2014, he said, alluding to the bjp-led alliances victory in the 2014 lok sabha polls.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who took part in the function, spoke about the role of sudarshan who, she said, had genuine concern for the development of the country and advocated the swadeshi model of development.
singhals remarks came after a break in controversial statements by the sangh hotheads, who were asked by the rss leadership to fall silent.
modi and the bjp chief had complained that rows created by them were aiding the opposition to divert attention from the work of the nda government, which was keen to revive the economy and bring much needed investment in infrastructure and other sectors.
modi, who avoided the controversies initially, was later forced by the opposition to break his silence in february over religious freedom.
since then, he has spoken a number of times on protecting the rights of minority communities, with the latest one being in june, when he told muslim leaders that he doesnt believe in politics that divides people on communal lines.
on july 8, modi at the nazarbayev university in kazakhstan praised indias islamic heritage, in a tone that was in direct contrast with the sangh parivar.
the pm used the example to highlight the fight against terror, pointing out how true islam has always rejected the forces of extremism.
meanwhile, rss mouthpiece organiser flayed holding of iftar parties by political parties, saying they amounted to secular tokenism and go against the rituals spirit which requires common meals to be fed to poor rather than to well-fed political guests.
the editorial titled the secular tokenism said such rituals were ridiculous and the tokenism involved encouraged minorityism and undermined the indian ethos by harping on identity politics.
for the second straight year, modi did not attend the iftar hosted by president pranab mukherjee at the rashtrapati bhawan.
but senior bjp ministers  home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley  turned up.
pm modi wants to revamp cabinet, but can't find the peoplenew delhi, dec 30, 2015, (reuters): 12:53 istafter a drubbing in a state poll in november, indian prime minister narendra modi wants to overhaul his cabinet to weed out underperformers and improve his government's image.
problem is, several sources said, he can't find the right replacements.
as new delhi buzzes with speculation about changes in several ministries, senior members of the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) and a close aide to modi said some changes could come early next year but the talent pool was too shallow to engineer a major revamp.
pressure is mounting on modi to revive his party's fortunes.
nearly two years after he swept to power on a promise of jobs and growth, the shine is coming off - reforms to revive investment have withered and the economy is stuttering.
rural distress has grown after two successive droughts.
the challenge is to identify the right candidates who can deliver fast-paced reforms and policies in their work sphere, the prime minister's aide said.
articulate and suave, finance minister arun jaitley has been considered for the defence portfolio, another high-profile role that is crucial to modi's geopolitical ambitions and plans to boost indian industry.
but there was no one to take jaitley's place in finance, the sources said.
a spokesman for modi declined to comment.
an official in jaitley's office said they didn't have any knowledge of a possible reshuffle.
modi tends to keep such decisions close to his chest, and the sources said the final decision lay with the prime minister.
they added that he has yet to make up his mind on the changes, and that nothing has been confirmed.
another close aide to the prime minister dismissed talk of a reshuffle as speculation, saying it had no basis.
dearth of talentthe problem with the government's search for talent is that modi's hindu nationalist administration is loath to tap people who are associated with other ideologies, such as liberals or the left.
at the same time, the right-wing intelligentsia has not developed after decades of rule by the centrist congress party, under which liberal institutions flourished.
compared to the congress, we have a smaller talent pool and less exposure, but it's only a matter of time that we expand our base, bjp vice president vinay sahasrabuddhe said.
he said modi has embarked on the process of fine-tuning the government machinery and also send a concrete signal that inefficiency will be checked.
bjp's defeat in bihar state polls earlier this year led to calls from within the party and the hindu group that is its ideological parent, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), to remove ministers and party officials who failed to deliver.
although a general election is not due until 2019, the government's fortunes will depend on upcoming provincial polls, including an election in bellwether uttar pradesh state in 2017.
top rss and bjp leaders are expected to meet in new delhi in the second week of january, where these issues are likely to be discussed.
a revamp is also expected to send the message that modi will not tolerate remarks by ministers that fan intolerance against india's non-hindu minorities.
junior ministers giriraj singh and niranjan jyoti could be removed after they made public remarks construed as anti-minority, the sources said.
singh's and jyoti's offices said they have no information about modi's reshuffle plans.
some ministers are also looking for a change.
swaraj's office said they will not comment about her plans.
road transport minister nitin gadkari was offered additional charge of the agriculture ministry, but he declined saying he already had too big a job, the sources said.
a source in gadkari's office declined to comment, calling it a hypothetical question.
modi is looking to the rss and may go further afield in southern and northeastern states to find new, lesser-known faces to bring to his government, his aide said.
that would also give his cabinet a more pan-india feel, the aide said.
sushma swaraj's helicopter fails to land in shillongshillong, nov 14, 2014 (ians) 13:12 istthe helicopter in which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was travelling in meghalaya friday failed to land here due to poor visibility, an official said.
sushma swaraj has cancelled her visit to shillong as the mi-17 helicopter of the indian air force carrying her couldn't land at the helipad due to bad weather, sanjay goyal, district magistrate of east khasi hills, told ians.
sushma swaraj was accompanied by minister of state for external affairs and overseas indian affairs general v.k. singh (retd).
he, however, said the helicopter landed safely at the lokpriya gopinath bordoloi international airport in guwahati.
the external affairs minister was scheduled to inaugurate shillong passport seva kendra, which will now be inaugurated by meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma in the later part of the day.
the passport seva kendra was constructed with the support from the meghalaya government while the central government contributed around rs.30 lakh to the project.
the bjp-led nda government had resolved to set up passport seva kendras in all districts across india.
there are 77 passport seva kendras, which are acting as extended arms of 37 passport offices across the country.
according to the ministry, passport seva enables simple, efficient and transparent processes for delivery of passports and related services.
moreover, the passport seva kendra will integrate with the state police for physical verification of applicant's credentials and with india post for delivery of passports.
the passport seva kendra will be a boon to residents of meghalaya who in the past have to go to the regional passport office at guwahati for their passports.
'gst to boost ties with us'new delhi, aug 9, 2016, dhns 1:35 istwith the gst coming closer to reality, new delhi hopes that india-us strategic and commercial dialogue, scheduled later this month, will add new momentum to bilateral trade and economic ties.
new delhi is set to highlight parliaments approval to the constitution amendment bill for rollout of the unified goods and services tax regime as a major achievement of prime minister narendra modis government in pursuit of the reforms he promised to make it easier to do business in india, including for foreign companies.
the second india-us strategic and commercial dialogue is going to be the first major foreign engagement of the modi government after the bill was passed by the lok sabha and the rajya sabha.
secretary of state john kerry and secretary of commerce penny pritzker will lead the delegation from the us.
indian delegation will be led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, officials told the dh.
washington has been prodding new delhi over the past several years to simplify tax code and make it easier for the us companies to do business in india.
the issue figured prominently in the first india-us strategic and commercial dialogue held in washington on september 22, 2015.
it was also discussed during the prime ministers meetings with us president barack obama, including when they met at the white house in washington on june 8 this year.
not received summons, never met rahul: lalit modinew delhi, aug 12, 2015, (ians) 15:46 istformer ipl commissioner lalit modi said he has not received any enforcement directorate summons and described as hogwash charges of misappropriating money.
in an interview to india today tv, modi also denied having met congress vice president rahul gandhi or priyanka gandhi vadra - in a u-turn from his tweets in early july where he alleged that rahul gandhi and his brother-in-law robert vadra were beneficiaries during his tenure as ipl commissioner.
modi told india today channel that the controversy is only a bigger circus around me now.
there are no charges against me as i have received no summons till date.
i was told that the summons were sent through email but i have not received them till today, he said, referring to reports that the ed is seeking an interpol red corner notice (rcn) against him.
modi faces charges of money laundering against him in connection with the indian premier league, the annual cricket tournament.
the charges that i have taken money from world sport group (wsg) is hogwash.
it was a deal between sony and wsg, i had nothing to do with it.
they find a non-issue to target me, he said.
i've also got a letter from interpol that no red corner notice will be issued against me and i'll be allowed to present my case, he added.
modi also termed the charges against him as politically motivated.
the fact that the parliament has been stalled for the past 20 days shows that this issue is politically motivated.
asked if he had met rahul gandhi and priyanka gandhi vadra, as he alleged in his tweets, modi said: i have never said that i met rahul gandhi or priyanka.
asked why he can't come to india and represent himself at the courts, modi said: my life has been under threat from the underworld.
i don't want to take a chance with my security.
the monsoon session of parliament has been stalled over modi's alleged links with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
sushma swaraj had helped modi procure travel documents in july last year to facilitate his travel from london to portugal for treatment of his cancer-stricken wife on humanitarian grounds.
politicos show bonhomienew delhi, aug 9, 2013, dhns: 1:05 ista rare bonhomie was reflected on twitter when bjp president rajnath singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj went on to the social networking site but not for instigating political discourse.
senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday refused to sidestep jammu and kashmir (j&k) chief minister omar abdullah, while expressing concern over kishtiwar communal flare up on the day of eid.
bjp president rajnath singh also tweeted that he had spoken to prime minister manmohan singh about the communal clashes and was assured that peace will return.
he desisted from taking any political advantage over the situation which was reflected in his tweet had a telephonic conversation with the prime minister regarding outbreak of violent clashes in kishtwar district of jammu.
the prime minister assured me that the situation would be quickly brought under control as the army has been called out.
after greeting the people for eid and teej festival over twitter, swaraj tweeted to abdullah: i have checked up from kishtwar.
many injured.
houses and shops burnt.
pl(ease) do something.
the chief minister replied, injuries and damage on both sides.
situation is being brought under control.
adequate forces sent.
allaying fears that she was not indulging in politics, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha wrote back, i am not referring to any side.
everyone injured there is a hindustani.
the chief minister, however, apprised her of attempts to inflame passions and polarise people by spreading lies on mutilations in kishtwar and suggested swaraj to have a word with northern army commander or the dgp to get more information on the ground situation.
the communication went back and forth when she said, no.
i will not bypass the chief minister of j&k.
law and order is a state subject.
and she signed off the handle announcing that the chief minister called her to inform that army flag march is on and more forces were being rushed to restore normalcy in the area.
in the past six months, we have moved with speed and resolve, rarely seen in indian external engagement, to rebuild our partnerships across the world.
we have set new milestones and reached new frontiers in indias foreign policy.
modi made bhutan his first foreign destination after taking over as prime minister on may 26.
he traveled to thimphu on june 15 and 16.
he later visited fortaleza in brazil to attend the brics summit in mid-july.
he visited nepal in august and japan in september.
he also visited washington dc for a meeting with us president barack obama on september 30 after attending the united nations general assembly.
he visited myanmar for east asia summit and australia for the g-20 summit in november.
he traveled to fiji on november 19.
modi also visited kathmandu to attend the 18th saarc summit.
we have revived important relationships that have long suffered from neglect.
we have shown our will to speak clearly on our security interests and defend them robustly.
our pursuit of global aspirations has been accompanied by global engagement, she said.
she said that indias engagement with the united states also helped secure interests on new delhi on food security in the world trade organisation.
our engagement with the united states also helped secure our interests in food security in the wto and advance the negotiations on the doha development round of wto.
new delhi, july 21, 2015 (pti) 16:19 istrajya sabha failed to transact any significant business today on the first day of the monsoon session as opposition pressed for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as also chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh over various controversies.
while lok sabha was adjourned immediately after it met for the day as a mark of tribute to a sitting member who passed away recently, rajya sabha saw repeated adjournments with opposition members creating uproar, including by trooping into the well of the house.
the government maintained that it was ready to discuss the controversy related to lalit modi in which swaraj and raje are under attack, the opposition insisted on resignations before any debate could be taken up in the house.
amid war of words and slogan-shouting by congress members in the well of the house, bjp accused the opposition of running away from a debate.
trouble started as soon as the upper house met for the day and obituary references were made, with anand sharma of congress raising the matter related to lalit modi controversy and demanded a reply from prime minister narendra modi.
swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are under attack for their links with lalit modi, the former ipl chairman who is being investigated by the enforcement directorate in an alleged money laundering case.
sharma asked why swaraj had requested british government to issue travel documents to lalit modi two and a half months after nda came to power in june last year.
sharma also raised the issue of affidavit signed by raje favouring lalit modi.
the prime minister had assured to ensure transparency, accountability in governance and acting against those indulging in corrupt practices.
.
.
where is the probity left?
you have violated the dignity, he said.
amid objections from the treasury benches to his remarks, congress members trooped into the well of the house.
congress was joined by cpi(m) and samajwadi party in its demand for resignations, leading to uproar and five adjournments till 3 pm, when the house was adjourned for the day.
in the midst of pandemonium, finance minister arun jaitley introduced the negotiable instruments (amendment) bill, over which the government had issued an ordinance in june.
while raking up the lalit modi issue, sharma questioned the humanitarian grounds on which britain was requested by swaraj to issue the travel documents to him.
the congress leader alleged that lalit modi was travelling around the world as if on a pleasure trip and as a tourist.
jaitley, the leader of the house, said the government was ready for an immediate discussion and that swaraj could make a statement on the issue.
please start a discussion immediately.
you don't want a discussion.
.
.
.
you don't have to press your case for a discussion.
i am making an offer and would suggest .
.
.
if they want to start a discussion, then start it immediately.
if they want a statement from the external affairs minister, we are ready for it.
sushma swaraj will make a statement within five minutes, jaitley said.
but congress members continued to create an uproar.
cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury said serious allegations have come up against ministers and chief ministers of states.
he said that a discussion in the house was not a substitution to an investigation.
let there be a high-level investigation and till the investigation is over, let these people demit office, he said.
naresh agarwal (sp) too said, first they (swaraj and raje) should resign and only then can a discussion be allowed and the house can function.
he said an entire session was washed out in a similar situation earlier when bjp was in opposition and did not allow the house to run after allegations against some ministers.
in mathura, the prime minister, on completion of one year of his government, had said there is no allegation against any minister of his government.
but now several chief ministers and ministers are under cloud, agarwal said.
criticising the opposition for the uproar, jaitley said it was a farcical discussion on whether to have a discussion.
what are you discussing?
allow the motion and start discussion when the government has already supported it (motion for discussion), he said.
as deputy chairman p j kurien allowed yechury to speak, jaitley said, are you giving sitaram yechury a television opportunity?
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi joined jaitley, saying we are ready for discussion.
to this, kurien retorted simply because the government is ready to discuss, it is not necessary that the chair will allow it.
he said the decision will be taken after listening to others and yechury is having the floor and nobody else.
agarwal, while seeking permission to speak on the lalit modi issue, said his notice under section 267 was accepted by the chair but house was adjourned due to disturbance when anand sharma started speaking.
there was no hearing, agarwal said, as ruling bjp members demanded starting of a discussion on the matter.
kurien said, i am not going to stop anybody.
i have not allowed moving of the motion as i want to take a decision on the issue.
he also chided the opposition members asking why are you creating trouble?
yechury, while hitting out at jaitley, said when the leader of the house was the leader of the opposition during the upa rule, at that time, in similar cases, an entire session was washed out.
jaitley had then stated that a discussion in the house was not a substitute for impartiality of people in allegation and they should not remain in position, yechury said, charging the bjp with not adopting the same yardstick now when they are in the treasury benches.
modi, sirisena hold talks on nuclear, other strategic issuesnew delhi, feb 16, 2015 (pti): 14:32 istprime minister narendra modi and sri lankan president maithripala sirisena today held talks during which they discussed bilateral civil nuclear cooperation among other key strategic issues.
on his maiden foreign trip after assuming office, sirisena, who arrived here yesterday on a four-day visit, also held comprehensive discussions with the prime minister on ways to enhance economic ties.
india and sri lanka leaders discussed measures to enhance economic ties.
the leaders discussed four agreements, spokesperson of the external affairs ministry syed akbaruddin said as president sirisena and prime minister modi met at hyderabad house here.
the four pacts which were discussed include those on civil nuclear cooperation, culture and agriculture.
the issue of peace and reconciliation process in the island nation was discussed during the meeting spread over a working lunch, hosted by modi.
earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting dignitary.
according to presidential advisors in colombo, 63-year -old sirisena, who had dethroned mahinda rajapaksa from his 10-year rule after a bitter presidential poll on january 9, was desirous of making a new beginning in the indo-lanka relations.
india has been hoping that the new lankan government will develop the country on the foundation of genuine and effective reconciliation creating harmony among all sections there.
india has also been pressing for implementation of 13th amendment to the sri lankan constitution on devolution of powers.
no signing of teesta pact during modi's b'desh visit: swarajnew delhi, may 31, 2015, (pti): 22:26 istindia today said the long-pending teesta water-sharing pact with bangladesh will not be signed during prime minister narendra modi's visit to that country beginning june 6.
announcing this external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said views of west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, who is accompanying modi to bangladesh, will be taken before making a final decision on the pact.
we have not reached a position for signing of the teesta pact.
the teesta deal was set to be inked during the then prime minister manmohan singh's visit to bangladesh in september 2011 but was postponed at the last minute due to objections by banerjee, who had also dropped out of the prime ministerial delegation.
mamata banerjee is definitely going there.
teesta water is crucial for bangladesh, especially in the leanest period from december to march when the water flow often temporarily comes down to less than 1,000 cusecs from 5,000 cusecs.
modi's maiden visit to bangladesh is expected to give a new momentum to overall bilateral ties as it follows passage of a constitution amendment bill which will provide for implementation of the 1974 land boundary pact and settle the 41-year-old border issue between the two countries.
identifying water-sharing as an important issue, the external affairs minister said both countries will have to talk about 54 rivers along with teesta.
last week, bangladesh had hoped that the pact will be inked during modi's trip.
india has been pressing for deportation of chetia, who is lodged in a dhaka jail for over 17 years.
on ties with sri lanka, she said the visit of president maithripala sirisena immediately after assuming charge following the election victory and modi's visit there reflected the vibrancy in ties between the two countries.
on emotive fishermen issue, she asked the sri lankan authorities to stay away from making provocative statements which would vitiate the conducive atmosphere to resolve the issue which pertained to livelihood and required humanitarian approach.
there was a joint meeting between fishermen of both the countries.
the proposal by our fishermen has been rejected by them.
swaraj's comments came in response to remarks by sri lankan fisheries minister mahinda amaraweera, who last week said, not 65 days, we will not agree for even 65 hours while rejecting india's proposal to allow its fishermen to catch fish in lankan waters for 65 days a year.
talking about execution of various india-aided projects in sri lanka and bhutan, she said new delhi would ensure that those were completed with transparency.
shemin joy new delhi: feb 2, 2016, dhns 2:17 istprime minister narendra modi has rs 4,700 cash in hand, law minister d v sadananda gowda owns a gun and a revolver while ramvilas paswans wife runs a petrol pump in delhi, according to their latest declaration of assets.
hrd minister smriti iranis husband zubin owns a fibreglass boat while civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju, a scion of vizayanagram royal family, still has a 1982 model jeep and a nano car.
rajus deputy mahesh sharma, however, has a prado and lancer, both high-end four-wheelers.
though assets of all ministers as on march 31, 2015, have not been uploaded in the official website of the prime minister, available documents make an interesting read.
modis assets have grown to rs 1.
41 crore mainly due to appreciation of a residential property he owns in gandhinagar.
his investments include national savings certificates worth about rs 5.
45 lakh and life insurance policies worth rs 1.
99 lakh.
the prime minister also owns four gold rings weighing 45 grams and valued at rs 1.
18 lakh.
he had listed rs 1.
21 lakh as its value in august 2014.
gowda has a .
32 revolver he bought in 2002 for rs 55,000 besides a gun he bought for rs 5,000 in 1989.
while he boasts of a prado and land cruiser, he also has a mobile phone which he bought for rs 3,500 in 2004, a cd player of rs 4,000 and tv set of rs 8,000.
if modis jewellery collection is minimal, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has gold and silver jewellery with a market value of 23.
79 lakh.
earlier, she had listed that she had 987 grams of gold and 5,500 gram silver, which she had received from her family.
the swaraj family, which has volkswagen and mercedes, is worth around rs 6 crore.
gold rushirani has jewellery worth 12.
36 lakh, which could be around 880 gram gold, while parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidus family own two kg of silver pooja articles and 520 gram gold.
paswans wife has 700 grams of gold.
railway minister suresh prabhu has 255 grams of gold coin while his wife has another 1170 gram gold besides 2.
1 kg silver.
his son also owns two kg of silver and 408 gram of gold.
irani has also declared among others an account she holds in sbis sultanpur branch jointly with a bjp leader uma shankar pandey, which is listed as party fund.
she also lists a music system which her family bought for rs 5,430 as one her family's assets.
naidu owns not a single piece of land in his name while there are four properties in his wifes name.
pranab, modi lead nation in condemning terrornew delhi, nov 15, 2015, dhns 0:49 istpresident pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi on saturday led india in conveying solidarity with the government and people of france in the aftermath of the deadly terrorist attacks in and around paris.
strongly condemn terrorist attacks in paris, india stands firmly by france, my heart goes out to its people, the president posted on twitter.
the prime minister, who is currently on a tour of the united kingdom and turkey, also tweeted indias anguish.
news from paris is anguishing and dreadful.
prayers for families of the deceased.
we are united with people of france in this tragic hour, he said.
talking to journalists in london, modi said, what happened in paris yesterday is an attack on humanity and the world should accept that it is not an attack on paris, not an attack on french citizens, not an attack on france but an attack on humanity.
it is an attack on humanitarian principles; that is why all the powers that believe in humanity have to come together to condemn such attacks.
all pro-humanity forces should unite to defeat anti-humanity forces.
they will have to fulfill their responsibilities, he told journalists after unveiling the statue of 12th century philosopher basaveshwara.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sent a message to her french counterpart laurent fabius.
congress party president sonia gandhi also condemned the attacks in paris in a letter to french president francois hollande.
if the world needed a sign that the old global order is collapsing and a new one is on the anvil, the tussle earlier this month for a seat at the international court of justice (icj) should be enough.
it was a contest between an old power, great britain, and an emerging one, india.
both fought hard until the end but it was the uk which decided to fold.
india's justice dalveer bhandari was re-elected to the international court of justice for a nine-year term, after britain withdrew its candidate christopher greenwood from the race.
the icj, comprising of 15 judges, was established in 1945 to settle legal disputes between nations in accordance with international law and is the principal legal body of the united nations.
it was a close fight.
despite bhandari reportedly polling two-thirds of the members of the general assembly in the first 11 rounds, british hopes were alive since greenwood had greater support in the security council than bhandari.
there were some suggestions that the uk would resort to 'joint conference mechanism' to get its man in despite legal opinion being against it.
but in the end, the uk decided to withdraw, ceding the place to india, fearing negative blowback for ignoring the voice of the majority.
bhandari obtained an absolute majority, or 183 of the 193 votes in the united nations general assembly and all 15 votes in the security council in simultaneous elections that were held at the un headquarters in new york.
prime minister narendra modi congratulated bhandari, calling his re-election a proud moment for india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj herself reportedly made some 60 calls to her counterparts across the world in the past few days to canvass for bhandari, thereby leading fromthe front as her ministry lobbied hard.
the uk has put up a brave face.
its foreign secretary boris johnson dismissed the idea that the defeat of greenwood was a failure of british democracy, arguing that it has been the long-standing objective of uk foreign policy to support india in the united nations.
but there is no denying the significance of this win for india.
britain's withdrawal signals the first time in 71 years that a uk judge will be absent in the un court.
it is also the first time a permanent member of the security council is losing to a non-permanent member for a seat at the hague.
amid all-round chaos in the uk post-brexit, this may not register as a big issue for a troubled country at the moment, but its long-term implications will be huge.
the uk's global standing has been damaged and it is not clear if it can be redeemed in the short to medium term given the scale of challenges facing the country.
just this week, the european medicines agency (ema) decided to relocate from london to amsterdam, and the european banking authority (eba) to paris amid increasing talk in the financial district of a brexodus of jobs.
while many in the uk may want to chart out a new course as a 'global britain,' the rest of the world remains sceptical and views the country as one rapidly turning inwards.
britain withdrawing its candidate to the icj is also a tribute to smart and aggressive diplomacy by india.
indian diplomats and top political leadership got involved in the process and used their diplomatic capital rather effectively.
in many ways, this was what the uk would have done in another day and age.
it is now india's turn.
new delhi is now ready to play a larger global role and it is willing to step up to the plate when needed.
this hunger was absent before, but the narendra modi government has made it clear that it believes in fighting for what it believes india deserves.
aggressive diplomacynew delhi wanted to win this contest and it used all the levers at its disposal.
this aggressive streak in indian diplomacy is refreshing.
it doesn't always work.
india has not been able to enter the nuclear suppliers group despite making it a foreign policy priority.
but when it works, like in the case of the icj, it tells us that indeed a new india is emerging that is no longer risk-averse and is willing to fight it out openly.
in this case, of course, the world witnessed how the rise and fall of powers continue to shape the global governance architecture.
but there is no denying the fact that this win for india is indicative of the underlying shift in the global distribution of power.
the old powers are no longer able to hold their ground and the emerging powers are willing and increasingly able to challenge the old world's stranglehold over the global institutional architecture.
global institutions invariably reflect the extant distribution of power.
most current global governance structures were erected in the aftermath of world war ii and are incompatible with today's power structure.
this is the reason india has been demanding their restructuring.
some might be tempted to see india's victory at the icj as a shot in the arm for india's pursuit of a permanent membership in the united nations security council.
but caution should be the norm in that regard as the unique structure of the security council, where the five permanent members' right to decide its future precludes any outside intervention.
and for india, china remains the biggest roadblock in the security council, even though the other four remain favourably disposed to india's entry into the group.
for now, however, there is every reason to see this victory at the icj as a significant one, both for india as well as for the emerging world order.
sushma may meet chinese counterpartanirban bhaumik, new delhi, june 25, 2015, dhns: 1:20 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may have a meeting with her chinese counterpart wang yi in kathmandu on thursday and convey new delhis disappointment with beijings move to block indias bid get united nations act against pakistan for failing to keep terror mastermind zaki ur rehman lakhvi behind bars.
both swaraj and wang are now in kathmandu to attend an international conference, which the nepalese government is set to host on thursday to solicit support from international community to rebuild the quake-ravaged nation.
officials told deccan herald that indian and chinese diplomats in kathmandu were exploring the possibility of a bilateral meeting between the external affairs minister and chinese foreign minister on the sidelines of the conference.
if sushmaswaraj has a meeting with wang in kathmandu, it will be the first high-level interaction between new delhi and beijing after chinas move to shield pakistan from un actions disappointed india.
sushma is likely to make it clear to wang that india is upset because chinas stand in the un security councils al-qaeda sanctions committee on the issue of lakhvis release went against the spirit of the joint statement issued after prime minister narendra modis meeting with chinese premier li keqiang in beijing last month, sources said.
in the joint statement, india and china urged all countries and entities to work sincerely to disrupt terrorist networks and their financing, and stop cross-border movement of terrorists, in accordance with the relevant principles and purposes of the un charter and international laws.
according to the sources, sushmaswaraj may convey to wang that new delhi is disappointed as beijing decided to shield islamabad even after modi, himself, took up the issue of lakhvi during his meeting with li and sought beijings support to indias bid to get un act against pakistan for allowing the mastermind of the november 26-28, 2008 terrorist attacks in mumbai walk free.
new delhi asked the un security councils al qaeda sanctions committee to act against islamabad after a court in pakistan on april 9 last released the lashkar-tayyiba commander on bail.
new delhi, aug 4, 2015, (pti): 13:59 istas congress president sonia gandhi and other party leaders protested against suspension of their mps, bjp parliamentary party today accused it of being a destructive opposition and passed a resolution against its obstructionist and anti-development policies.
on a day congress mps led by gandhi sat on a dharna to protest the speaker's decision to suspend 25 of their mps from lok sabha, the ruling party lashed out at gandhi for calling it a black day for democracy and raked up the imposition of emergency to criticise it.
with the main opposition party unrelenting on its demand for the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, bjp said there was no basis for such a demand and the parliamentary party stands with them.
congress has abdicated the responsibilities of a constructive opposition and is using its numerical strength in parliament, especially in rajya sabha, to adopt a negative strategy.
bjp parliamentary party condemns the obstructionist, narrow and anti-development mindsent of congress as it will have a serious and adverse influence in long term on the country which is emerging as an important economic power in the world, said the resolution passed in the meeting, attended by prime minister narendra modi and most of his ministerial colleagues.
congress has become a destructive opposition party, union minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi told reporters after the meeting.
the government had made honest efforts for the smooth conduct of the monsoon session, the bjp meet said and accused congress of making a u-turn after initially agreeing to a debate on the vyapam and lalit modi issues.
congress refused to attend a meeting called by finance minister and leader of rajya sabha arun jaitley and also declined the government's proposal for an all-party meet on july 31, the resolution said, accusing the opposition party of working with a narrow political agenda.
the bjp resolution charged congress with deliberately obstructing the modi government's attempts for the country's resurgence and said the opposition party had been left stunned at parliament's productivity in the previous sessions.
a stunned congress has prepared a policy to stop necessary economic reforms aimed at reviving the economy and obstruct other welfare and development policies of the government.
this policy has become its political strategy which is being executed with more power and commitment by congress in the monsoon session, it said.
it said prime minister modi's increasing popularity has become a pain in the eye of congress.
this is unfortunate that a party with 130 years of history and which has ruled the country for over five decades has not been able to get over its shameful loss in 2014.
it has not been able to digest the full majoirty given to narendra modi by people, it said.
on the congress demand for the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan, it said there is no basis for it.
in the same way there is no ground for the resignation of raje and chouhan and the bjp parliamentary party is standing by them, the resolution, proposed by union minister ravi shankar prasad and passed at the meeting, said.
it also defended speaker sumitra mahajan's decision yesterday to suspend 25 congress members, saying it was done under dire circumstances as they exhibited disrespect to the chair and ignored her requests for not carrying placards.
it said the bjp parliamentary party was surprised that sonia gandhi had called it a black day for democracy.
this is unfortunate that the congress party which trampled democracy in 1975 by imposing emergency and snatched away the citizen's liberty is making such unfounded claims, it said, citing expulsion of 63 opposition members from the house on march 15, 1989 over their demand that justice thakkar commission report on indira gandhi's assassination be tabled.
who to incorporate yoga into universal healthcareunited nations, june 21, 2015, pti: 0:35 istthe world health organisation is closely working with centres in india and across the world to support the unique knowledge of yoga with scientific evidence and incorporate it into universal healthcare.
yoga is used in many settings in which health challenges are being addressed.
it has a very prominent place in the holistic approach through prevention and control of health disorders, nata menabde, executive director, who office to the un said on friday, ahead of the international yoga day on june 21.
she said the ancient vedic gift of india to the world, needs to be studied and supported by scientific evidence and then incorporated in to the approaches to universal healthcare.
who is also looking to bring yoga into education of medical practitioners since it is a challenge to standardise the practice of yoga.
addressing the press briefing, indias permanent representative to the un ambassador, asoke mukerji said by commemorating the yoga day globally, india hopes, that through the popularisation of yoga, we will be able to tackle some of the biggest challenges that we face as mankind, including in the area of global health.
an estimated two billion people across 192 nations would have participated in commemorating the first international day of yoga by the end of june 21.
the main event will be at the un headquarters where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be joined by un secretary general ban ki-moon and president of the general assembly sam kutesa.
d-day tomorrow for dmk, aiadmklast updated: 12 april, 2011chennai, apr 12 (pti) 11:41 istafter an acrimonious fourteen-day election campaign, arch rivals ruling dmk and opposition aiadmk have held their breath as the over 4.
6 crore-strong electorate in tamil nadu will decide who among them will assert political supremacy on polling day tomorrow.
political heavyweights among the 2,773 candidates who will have their fates sealed include dmk leader and chief minister m karunanidhi (tiruvarur), his arch rival and aiadmk chief jayalalithaa (srirangam), karunanidhi's son and deputy chief minister m k stalin (kolathur) and dmdk actor-founder vijayakanth (rishivandyam).
both karunanidhi and jayalalithaa had confidently asserted during a no holds barred campaign for the assembly election that their party would form the next government.
electioneering was on a quiet mode this time around without the usual poll trappings like writings on walls and posters due to the election commission's hawk eyed vigil.
personal attacks against karunanidhi and his family members by jayalalithaa and vijayakant and against the aiadmk chief by stalin, as well as complaints by rival party leaders against each other to the ec forced the commission to send notices to these leaders, seeking explanations.
the ec had imposed a lot of restrictions and transferred some district collectors, dgp and other top police officials on complaints that they were acting in a partisan manner.
the commission's actions had prompted karunanidhi, who harped on the theme of development during the campaign, to go hammer and tongs against it, charging the ec with seeming to favour the opposition and even stating that tamil nadu was under a 'mini emergency'.
his bete noire jayalalithaa on the other hand targeted him over rampant corruption and collapse of law and order and asked the voters to rid the state of the dmk patriarch's 'family rule'.
hike in prices of essential commodities and frequent power cuts were issues picked up by the opposition to attack the dmk government during the campaign.
a host of national leaders including prime minister manmohan singh, aicc president sonia gandhi, aicc general secretary rahul gandhi, bjp leaders l k advani, nitin gadkari, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and narendra modi, left leaders prakash karat and a b bardhan had descended on tamil nadu during the fortnight to campaign for their party's nominees.
the ruling dmk is contesting 119 seats in the 234 member assembly, leaving 63 seats to congress, 30 to pmk, 10 to viduthalai chirutagal katchi, seven to kongu munnetra katchi, three to iuml and one each to moovendar munnetra kazhagam and perunthalaivar katchi.
aiadmk is contesting 162 seats and has allocated 41 seats to dmdk, 12 to cpi-m, 10 to cpi, three to manitha neya makkal matchi, two to all india samuthuva makkal katchi, one each to aifb, all india movendar munnetra kazhagam, rpi and kongu ilaginar peravai.
sp rules out blanket support to gst billlucknow/new delhi: dec 2, 2015, dhns 1:06 istbsp, jd(u) to back bill; akhilesh slams mayanotwithstanding prime minister narendra modi's recurring praise for samajwadi party (sp) supremo mulayam singh yadav, the sp on tuesday made it clear that it would not extend blanket support to the goods and services tax (gst) bill.
the stand of the ruling party of the up dealt a body blow to nda government's ongoing efforts to strike a consensus on the same.
up chief minister akhilesh yadav said here that his party would not support the gst bill without ascertaining if its passage would result in any financial loss to the state exchequer.
we will have to see if the state stands to lose in terms of revenue.
.
.
.
the traders have been opposing the bill.
.
.
we can not support it without taking into account the pros and cons, akhilesh said in an informal chat with reporters here.
traders' organisations have recently held demonstrations in the state capital to protest against the gst bill and urged the sp to oppose it in parliament.
akhilesh also lambasted bsp supremo mayawati for extending support to the gst bill, saying the latter voiced her support without thinking whether it was in the interest of the state or not.
the bill is yet to be discussed.
.
.
it is to be ascertained if it will cause loss of revenue to the state exchequer; yet the bsp declared its support for it, the cm said.
on monday, former up chief minister mayawati said while speaking in parliament: if the government feels that bringing the gst bill will help in furthering the process of economic reforms, the bsp will support the passage of the bill in parliament.
on tuesday, the jd(u), too, announced its support for the governments economic reforms, including the gst.
we support you on gst.
we also supported you in insurance and coal and mines (bills), said the partys rajya sabha mp k c tyagi, while participating in the debate on commitment to the constitution.
akhilesh, on the other hand, also hinted at a hard bargaining on the issue of gst, saying his government would first see if it was being compensated adequately after the scrapping of several central schemes.
modi had on several occasions heaped praise on mulayam for the latter's attempts to ensure that parliamentary proceedings were not disrupted, during the monsoon session.
the session was virtually a wash-off because of the congress and other opposition parties rigid demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lalitgate issue.
observers here had said modi's praise as an attempt to win the sps support for the crucially gst bill, especially in the rajya sabha, where the nda is weak.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah's son, rakesh siddaramaiah, died of multi-organ failure at a hospital in belgium today, official sources said.
rakesh, aged 39, was undergoing treatment at antwerp university hospital in brussels, where he was rushed on tuesday after he developed sudden pancreas-related complications.
he had been on a european tour with his friends since last week.
rakesh, the eldest son of siddaramaiah, who had an acute pancreatic ailment for long, was critical but stable before his condition worsened, the sources said.
rakesh died of multi-organ failure, the chief minister's office said.
siddaramaiah, his wife and second son yathindra siddaramaiah, a doctor, and the family doctor were in brussels to be with rakesh.
he is survived by his wife, a son and daughter.
he had met with an accident 15 years ago, when he suffered injuries to his pancreas.
soon after his son was hospitalised, siddaramaiah had spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking her assistance in getting the best treatment for his son in belgium.
bengaluru:feb 6, 2016, dhns 2:07 istunion law minister d v sadananda gowda had to face the ire of residents of ganapathipura on friday, when he went to visit the house of shabana taj who was mowed down recently by a speeding car driven by a sudanase student in the area.
when gowda approached tajs house to offer his condolences to her family members, the local residents stopped him.
they said those arrested by the police following an assault on a 21-year-old tanzanian student were innocent.
the attack on the student was a mob fury after taj died in the accident, they said.
politicians were rallying behind the tanzanian student but did not bother to promptly visit the family of the deceased, they said.
special squadspeaking to reporters, gowda blamed the government for failing to protect law and order in the state.
the state government, instead of admitting its lapses, was blaming the centre, he said, adding that it was the duty of the police to ensure that foreign students followed the law of the land.
the state government should form a special squad to keep a watch on foreign students, he said.
if the state government cannot control the law and order situation, then it will lead to a much bigger problem in the days to come.
i urge the government to constitute a special squad to monitor foreign students, gowda said.
he also demanded a compensation of rs 25 lakh to the family of taj.
he said several foreign students had been staying in the city despite the expiry of their visa permit.
he said he would also discuss the issue with union home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the ministry of external affairs confirmed on january 11 that national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval met his pakistani counterpart lt.
gen.
(retd) nasser janjua in bangkok on december 26.
media reports had earlier surfaced in both countries about the meeting and it is good that india has officially acknowledged that it took place.
the official spokesperson clarified, we have said that terror and talks cannot go together but talks on terror can definitely go ahead.
this distinction between a full bilateral dialogue and narrowly focussed talks on pakistani cross-border terrorism is valid.
the former envisages an engagement to resolve bilateral issues, promote cooperation and attend to humanitarian concerns that arise from being neighbours.
the latter sharply dwells only on terrorism.
pakistan has not endorsed the indian assertion regarding the nature of the nsa talks.
its media reports, based on sources, have claimed that the two-hour engagement meeting was broad-based and issues of ceasefire violations, jadhav's case, and mutual trade were discussed.
these reports went further to stress that moscow, beijing and washington facilitated the dialogue process between the neighbours.
the reference to third countries is provocative but often made to establish that india and pakistan cannot normalise relations according to the simla agreement and the lahore declaration; therefore, the way out is through third-party mediation, which india rejects in principle.
while source-based media reports are often ignored, it would be prudent for india, even if through similar reports, to categorically put the record straight.
the history of india-pakistan relations shows that pakistan seeks to sow confusion in india and in the international community by misrepresenting bilateral processes and agreements.
hence, diplomatic reticence is counter-productive.
this is relevant in this instance, for narrowly centred talks on terrorism represents a climb down for the pakistani generals.
to put this in context, it would be necessary to recall what transpired in the aftermath of the modi-nawaz sharif agreement at ufa (russia) in july 2015.
the ufa joint statement mandated the nsas of the two countries to meet in new delhi to discuss all issues connected to terrorism.
pakistani generals led by the then army chief raheel sharif were furious that the statement had omitted a reference to j&k and gave singular salience to terrorism.
they orchestrated a storm of protest and insisted that the nsa talks would include an exchange of views on the resumption of the dialogue process and also discuss kashmir.
they also emphasised that the then pakistani nsa sartaj aziz should meet the hurriyat during his delhi visit.
as the atmosphere was vitiated by pakistan, aziz's visit did not take place.
five months after the ufa modi-nawaz sharif agreement, india, departing from the text of the agreement, authorised the nsas to meet in bangkok in december 2015.
the foreign secretaries of the two countries accompanied the nsas, thereby indicating that the talks were not limited to terrorism.
this was corroborated when days after the nsas met, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj went to islamabad to attend a heart of asia process meeting on afghanistan.
on its sidelines, she met the pakistani leadership and agreed to commence full engagement with pakistan, now to be called the comprehensive bilateral dialogue.
a fortnight afterwards, modi, returning from kabul, dropped in at lahore on christmas day to greet nawaz sharif on his grand-daughter's wedding.
the pakistani generals were furious with nawaz sharif at taking a major initiative on india.
they struck back through the pathankot terrorist attack in january 2016.
the modi initiative received a decisive blow.
the initiative was over with pakistan's all-out support to the kashmir agitation in the summer of that year and the uri terrorist attack.
clearly, the pakistani army was unwilling to focus only on terror during bilateral talks, let alone give it up.
hence, if they are now willing that the nsas only talk on terrorism, it is of great significance.
if pakistan was reluctant, apparently till recently, to talk exclusively on terrorism during the modi government's term, its opposition to do so was total when the structure and modalities of the composite dialogue were negotiated in 1997-98.
then, it insisted that the first item in the list of dialogue issues should be j&k, and that terrorism could not even be mentioned by itself.
they stressed that it be coupled with narcotics.
india agreed, because in the wake of the 1998 nuclear tests, a sense of assurance about peace and stability in south asia had to be given to the international community.
unlike 1998, there is no compulsion now to seek to establish that india is a responsible nuclear power.
thus, there is no need to resume the dialogue process, unless there is firm evidence that pakistan has abandoned terrorism.
pakistan-motivated propaganda that a hard indian response can escalate into a nuclear exchange should not deter actions such as surgical strikes.
in the past, india has bent over backwards to be seen as reasonable by the international community.
ironically, this led to pressure being put on india.
this basic fact is ignored in india by the proponents of uninterrupted and uninterruptible dialogue between the two countries.
all this has only led the pakistani generals to believe that india does not have the stamina to turn its back to the dialogue process and that eventually it returns to comprehensive talks, ignoring their terrorism.
this has meant that they have no incentive to change course.
it is only if india demonstrates sustained capacity to ignore both the advice of do-gooders in the international community and pakistan's calls for dialogue so long as the latter persists with terrorism as a part of its security doctrine that there is the possibility that it may begin to think in constructive ways.
this will have to be coupled with firm responses to pakistani provocations.
hence, the nsa talks must only be on terrorism and nothing else.
red corner notice to be issued against lalit modi: govtjaipur/dehradun, aug 14, 2015 (pti) 19:05 ista red corner notice will be issued against lalit modi that will enable india to seek the extradition of the former ipl commissioner from the uk in connection with a money laundering case registered against him, government said today.
the government's approach to the escalating lalit modi controversy was outlined by union minister rajyavardhan rathore, a day after rahul gandhi attacked prime minister narendra modi, saying he lacked guts and challenged him to bring back to india the former cricket administrator who he described as the biggest link between the political system and black money.
rathore slammed the congress alleging that the party-led upa government did not build a strong case against modi, who is currently based in the uk.
this government is making efforts to bring him(lalit modi) back.
now there are possibilities that a red corner notice would be issued against him, rathore, the minister of state for information and broadcasting, told reporters in jaipur at the bjp party office in jaipur.
rathore alleged that the previous upa government was just misleading people on the issue of action against the former ipl commissioner.
during the upa rule, only fema case was lodged against lalit modi which has no provision of arrest and maximum punishment is just penalty.
a light blue corner notice was issued against him which is effective for regional airports only, then how a person sitting in london can be brought back, he asked.
a non-bailable arrest warrant was issued against lalit modi last week by a mumbai court over his alleged involvement in financial irregularities in the ipl.
rathore said that it was the nda government which is taking forward the case against lalit modi.
defence minister manohar parrikar accused the previous upa government of avoiding stern action against lalit modi, saying if it was serious about taking action against the former ipl boss it would have booked him under the money laundering act and not fema under which an offender can neither be declared an absconder nor served with a warrant.
by booking lalit modi under fema, the upa was obviously shying away from acting tough against him and many others who were hand-in-glove with him.
he was booked under fema in 2010 and congress was in power till 2014.
why wasn't any stern action initiated against the former ipl chairman all those years.
if the upa was serious about acting against him it would have initiated criminal proceedings against him under the money laundering act and not fema, parrikar told reporters in dehradun.
parrikar and rathore brought up the lalit modi controversy as part of the bjp's programme to take on the congress over the virtual wash-out of parliament's month-long monsoon session mainly over the issue of the former cricketer administrator's links with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
parrikar claimed that the real action against lalit modi was initiated by the narendra modi government.
3,000 nris to attend pravasi diwas in b'lurubengaluru, apr 26, 2016, dhns: 0:50 istas many as 3,000 non-resident indians (nris) and persons of indian origin (pios) are likely to attend the next edition of pravasi bharatiya diwas scheduled to be held in bengaluru in january next year.
speaking to reporters after holding a meeting with the officials of the external affairs ministry, industries minister r v desphande said the three-day event will commence from january 7.
the event is held to mark the contribution of the overseas indian community to the development of india.
on january 7, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will inaugurate an interaction programme between the youth from various parts of the world.
on january 8, prime minister narendra modi will officially inaugurate the event.
desphande said the venue for the event will be decided shortly.
exhibitions, seminars and the issues raised by the nris and also interactions with various chief ministers will be held during the meet.
the state government will showcase investment opportunities in manufacturing, aerospace, information technology, industrial infrastructure, tourism among others.
pravasi bharatiya diwas has been held since 2003 and it is only for the seventh time that the event is being held outside new delhi.
on earlier occasions, the meet had been held in mumbai (2005), hyderabad (2006), chennai (2009), jaipur (2012) and kochi (2013).
new delhi, aug 13, 2015 (pti) 20:25 istthe bitter confrontation between the bjp and congress that was witnessed in the virtually washed-out monsoon session of parliament will now play out across the country with the nda deciding to take out marches and hold meetings immediately in the constituencies of congress and left mps.
shortly after the session was adjourned sine die, the two sides indulged in a blame game over stalling of parliament over lalitgate and vyapam scams and took to protests in the parliament house complex.
after the pep talk by prime minister narendra modi, senior ministers and mps of the nda, including l k advani, arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh and ram vilas paswan, marched from vijay chowk to the gandhi statue inside the premises shouting slogans and carrying placards against the congress.
at a meeting of the nda mps, modi asked them to fan across the country to expose the congress, equating the disruption with emergency when congress wanted power to be concentrated in one family.
we accept this undemocratic challenge by the congress and will take it to the people.
our people will go to every nook and corner to expose the congress, which is trying to stop the growth of the country.
congress party wants to save the family, while bjp wants to save the country as it is our principle, he said addressing a meeting of the nda parliamentary party.
modi asked nda mps and ministers to hold protests across the country, especially targeting constituencies represented by congress and left mps, during a month-long campaign.
unfazed by the bjp offensive on his family in parliament, rahul gandhi attacked the pm, saying he lacked guts and challenged him to bring back to india former ipl commissioner lalit modi who he described as the biggest link between the political system and black money.
keeping up the pressure on the issue of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to london-based modi to obtain british travel documents, the congress vice president said that she had given long statements in the lok sabha yesterday but had not answered why she had helped the fugitive wanted in india by enforcement agenciesdismissing swaraj's charge against his late father rajiv gandhi in the bofors case, rahul told reporters that his name had been cleared by the judicial system in the but the matter had been going on for 30 years with the opposition keeping on attacking him.
he said such such charges made no difference to him as the judicial system in the country gave a statement that this was a campaign against rajiv gandhi and that there was nothing in this.
rahul said he would defend the country from the rss and narendra modi, reminding journalists that three tv channels had been issued notices by the government recently.
it(swaraj attack) makes no difference to me.
i am here to defend the country from the rss and (narendra) modi, he said, adding, when your(media) views clash with their (government) views, your mikes will be shut.
alleging that swaraj and finance minister arun jaitley had defended black money network in parliament yesterday, rahul charged that lalit modi was the biggest link between the political system and black money.
daring the prime minister to catch hold lalit modi and bring him back to india, rahul said that, we have understood that this prime minister gets scared and we will keep attacking and build so much pressure on the prime minister that lalit modi will come back.
at a press conference in the aicc, former finance minister p chidambaram said the party would persist with raising questions on the lalit modi controversy as government has 'failed' to respond on key issues.
the party also demanded unqualified apology from swaraj for allegations against rajiv gandhi during yesterday's debate in the lok sabha and approached the speaker to seek expunction of the charges against the former prime ministerannouncing the nda campaign in the constituencies of 44 congress and 9 left mps, jaitley said one union minister and 4 mps will hold public meetings and events in their seats.
as part of the campaign, he said awareness will be raised nation wide against both the parties, whom he described as key actors in the disruption.
jaitley said the government was hopeful that the hostility of public opinion will make them wiser and force them to help in the passage of the gst bill and other legislations.
meanwhile, the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs (ccpa) met today and decided not to prorogue the session, a move that gives the government the flexibility to convene parliament at a short notice.
jaitley said various options were open to the government for ensuring the passage of the gst and other bills but refused to disclose the strategy.
he also maintained that as numbers stood today, they were loaded in favour of the gst bill as the left parties, which had given a notional dissent, had supported it in the lok sabha.
almost all regional parties are supporting it.
on the congress side, former finance minister chidambaram said the government must address the three fundamental and other issues the party had raised in relation to the gst if it hopes to get congress support.
un to declare june 21 as world yoga day: swarajnew delhi, dec 7, 2014 (pti): 20:57 istthe united nations will soon declare june 21 as world yoga day following a proposal by prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said today.
three months ago, prime minister narendra modi had appealed to the world community that india's yoga should be celebrated as world yoga day.
addressing the 'gita prerna mahotsav', organised to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book gita at the red fort maidan here, the senior bjp leader said that yoga is not merely an exercise, but a road to prosperity and good health.
during his visit to the united nations in september this year, modi had urged the world community to celebrate indian yoga at the international level and that june 21 be declared as the world yoga day.
last month, european union president herman van rompuy also told pm modi that the 28-member eu supported his idea for a yoga day at the un.
interestingly, in the cabinet reshuffle last month, he also named a minister for ayush, dealing with yoga and traditional medicine.
terror incidents call for world to come together: sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, dec 17, 2014, (ians) : 17:12 istthe sydney cafe hostage crisis and the peshawar school horror are a call to the world to stand up and counter terror together, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wednesday said.
the pakistani taliban slaughtered 141 people, 132 of them children, in a brazen terror attack on an army-run school in pakistan's peshawar city tuesday.
in australia, a 16-hour hostage crisis ended early tuesday after police stormed a cafe in the heart of sydney where an iran-born cleric had taken 17 people, including two indians, hostage.
the minister said: the events of the last two days were on two different continents, in different hemispheres, on our two opposite flanks.
while seemingly disparate, both are manifestations of the darkening shadow of terrorism.
both these developments, taken together, are a clarion call for all those who believe in humanity to join hands to decisively and comprehensively defeat terrorism.
on our part, india stands ready to play its role in this global endeavour, she added.
once again, terrorism raised its ugly head dec 15, 2014, when an armed person held 17 people hostage in sydney, australia.
at about 0945 hrs local time, in lindt cafe in martin place, a busy part of sydney's central business district, a hostage drama unfolded.
the hostages included mr. pushpendu ghosh and mr. viswakanta ankireddy, both young it professionals from infosys working on an assignment with westpac bank located close to the cafe.
while mr ghosh is an indian citizen, mr. ankireddy is an australian national of indian origin, she informed the two houses.
the minister added that the government maintained close contact with australian security agencies to monitor the security of ghosh and ankireddy.
the prime minister himself was constantly monitoring the whole situation, she said adding that both were rescued safely.
even before the reverberations from the terrorist attack in sydney to our east ended, one of the most horrific killings in recent times were perpetrated on our west, in peshawar.
the enormity of this crime, the cowardly nature of the massacre, the barbaric brutality of the killing of 132 innocent school children and 9 others, yesterday (tuesday), have evoked revulsion all around, said the minister.
the prime minister in a late night conversation with prime minister nawaz sharif informed him that the people of india shared the heart-rending pain and sorrow of the bereaved families and the people of pakistan and stood with them in solidarity, sushmaswaraj swaraj added.
advani skips bjp goa meetb s arun, panaji, june 7, 2013, dhns: 2:00 istmodi issue likely to dominate proceedingssharp differences within the bjp became crystal clear on friday, ahead of its national executive, with party veteran l k advani staying away from the key office-bearers meeting.
speculations were rife that advani was unhappy over the reported move to make gujarat chief minister narendra modi the partys poll campaign panel chief.
while advani is expected to attend the two-day event over the weekend, the role for modi, who scored a hat trick in the gujarat assembly elections held in december, is likely to dominate proceedings.
the bjps sweeping victory in the gujarat by-elections wresting all the six (two lok sabha and four assembly) seats from the congress early this week has bolstered modis claim for the post.
the meeting is being held in the backdrop of speculations that modi would be appointed chairman of the bjp campaign committee for the next lok sabha elections.
recently, advani had praised madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan, raising eyebrows within a section of the party.
he also added that gujarat was already a developed state when modi took over.
advani also suggested that there should be a parallel campaign committee for the forthcoming assembly elections in the northern states, but his choice for the post, nitin gadkari, declined the offer.
party leaders say it would be difficult to stop modi from assuming a leadership role.
the rss is said to have given the green signal for modi being made campaign panel chief as rss in-charge for bjp suresh soni met party president rajnath singh on thursday.
goa chief minister manohar parrikar seemed to have taken the lead as a pro-modi leader.
parrikar, who demanded the party to set a time limit for announcing who will lead the bjp in the ls polls, said: modi can catapult bjp to power.
he is our most popular leader.
he can bring victory to our party and the decision should be made in this meet.
the meeting was also marred by the unhappiness expressed by senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, known to be close to advani, over his absence.
the meeting was delayed by nearly two hours, and started only after singh spoke to advani and requested him to attend the meet.
the party took pains to explain the veterans absence, otherwise known to be a stickler for party discipline.
singh said: i have only advised advaniji not to attend todays meeting as he is not well.
but he is reaching goa tomorrow.
senior leader venkaiah naidu asked the media not to read too much into advanis absence.
hc aid sought to get boy back from pakpoornima nataraj, march 23, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:58 istp k yashwant over the years.
p k yashwant, who went missing in 2006 from mysuru, is languishing in a lahore jail.
his parents have now approached the high court for help to bring him home.
kushalappa and meenakshi, yashwant's parents, have been running from pillar to post since they saw his photo in a district newspaper and got to know his whereabouts.
he was 18 when they last saw him, and is now 28.
a student of cauvery polytechnic in virajpet, kodagu district, yashwant was in mysuru for training.
he disappeared a decade ago.
in his last call to his family, he had requested rs 1,000 to travel to bengaluru with his classmates to look for a job.
meenakshi told dh over the phone, we received a letter from the college saying his attendance had dropped.
we were not aware where he had disappeared.
four months after he went missing, the couple received a call from a man who identified himself as mujahid.
he threatened them, saying yashwant was in a house in shantinagar in mysuru.
he offered to send the boy home in two weeks but only if they did not approach the police.
the parents eventually tried to call the number, but couldn't get through.
they then approached the krishnaraja police station in mysuru.
the investigation hit a dead end, and police filed a b report in 2010, citing no progress.
the couple's advocate (see box) feels the police didn't do enough to trace yashwant.
photo in a newspaperin 2014, the parents spotted yashwant's photo in a newspaper.
it had been distributed by the high commission of india in islamabad, after the lahore jail issued a picture identifying him as ramesh, a 'mentally unsound prisoner from india.
'the high commission wrote to the ministry of external affairs and the foreigners' division in the ministry of home affairs to confirm the nationality of the prisoner, but they have done nothing, meenakshi said.
the couple have now moved the karnataka high court, seeking directions to the ministry of external affairs and home affairs to bring yashwant back.
'no help from ministries'c n srinivasa rao, advocate for the couple, said, yashwant may not be able to respond to queries.
he blamed inaction by the police and the apathy of the central ministries for the plight of yashwant and his parents.
despite writing to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and personally meeting home minister rajnath singh, they have found no help, he added.
met lalit modi in may, told him to return and face law: pawarmumbai, jun 17, 2015, pti: 18:39 istncp chief sharad pawar tried to convince lalit modi to return to india and face the law during a meeting in london in may but the fugitive former ipl boss said he faced threat to his life if he came back.
i met lalit modi in london around mid-may this year and asked him to return to india to face the law.
he said he was not worried about cases filed against him but was facing a security threat and expressed concern over the threat to his life.
earlier, i had been told by an official about security threat to lalit modi, pawar told reporters today.
pawar, a former president of bcci, said he had offered to speak to the indian government if lalit modi wanted to return to the country.
a tv channel, which had yesterday interviewed modi, in the eye of a raging political storm over assistance extended to him by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in obtaining travel papers in the uk, had quoted him having said he was also helped by ncp leaders sharad pawar and praful patel.
asked to comment on the row, pawar said, the issue is being unneccessarily exaggerated.
on congress' unsparing attack on the government following the controversy, the veteran ncp leader said the opposition party has got an issue on its hand so it is speaking about it.
bjp president amit shah on friday said the modi government's welfare schemes in its four years have benefitted 22 crore poor families and set an example of how a pro-people dispensation is run.
in his brief address to the media on the fourth anniversary of the bjp-led nda government, shah claimed that the current dispensation has taken the country's self-pride to the highest level.
the party on the occasion also unveiled a new slogan 'saaf niyat, sahi vikas' (clean intentions, right development) as it launches a nation-wide drive to highlight the government's works.
prime minister narendra modi had led the bjp to its maiden majority in the lok sabha in 2014 general election, and his government and the party have stepped up their outreach in the run-up to the next polls scheduled for 2019.
shah said the government had come to power at a time when people had started thinking if the multi-party democracy had failed, but it infused a new sense of hope.
the dispensation has taken concrete and tangible steps in every sector, he said, adding that it has shown that a government can be pro-farmers and also be of help to industry, and can develop rural and urban regions together.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman gave a presentation with '48 months of transforming india' being its catchline.
in the four years of the government, sanitation coverage in the country rose from 38 percent in 2014 to 83 percent in 2018 with over 7.
25 crore toilets being built.
as many as 3.
6 lakh villages were declared open defecation free, she said.
over 31.
52 crore jan dhan bank accounts were opened and 5.
22 crore families benefited from life insurance cover provided at an annual premium of rs 330, she said.
india's gdp in current prices went up by 31 percent between 2013-17 while the corresponding global rise was four percent, sitharaman said.
she also spoke about the government's multi-faceted focus on doubling farmers' income and also for women's safety, including enactment of a law providing the death penalty for rape of a girl below 12 years of age.
union ministers rajnath singh, nitin gadkari and sushmaswaraj swaraj were among those present on the occasion.
govt may not take actionshekhar iyer, new delhi, nov 20, 2014, dhns: 1:12 istthe government has no plans to act against central bureau of investigation (cbi) chief ranjit sinha at this juncture, though the bjp leaders feel vindicated by the supreme court directive to remove him from the 2g probe.
as sinha is due to retire on december 2 and the apex court has asked only him to recuse from the probe, the bjp leaders sought to bring back the focus on the manner in which sinha was appointed two years ago.
they recalled that the bjp had strongly objected to his appointment as cbi chief in november 2012.
the upa should not have gone ahead with sinhas appointment after the bjp had objected to his selection.
sinhas role has been controversial since he took over and culmination of the events against him with the court order only proves our stand, said a party leader.
two years ago, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, leaders of the opposition in the lok sabha and rajya sabha respectively, wrote to then prime minister manmohan singh saying that the decision appointing sinha as the next cbi chief should be kept on hold till the collegium system becomes a law as recommended by the rajya sabha select committee on lokpal.
this is a matter on record that hours before this recommendation (of the select committee) was tabled on the floor of the rajya sabha, the government has chosen to appoint a cbi director for a period of two years.
we must record our strong disappointment and disapproval of this act of the government, the letter had said.
we would request you to revisit this matter and keep this appointment in abeyance till such time this recommendation becomes a law of the land.
the select committee on lokpal had stated that the director of the cbi will be appointed by a collegium comprising the prime minister, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha and the chief justice of india.
the recommendation was made unanimously by the panel.
at that time the congress, however, rejected the bjp's demand.
congress spokesperson sandeep dikshit had said, the select committee's report is a recommendation.
it is not an act.
the cbi director is retiring and appointment of a new director is regular process.
appointment cannot wait for a recommendation to be passed in the house.
the congress had maintained that until the lokpal bill was passed by parliament, the government was well within its right to appoint a new cbi director based on the guidelines laid out by the supreme court.
but this was also the first time a new cbi director was appointed a week before the incumbent retired.
the lokpal bill was subsequently passed by parliament in december 2013.
pak delivers sweets to delhi, fires bullets in j&knew delhi:oct 24, 2014, dhns: 2:22 istindia remained unmoved even as pakistan sent sweets to president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi on the occasion of deepavali when on the same day its soldiers fired at the posts of border security force in jammu and kashmir.
new delhi on friday said that it was up to islamabad to de-escalate tension along the line of control and the undisputed stretch of the border and create conducive atmosphere for bilateral talks.
india also scoffed at pro-pakistan kashmiris plan to hold a million march in london, stating that a nation of a billion people cannot be overawed by millions.
on behalf of his government, pakistans high commissioner to india, abdul basit, sent sweets on the occasion of deepavali to the president, the prime minister and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday.
india on friday played down the pakistan national assemblys resolution blaming indian army of unprovoked and indiscriminate firing along the line of control as well as the undisputed stretch of the border.
a group of pro-pakistan kashmiris and their sympathisers are planning to hold a million march, which will commence from trafalgar square in london on sunday.
october 26 has been chosen as it was on this day in 1947 that maharaj hari singh, the then ruler of jammu and kashmir, had signed the instrument of accession, acceding whole of the princely state to india.
during her recent visit to the uk, swaraj conveyed to british deputy prime minister nick clegg new delhis concerns over the march being planned by anti-india elements in london.
clegg is understood to have told swaraj that while british government could not stop organisers from holding the event in london, it had no intention to intervene in the dispute over kashmir and believed that the issue should be bilaterally settled by india and pakistan.
now it is possible that forces inimical to india-uk relations may utilise opportunities of this sort and it was in this context that we discussed with the uk and we were reassured repeatedly that the uks view is very clear and that it is for india and pakistan to resolve any issue that they have by themselves, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs akbaruddin told journalists on friday.
my husband not lalit modi's lawyer in passport case: sushmanew delhi, aug 12, 2015, (ians) 16:04 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said her husband swaraj kaushal was not the lawyer for former ipl chief lalit modi in his passport case and she was not at fault in the issuance of travel documents to him by the british government.
i am saying again today that there is no mistake by me, she said while participating in a debate in the lok sabha on an adjournment motion on the lalit modi issue.
the minister said the british government had conveyed that lalit modi was given travel documents according to appropriate rules.
she was a junior at ninth number in the appearance list.
she appeared with her senior.
she rejected the congress allegations of a quid pro quo with lalit modi.
sushma swaraj, who earlier spoke in the house, reiterated she did not help lalit modi but his wife who was to undergo a medical procedure for cancer treatment in portugal.
the minister hit out at the congress over its allegations on her conflict of interest.
she said when p. chidambaram was finance minister in the united progressive alliance government, his wife nalini chidambaram was appointed a lawyer by the income tax department.
she said when an aiadmk member brought this to the notice of parliament, chidambaram said he had no knowledge of the department's decision.
sushma swaraj also cited other instances of alleged conflict of interest by congress leaders.
the congress is demanding the resignation of sushmaswaraj swaraj over her alleged help to former indian premier league chief lalit modi, who is facing investigation by the enforcement directorate.
british govt failed to act against ex-ipl czaranirban bhaumik, june 21, 2015, dhns 23:36 istlalit modi found it easy to stay on in the united kingdom (uk) since mid-2010, as the british government was never ready to act against him, notwithstanding requests from india, where the business tycoon was under a probe for reportedly flouting foreign exchange management act (fema).
after the regional passport officer in mumbai revoked his passport in march 2011, new delhi requested london to send the former ipl commissioner back to india.
the british government not only turned down the request from india, but also allowed him leave to remain in the uk.
he was issued a residence permit that allowed him to stay on in uk till 2016.
modi received the uk residence permit (no: rc3496562) on march 13, 2014, when he had no valid passport.
it was issued four months before external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped him get a travel document from british government for a visit to portugal.
the delhi high court restored his passport on august 27, 2014  five months after his stay in the uk was formally legalised with the residence permit being issued by the british government.
modi left for uk on may 14, 2010, about a month after one of his posts on twitter not only led to resignation of the then minister of state for external affairs shashi tharoor, but also brought the ipl under scanner with charges of financial irregularities.
even as the enforcement directorate launched an investigation against him for fema violations, modi continued to live in his mansion at 117, sloane street, borough of chelsea in london.
when the ed issued summons asking him to appear before it, modi cited threat to his life as reasons for not being able to return to the country.
he also cited the same reason when he requested the british government to grant him leave to remain in the uk even after his multiple-entry visitor visa expired in 2012.
the erstwhile upa government repeatedly asked the uk authorities to act against modi.
london, however, did nothing against the tycoon, who heads modi enterprises and godfrey philips india limited and had substantial investments in uk.
legally, an individual does not require a valid passport in order to remain in the uk, so long as their leave to enter or remain in the uk is valid.
such leave is granted to the individual and therefore does not automatically expire upon the cancellation or expiry of the passport in which it is endorsed, the uk foreign and commonwealth office (fco) wrote on january 21, 2014 in response to a letter from the ed.
it also informed that british laws permitted an individual to apply to the home office to change his or her status whilst in the uk, for example, by asking for leave to remain.
where an application.
.
.
is refused, an individual has the legal right to challenge the home office's decision.
we are legally prevented from taking any further action against applicants, such as removal, until court proceedings are completed, wrote the uk fco.
pm's intervention sought to stop racial attacks against indiansnew delhi, mar 27, 2017, (pti) 17:22 istthe incident came a week after an indian-origin catholic priest was stabbed in the neck at a church in melbourne.
pti file photothe issue of alleged racial attack on an indian man in australia was today raised in the lok sabha by the congress which sought the prime minister's intervention in ensuring the safety of large indian population there.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said the safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government and it will not leave any stone unturned in ensuring their safety.
raising the issue during the zero hour, congress mp k c venugopal said indian-origin taxi driver from kerala, li max joy, was assaulted in australia's tasmania state and added that such attacks were on the rise in that country.
venugopal said it was a racial attack as the assaulters had hurled abuses like you bloody black indians at him.
joy, who is pursuing a nursing course and working as a part-time taxi driver in australia, alleged that five people including a girl hurled racial abuses and assaulted him at a restaurant in north hobart.
the incident came a week after an indian-origin catholic priest was stabbed in the neck at a church in melbourne.
li max joy was racially abused.
it is a serious issue .
.
.
the government there is not making serious attempts to catch those involved in the assault, he alleged.
replying to his contentions, kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj takes up cases involving indians with authorities of foreign governments and that safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government.
it is a matter of serious concern.
.
.
we are with the overseas indians.
we will leave no stone unturned to ensure safety of indians abroad, said kumar.
venugopal also raised the stabbing of the indian-origin priest in melbourne and demanded a strong response by india to such incidents.
he said these were not stray incidents.
33-year-old joy was admitted at the royal hobart hospital with deep wounds.
he was later discharged from hospital and he reported the incident to police.
new delhi, nov 21, 2014, (pti): 17:56 istthough denied the status of the leader of opposition, mallikarjun kharge has been alloted the seat normally given to lop in the lok sabha next to that of the deputy speaker in the opposition benches.
kharge, who is the leader of the congress party in the lok sabha, will share the front row with party president sonia gandhi, sp chief mulayam singh yadav and jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda under the arrangement decided by the speaker who also allotted division numbers to the members.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi will be seated in the second row, behind his mother when the house meets from next monday for the winter session of parliament.
division numbers are alloted to members so that when voting takes place they cast their votes from the alloted seat.
home minister rajnath singh has been given the front row seat next to prime minister narendra modi in the treasury benches, along with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp veteran l k advani.
while seat number 5 in the treasury benches has been kept vacant, number 6 has been allotted to surface transport and highways minister nitin gadkari.
law minister sadanand gowda and another bjp veteran murli manohar joshi and union ministers ananth kumar and anant geeta, who represents shiv sena in the cabinet, and ashok gajpati raju of tdp and ram vilas paswan of ljp will also occupy front row seat in the treasury benches.
on the opposition benches, bhartruhari mahtab of bjd and sudip bandhopadhyay of tmc will also occupy front row seats.
p venugopal of the aiadmk is also in the front row of the opposition benches where the congress president will be sitting along with mulayam, kharge and thambidurai.
pdp leader mehbooba mufti shares the second row along with congress leader kamal nath, ncp's tariq anwar, rahul gandhi and capt amarinder singh, who is the deputy leader of congress.
mohammad salim of cpi(m) is in the third row, along with kaushlendra kumar of jd(u).
the announcement about allocation of seats came just two days ahead of the begining of the winter session of parliament.
the exercise took some six months since the 16th lok sabha came into being.
congress has not been able to secure the leader of the opposition post as it fell short of the required 55 by 11 seats.
bjp may revoke suspension of two lok sabha membersbangalorejan 3, 2013, dhns: 2:05 istthe bjp is likely to revoke the suspension of members of parliament b y raghavendra and shivakumar udasi in the next few days, following the partys patch-up with former chief minister b s yeddyurappa.
raghavendra, son of yeddyurappa, and shivakumar, son of former minister c m udasi, were suspended by the partys central leadership for identifying with the kjp, despite being in the bjp.
the state unit is likely to write to the central leadership seeking that their suspension be revoked.
raghavendra and shivakumar are keen on recontesting the lok sabha polls from their respective constituencies - shimoga and haveri, sources said.
the party may take more time on deciding whether to revoke the suspension of tumkur mp g s basavaraj, a one-time yeddyurappa loyalist.
basavaraj has dropped hints he would join the congress.
sources said yeddyurappa is likely to be given a rajya sabha election ticket when four members from the state retire in june this year.
former minister shobha karandlaje is reportedly keen on contesting the polls either from mysore or bangalore north parliamentary seat.
lehar singh, mlc (ind), said, with the kjp and the bjp merging, it is understood that i am also with the bjp.
the question of revoking my suspension does not arise.
bsr congressin another development, former minister and bsr congress president b sriramulu is said to be making hectic efforts to merge his party with thebjp.
it is said that except for former chief minister jagadish shettar other bjp state leaders are not showing the same interest in sriramulu as they did with regard to the homecoming of yeddyuruppa.
they have left it to the party central leadership to take a final call.
senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj , who fell out with the reddy brothers and sriramulu, is said to be against the merger.
the bsr congress has four mlas.
patil to decide soonb r patil, the kjp mla from aland, said that he would be taking a decision about his political future only after january 16.
asked whether he was apprehensive of being expelled from the kjp in case he failed to follow yeddyurappa, patil said, i am not sure whether the majority decision is binding on all legislators, under the anti-defection law.
43 officials in indian diplomatic missions to face actionnew delhi, jun 27, 2015, (pti) 17:43 istgovernment is taking action with regard to complaints against 43 officials of indian diplomatic missions in 17 countries facing a variety of charges including corruption and dereliction of duty, top external affairs ministry sources said today.
action is being taken in all 43 cases as per established procedure, spokesman of the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup said.
some of the complaints are against low-ranking officials and locally-hired staff and the cases are being dealt with as per laid down procedures, he said.
the ministry takes seriously any complaint that it receives about the performance of its missions and posts abroad.
complaints are dealt with as per established and prescribed procedures, swarup told pti from bangkok where he is accompanying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the recall of india's high commissioner to new zealand ravi thapar following accusations of his wife assaulting a domestic help has brought the focus back on the conduct of the country's diplomats posted abroad.
as per official figures, six complaints against officials in indian missions were received in 2012, 10 in 2013 and 27 in 2014.
a maximum of eight complaints each have been received from the missions in uk and madagascar in the last three years.
complaints have also been received against indian embassy staff in afghanistan, austria, canada, italy, japan, kenya, kazakhstan, botswana, thailand, zambia, mauritius, morocco, netherlands, south africa and mali.
two complaints were received from uk in 2012, one in 2013 and five last year.
a chef at the indian high commission in new zealand had last month alleged he was kept in slavery and was assaulted by sharmila thapar, wife of ravi thapar, following which the external affairs ministry sent a team to conduct an inquiry.
the high commissioner was recalled here based on the inquiry report.
further inquiries will be conducted in the matter, swarup said.
thapar, however, denied that the staff member had been assaulted by his wife and said he was returning to india to take care of his mother.
though no charges were pressed by the service staff member, the ministry will investigate the matter further.
the high commissioner has been posted back to headquarters, swarup said yesterday.
no discussion until sushmaswaraj steps down: rahulnew delhi, july 23, 2015 (pti) 17:34 istattacking prime minister narendra modi over his silence on the lalit modi controversy, congress vice president rahul gandhi today said his party was against discussion until external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj steps down.
claiming that modi's credibility is on the decline, rahul said the prime minister should listen to the voices of the people of the coutry who are demanding an answer from him over controversies confronting the government.
the prime minister had assured the country that he will not tolerate corruption.
his words should carry weight.
but he speaks in air, he speaks whatever comes to his mind, his credibility is slowly declining.
we asked the pm what he thinks about lalit modi.
we got no answer.
we got no answer on the vyapam scam, no answer on chhattisgarh and no answer on sushmaswaraj , he told reporters outside parliament.
rahul's comments come against the backdrop of the stalemate persisting in both the houses of parliament with congress-led opposition aggressively pressing for ouster of sushmaswaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam, which the government rejected.
he made it clear that there would be no discussion on the lalit modi controversy unless sushmaswaraj quits office.
what we have said is that (there will be) no discussion without resignation.
sushma has done a criminal act.
he (lalit modi) is a 'fugitive'.
you have signed it (the recommendation for grant of travel document).
the high commission does not know about it.
the indian government too in unaware of that, he said and alleged that there were business links between the families of lalit modi and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
bjp suspends jethmalaninew delhi, nov 25, 2012, dhns: 1:41 istaction taken for going against party line on new cbi chiefafter debating for days on ways to deal with the attacks of ram jethmalani on partys president nitin gadkari, the bjp suspended him on sunday on an unrelated issuehis open defence of the government over the appointment of the new cbi chief which the opposition party has questioned.
the action came within hours after the irrepressible jethmalani dared the leadership to carry out its threat of disciplinary action against him, declaring: no one has the guts to take action against me.
one of the most wellknown lawyers in the country, jethmalani has been targeting gadkari over corruption charges, mainly in connection with questionable funding of the bjp chiefs purti business house.
the move against jethmalani comes within days after his son, mahesh jethmalani, quit the national council of the party after asking gadkari to step down.
the senior jethmalani has not been alone in his attack on gadkari.
senior party leader yashwant sinha and high-profile mp shatrughan sinha, too, have been unequivocally critical of gadkari and have asked for his resignation embarrassing the party to no end.
the bjp central leadership, which attacks the congress which leads the upa government as the source of corruption in the country, has not been able to stomach the attacks.
jethmalanis defence of the upas appointment of ranjit sinha as the next cbi chief was the last straw.
addressing a press conference here, bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain said jethmalani had opposed the letter written to prime minister manmohan singh by sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of opposition in the lok sabha, and arun jaitley, leader of opposition in the rajya sabha, asking him to keep the cbi directors appointment in abeyance.
bjp president nitin gadkari has viewed his remarks and todays statement very seriously, and decided to suspend him from the party with immediate effect, he said.
jethmalani's remarks are meant to help the congress, hussain said.
it is an act of gross indiscipline.
as jethmalani is a rajya sabha mp, gadkari has referred his decision sacking jethmalani to partys parliamentary board for ratification, spokesperson shahnawaz hussain told reporters.
the board is set to meet at 4.
30 on monday to ratify the action.
but, even if the decision is ratified and he is thrown out of the party, jethmalani can continue as an independent mp in the upper house.
earlier in the day, at a book launch in mumbai, jethmalani told the media: if there is any action taken against me, i will welcome it.
but i don't think anyone has the guts to take any action against me.
a day before, jethmalani had said the government's decision on the cbi director appointment had averted national calamity.
i am sure there are more.
i am 100 per cent sure that there are many more, many more but all don't have the capacity to speak the truth publicly and openly, he had replied when asked if more people in the party shared his views.
a series of statements had come from different leaders of the party and the rss seeking gadkaris resignation but he continues to remain in office despite facing an income tax probe.
on saturday, shatrughan sinha demanded that former finance minister yashwant sinhas statement should be taken up seriously.
jharkhand mp yashwant sinha, who was in the forefront of the attack on gadkari, has been, however, silent for the past few days.
india to send ships to yemen to evacuate stranded indiansthiruvananthapuram, mar 27, 2015 (pti) 19:55 istthe centre will soon send two ships to strife-torn yemen to evacuate indians, including keralites, stranded there.
those who cannot be brought by ship would be taken to saudi arabia by road and from there to india, swaraj was quoted as saying in the release.
the keralites, residing in yemen, informed the chief minister over phone that the passports and certificates of those working in hospitals have been held back, which is creating problems for their return to home, it said.
following the information, chandy has urged the indian ambassador at yemen to immediately intervene in the issue and resolve it.
chandy also requested that those who are willing to return should contact the indian embassy at yemen, the release added.
new delhi will continue to persuade beijing to stop blocking uns actions against islamabad for failing to build a strong case against lakhvi and allowing him to secure a bail from a court in pakistan.
prime minister narendra modi is likely to convey new delhis disappointment to chinese president xi jinping on the sideline of the brics and sco summits at ufa in russia next month.
china recently blocked indias bid to get the un to act against pakistan for its failure to bring to justice lakhvi.
another family in up claims geeta is their daughteraligarh, oct 28, 2015 (pti) 21:00 istanother family in a remote village of uttar pradesh's aligarh district today claimed that geeta, the deaf and mute girl who returned from pakistan after being separated from her parents over a decade ago, is their daughter.
bahul singh, a resident of uttra village in atrauli tehsil said that geeta is his daughter dolly and he is ready to undergo dna test to prove it.
singh also said that dolly went missing on november 11, 2000 and a case in this connection was registered at barla police station.
narinder singh, son of bahul singh, told news persons that he had one brother and 3 sisters.
on the fateful day, the whole family had gone for a pilgrimage leaving dolly behind who in a fit of anger had ran away and never returned, narinder said.
earlier, a family hailing from a village in pratapgarh has claimed that geeta is their savita who had gone missing from bihar 12 years ago and is ready for a dna test.
geeta, who returned from pakistan after a gap of 15 years, refused to recognise the mahatos from bihar whom she had identified as her family through photographs when she was in karachi.
the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had stated that geeta refused to identify the mahatos as her family.
she had earlier identified them through pictures sent by the indian high commission in pakistan.
geeta, now 23, was reportedly just 7 or 8 years old when she was found sitting alone on the samjhauta express by the pakistan rangers 15 years ago at the lahore railway station.
indian government has said that geeta would be handed over to the rightful family only after dna test.
vision draft calls n-e people immigrantsnew delhi, feb 3, 2015, dhns: 2:00 istthe bjp was left red-faced on tuesday within hours after releasing its vision document for delhi polls which referred to people from the north-east who are living in the capital as immigrants.
the congress was quick to point out the mistake and demanded an apology from the bjp.
the bjp responded by evening: we deeply regret the use of wrong word.
the intention was to write migranta paragraph on page 12 of the vision document where the error crept in was dedicated to the partys plans for the safety of people from the north-east who have often been subjected to racial discrimination in the national capital.
however, the heading of the paragraph read, north eastern immigrants to be protected (sic).
congress leader ajay maken raised the issue immediately after arvinder singh lovely released part ii of the partys manifesto.
the word immigrant is used when a person comes to live in a foreign country.
does the bjp consider north-east people as foreigners, maken said.
sadly, this comes at a time when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is in china.
how will she speak to china on the territorial dispute over arunachal pradesh when her party does not consider it a part of india?
is our minister of state for home affairs (kiren rijiju), who hails from the north-east, an outsider according to his own party?
maken said.
meanwhile, criticism also erupted on social networking sites.
@rajyasree stated: im surprised that the bjp has shown restraint and referred to people from the north-east as immigrants and not as chinkies.
impressive.
team anna meet cpi(m) mpslast updated: 25 november, 2011new delhi, nov 25, (pti) : 16:15 istteam anna members today met cpi(m) mps in parliament house to discuss the lokpal bill and press for their views to be incorporated in the draft legislation.
after the meeting, cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury told reporters that the discussion on lokpal bill is an on-going process but the main concern of the left parties was that the bill should be brought in this session of parliament and preferably adopted.
team anna members had come to meet us today.
we had serious and fruitful discussion on the lokpal bill.
cpi(m) has been demanding that a strong and effective lokpal is required to eliminate the curse of corruption, yechury said.
he maintained that he would pass on the suggestions given by team anna to left members in the standing committee dealing with the drafting of the bill.
this was neither our first nor our last meeting with team anna, yechury said.
team anna member prashant bhushan said the meeting was held to explain their position to cpi(m) on various aspects of the bill.
we are meeting all parties to explain our position.
the standing committee has been saying that cbi, prime minister, judiciary, lower bureaucracy and grievance redressal cell should be kept out of the lokpal.
this is not good.
.
.
if you want a strong lokpal then everybody from pm to peon should be included, bhushan said.
insisting that all of the above should be within the purview of lokpal, he further said thelokpal should be independent of the government.
another team anna member arvind kejriwal said they would wait for the standing committee to come out with its report before commenting on its proposals.
bedi said from the discussions it was evident that the cpi(m) being pro-equity pro-inclusive, is closer to jan lok pal bill.
it all depends whether they can bring around combined might of the opposition as one voice which this bill most needs or else the bill may be weak.
we a need united opposition for a miracle, she said.
the activists had earlier met senior bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj here to lobby for the party's support for inclusion of lower bureaucracy, judiciary and cbi under the purview of proposed lokpal.
lokpal bill is expected to be placed before the house for passing during this session.
anna hazare has demanded that a strong bill be passed in this session itself or he will launch an agitation and campaign against congress in the upcoming assembly polls in five states next year.
team anna members argued for the inclusion of judiciary, lower bureaucracy, cbi and citizen's charter under the ambit of lokpal though reports suggested that there was a consensus in the standing committee to exclude these.
the activists said that the group c and d employees should be under the ambit of lokpal, saying common man has to deal with these employees on a daily basis.
india envisage more vigorous engagement with se asia: swarajbangkok, jun 28, 2015, (pti) 13:46 istindia today described thailand as a valued partner in its 'act east' policy and said it envisage a more vigorous and proactive engagement with the strategic and economically vibrant southeast asia region as part of its efforts to reposition itself at the world stage.
we envisage a more vigorous and proactive engagement with this economically vibrant region of our extended neighbourhood, she said, insisting that the nda government has engaged closely with india's neighbourhood, strengthened bilateral ties with major countries, energised engagement with the east and repositioned india at the world stage.
she said that india's 'look east' policy of the last two decades has been elevated to 'act east' policy under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi.
describing thailand as an important pillar of india's policy and a valued partner, she said the relationship between the two countries has expanded to virtually all areas of bilateral cooperation in recent years.
our bilateral relations with thailand are based on deep- rooted cultural, religious and neighbourly association between the people of our two nations.
our common heritage of buddhism and the philosophy of compassion, tolerance, non-violence and peace have laid strong foundations for this relationship, she said.
i am pleased to see that so many of you are in the leadership positions in corporates in thailand and the region.
in you i see the strength of our people-to-people relations.
and in you i also see an influential group of leaders who can contribute to the economic growth of both thailand and india, she told the leading indian business leaders here.
she said her government is working on the simple 3c mantra  commerce, culture and connectivity.
in all these three areas i cannot overemphasise the importance of thailand.
we have embarked on ambitious projects for land connectivity with thailand through myanmar.
we are also working on enhancing our sea connectivity with thailand which is a maritime neighbour of india, she said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of the north-eastern states on friday discussed india's connectivity initiatives with the neighbouring countries.
greater connectivity and economic integration of the north-east with its eastern neighbours were considered a key focus area for growth and development of the region, the external affairs minister told the chief ministers.
sarbananda sonowal, n biren singh, conrad sangma, neiphiu rio and biplab kumar deb  the chief ministers of assam, manipur, meghalaya, nagaland and tripura, respectively  attended the meeting chaired by the external affairs minister.
pawan chamling and lal thanhawla, chief ministers of sikkim and mizoram, did not attend the meeting.
pema khandu, the chief minister of arunachal pradesh, also did not come, but sent his deputy chowna mein.
sushma briefed the chief ministers about the government's act east policy, which received a major boost following the asean-india commemorative summit held in new delhi on january 25 this year.
rajiv kumar, vice chairman of the niti aayog, and minister of state for external affairs v k singh also attended the meeting.
they deliberated on the region's intra-regional and sub-regional surface and air linkages, focusing on seamless connectivity with its contiguous neighbourhood, raveesh kumar, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, said.
continued development of relevant infrastructure both within the state and at international borders was also discussed with a view to enhancing trade, investment, tourism and people-to-people ties, he said.
sushma keeps her word, embassy grants visa to bride in karachijaipur, oct 13, 2016, dhns: 0:59 istminister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had assured to issue visa to the would-be bride of naresh tewani, has kept her promise.
the indian embassy in pakistan has issued visa to karachi-based girl priya bachchani and her 11 family members.
issuing of visa brought joy to the family of the groom, naresh tewani, an engineer who runs an auto-parts business in jodhpur.
tewani told dh, priya and her family had requested the visa for 16 members, but as of now, the indian embassy has issued visa to priya and 11 others.
the embassy has also assured that other applicants will also get the visa in a few days.
tewani got engaged to priya in 2014 and the marriage is scheduled to be held in jodhpur on november 7.
tewani created a twitter account on october 6 to directly communicate with the ministry of external affairs and the indian government after his bride in karachi was unable to get the visa.
on october 7, sushmaswaraj responded to his messages and assured him that his fiance and her familys visa will be taken care of.
new delhi: dec 7, 2015, dhns: 10:00 istmeet may lead to resumption of dialogueexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is set to visit islamabad from tuesday, even as the government drew flak from within the ruling coalition as well as the opposition parties after national security advisor and foreign secretary met their counterparts from pakistan in bangkok on sunday.
though swaraj will visit islamabad to represent new delhi in a multilateral conclave on afghanistan, she will also have a bilateral meeting with her host and counterpart, sartaj aziz, on the sideline.
the meeting between swaraj and aziz may lead to resumption of india-pakistan dialogue, which remained suspended since january 2013.
eam @sushmaswaraj to lead indian delegation for heart of asia 5th ministerial meeting on afghanistan on december 9 in islamabad, external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup posted on twitter on monday.
a press trust of india report from islamabad quoted aziz, foreign affairs advisor of pakistan prime minister m nawaz sharif, telling mediapersons that his meeting with swaraj would focus on resumption of composite dialogue process between the two neighbouring countries.
new delhi suspended talks after november 26-28, 2008 terrorist attacks in mumbai.
it was resumed in march 2011, but was again suspended in january 2013 after two indian soldiers were brutally killed on the line of control (loc) in jammu and kashmir.
the government announced external affairs ministers visit to islamabad just a day after india and pakistan sprang a surprise with a meeting between prime minister narendra modis national security advisor ajit doval and his counterpart naseer khan janjua at a hotel in the suvarnabhumim airport in bangkok.
foreign secretary s jaishankar and his counterpart aizaz ahmad chaudhry were also present during the four-hour-long meeting, which took place away from media glare.
it was made public only later, when a joint press release was issued both in new delhi and islamabad.
new delhi, july 27, 2015, dhns 1:00 istwith the opposition in no mood to relent and the government equally charged up countering it, the second week of the ongoing monsoon session of the parliament also promises little as far as prime minister narendra modis ambitious tax reform agenda is concerned.
the first week of the monsoon session, which started on july 13, was a complete washout with the government and opposition locking horns over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam.
although parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu was hopeful about the backroom talks that the nda governments floor managers were holding with the opposition parties, not many quarters are convinced.
the congress, despite a weak presence in the lok sabha, has taken a strident stand seeking resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, respectively, before engaging in any talks with the government.
the congress has justified its stand by saying the bjp had practised the same when the upa was in power.
the onus now lies on the prime minister to take action by placing smooth functioning of the parliament above the parochial interests of the bjp, randeep surjewala, in-charge of the communication department, aicc, said.
the congress has also decided to take the fight against swaraj to her residence where activists of the partys youth wing would stage protests on monday to step up pressure on the modi government.
tax reformsthe disruptions in the parliament have put a question mark over the centres ambitious tax reform agenda with the latter admitting that it would have to delay the rolling out of the goods and services tax regime by a year.
also on the table are: a bill to replace the negotiable instruments ordinance, a legislation to set up a real estate regulator and amendments to the prevention of corruption act and the whistleblowers protection (amendment) bill.
the amendments to the land acquisition bill are being examined by a joint parliamentary committee and it appears highly unlikely that the report could be presented during the monsoon session because of the deadlock.
begging and beggars have changed with the times, at least in urban india.
in the days of yore, it was the plaintive cry of amma thayi that tugged at the women folks' hearts and made them rush out with leftover food.
perhaps, it was the advent of refrigerators that put paid to this practice.
beggars now mostly get money instead of food.
they are also forced to shift their operation site from temples to traffic junctions as people spend more time at the latter.
you have people of the third gender, old people or mothers with babies who accost you at traffic junctions and seek money.
beggars of today are also expected to have or at least pretend to have a talent or a skill to seek alms.
as a result, you have those who come with their bulls and shehanayi.
the kole basava (also a term used for someone who agrees with everything) nods or shakes its head in answer to its keeper's questions.
many a time, money is given just to stop the totally off-tune songs that are played on his instrument.
in the west, it is different.
people dressed as living statues enthrall passers-by and collect voluntary donations.
some great music and dancing happen, too.
known as busking, this form of street performance is an art.
not that our garden-variety begging doesn't happen there.
the homeless seek money with their caps in hand.
in fact, the term handicapped is supposed to be derived from this practice.
but what happens when east meets west?
or, in this case, east meets far-east?
recently, there was news about a russian begging on the streets of kancheepuram.
why?
some reports say that he had used the wrong atm pin and had been locked out.
others say that he had exhausted all his money.
most normal folks would have tried to contact their bank in russia or the folks back home, but 'nyet'.
evgenii berdnikov chose to beg at a temple in kanchi and when the police sent him to chennai, this researcher, as news reports claim, chose to beg again there.
this time around, however, he also charged rs 100 for a selfie with him.
externa affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweets that she will help him because russia is our time-tested friend.
authorities say they can't deport him as yet because his papers are valid.
but evgenii, not evangenil as sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed him, wants to come to bengaluru next before his visa expires.
so, if you happen to meet a white beggar around the city anytime, ask him if his name is evgenii or evangenil.
he may choose to remain silent and you can choose whether or not to take a selfie with him.
to end parliament logjam, government to play dalit cardnew delhi, july 24, 2015, (ians): 21:33 istto end the impasse in parliament, the government is planning to bring out next week its trump card - two pending bills related to the empowerment and reservation for the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes, something which the opposition will not be able to ignore.
the strategists for the government are of the view that this move will not only divide the opposition but also help in securing dalit support in bihar, where the assembly elections are due this year.
sources said the government is planning to bring the bills - the constitution (117th amendment) bill, 2012, that aims to provide quota in promotions and the scheduled castes/scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities act), 1989, next week.
according to sources, prime minister narendra modi has directed finance minister arun jaitley, parliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu and home minister rajnath singh to arrive at a consensus on these long-pending bills after discussing the issue with the party's sc/st parliamentarians.
the 117th constitution amendment bill providing for quota for the scs and sts in government job promotions was passed by the rajya sabha in 2012, when the congress-led upa was in power.
however, it could not be passed by the lok sabha as the samjawadi party opposed it.
sources said that a rajya sabha member from maharashtra, amar shankar sable, recently gave a presentation on the amendment bill to prime minister modi.
impressed by the presentation, modi directed naidu to hold discussions with jaitley and rajnath on the bill.
the three leaders were expected to hold a meeting on friday but it was cancelled at the last minute.
sources said they will soon hold discussions on the subject.
the party's chief whip in the lok sabha, arjun ram meghwal has also been asked to convene a meeting of sc/st parliamentarians to know their views on these bills.
if the government comes up with these bills, it will not be easy for the congress, bahujan samaj party and other parties to disrupt the proceeding of the house.
if they choose to continue with their disruptions, the bjp will be in a position to term their move 'anti-dalit', a senior bjp leader told ians on the condition of anonymity.
the congress and the bsp have been supportive of these bills.
on friday too, both houses of parliament were disrupted for the fourth consecutive day, washing out the first week of the monsoon session without transacting any major business.
the opposition is demanding the resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for helping former indian premier league chief lalit modi, and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam issue.
the congress, bsp and left parties are vocal in demanding the resignations of the three bjp leaders.
ballari man dies in saudi, family awaits body for 9 daysballari: feb 1, 2016, dhns: 0:22 ista family in hosapete has been desperately awaiting the body of a 44-year-old member who died in saudi arabia nine days ago.
satyanarayana bidaruru (44) was working as an operator with a company in saudi arabia for three-and-half years.
his brother srinivas bidaruru said that satyanarayana died on january 23 while playing cricket.
we got the information from damodara naidu, who was working with satyanarayana.
we sent an e-mail to the company with a request to hand over the body to naidu, on january 24.
but, the company has not been responding, srinivas said.
he said that the indian embassy at riyadh has given its no objection certificate and that the family had also approached prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
we have also tweeted to chief minister siddaramaiah seeking help.
but there has been no response, srinivas said.
new delhi, sep 2, 2015 (pti) 15:36 isttop ministers and bjp leaders joined a crucial three-day meeting of rss and its affiliates that began here today to brainstorm over key social and economic issues including those confronting the modi government.
prime minister narendra modi is also expected to attend the coordination meet while bjp chief amit shah will be present there for the better part of the exercise in which issues like census figures, orop, patel agitation in gujarat, land bill, labour reforms and education policy are likely to be discussed.
finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar, transport minister nitin gadkari, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar, health minister jp nadda were among these present today besides shah.
more ministers will join the event being presided by rss head mohan bhagwat.
government ministers may brief the 93 top functionaries of the rastriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) and its 15 affiliates about several issues, including economy, agriculture and education, and will be given inputs by the 'sangh parivar' bodies, sources said.
while the meeting is seen as appraisal exercise for the 15-month-old modi dispensation, rss has maintained that it is neither meant to review the government's performance nor to take any decision but only to exchange notes and deliberate over the inputs provided by the participants.
sources said social, economic, cultural and education issues will be discussed during the three days and the ministers concerned will attend.
are you pucca indian, immigration officer taunts manipuri activistnew delhi, jul 12, 2016, dhns: 1:12 istpucca, indian ho?
the question by an immigration officer to a manipuri activist headed to seoul has prompted the government to order a probe into a complaint of racial abuse.
the incident, which took place on saturday, came to light after monika khangembam posted on facebook her experience at the indira gandhi international airport here.
as social media exploded over the treatment meted out to the activist, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took to twitter to express regret over the incident, and said she would discuss the issue with home minister rajnath singh.
monika wrote on facebook that after looking at her passport, the immigration official remarked that she does not look indian and asked with a smirk whether she was really indian and how many states are there in the country.
when she told the officer she was running late, he insisted that she answer him and told her the aircraft would not leave without her.
monika said she replied to his questions as he was not willing to proceed with the work.
he also asked her how many states manipur shares borders with.
what a bully and never felt so humiliated.
it was like it was his mission to make me realise my indianness and he thought he was being funny.
i was running late and felt i was giving in to the bully.
spoiled my night.
is there a way to complain against these bullies?
she wrote.
sushma tweeted, i am sorry to know this.
immigration is not with me.
i will speak to my senior colleague shri @rajnathsinghji to sensitise immigration officials at the airport.
minister of state (home) kiren rijiju said the bureau of immigration would probe the charges.
we are examining the case.
we have asked for a full report.
there have been previous cases of harassment.
we will take action if anyone is guilty of harassment, he said.
in march 2015, an immigration officer at the delhi airport was suspended after a bengaluru-based woman complained that he threw sexual innuendos at her while she was on the way to hong kong.
sushma swaraj calls on merkel, meets her german counterpartnew delhi, oct 5, 2015, (ians) 12:11 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday called on german chancellor angela merkel here before delegation level talks began between the two countries.
she also met german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier.
ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted: a personal warmth.
sushma swaraj calls on chancellor angela merkel, welcomes her before delegation level talks.
preparing the ground.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and (german) foreign minister steinmeier have an early morning meeting to begin engagements.
earlier in the day, merkel was accorded a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan.
merkel is on an india visit october 4-6.
she is accompanied by a large delegation comprising cabinet ministers and businesspersons.
india, lanka talk out refugee,fishermen issues amid new warmth in tiesnew delhi, jan 18, 2015, (pti) 20:15 istin a significant move reflecting renewed vigour in bilateral ties, india and sri lankan today agreed to re-engage on repatriation of refugees from india as both countries held substantive talks on a raft of crucial matters including political reconciliation process and the sticky fishermen issue.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her sri lankan counterpart mangala samaraweera, during their over three-hour-long talks, reviewed the entire expanse of bilateral ties and explored ways to further strengthen cooperation in various areas.
they also decided to work on repatriation of tamil refugees to sri lanka who had fled during the civil war that started in 1990s.
according to official figures, more than 100,000 sri lankan refugees are in tamil nadu, out of which some 68,000 are housed in over 100 government-run camps.
newly elected sri lankan president maithripala sirisena, who dethroned mahinda rajapaksa from his 10-year rule after a bitter presidential poll, has already indicated that he wants to have a closer relation with new delhi.
samaraweera has chosen india for his first foreign trip after assuming charge.
on the fishermen issue, the sri lanka minister conveyed that they were working on a modus operandi for boats of indian firshermen.
approximately 87 boats of indian fishermen are in custody of sri lankan authorities.
samaraweera assured of a quick solution on the issue.
both the leaders agreed that it was time for fishermen associations from both the countries to engage and find a solution to the issue.
today's talks have been marked by warmth, mutual respect and understanding between india and sri lanka and the substantive outcomes demonstrate the desire of both countries to give a boost to the ties, spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs syed akbaruddin told reporters.
he said date and venue for a meeting of all stakeholders on the fishermen issue is being finalised.
the talks included areas of cooperation on political and economic spehere, the political reconciliation process in sri lanka and efforts of the new government in this regard, said the spokesperson.
both the leaders also discussed sirisena's proposed visit to india.
it will be his first overseas visit after becoming president.
india could drag pak to icj over kargil martyr kalianew delhi, jun 1, 2015, (pti): 19:34 istreversing its earlier stand, india today said it could approach the international court of justice (icj) against the brutal torture of kargil martyr captain saurabh kalia by pakistan in view of the exceptional circumstances of the case.
the government will be requesting the supreme court to pronounce on the legality of its stand that india cannot invoke the compulsory jurisdiction of the icj in relation to disputes concerning armed conflicts, hostilities etc with pakistan as they were commonwealth countries.
however, taking into account the exceptional circumstances of the case, it will ask whether it could move icj.
official spokesperson in the external affairs ministry vikas swarup said in the case filed by the family of kargil martyr capt kalia in the supreme court, the government has held the conventional position under the commonwealth provisions.
this position, which was stated in the affidavit filed by the government on 26 september, 2013, has now been reviewed.
government will be requesting the supreme court to pronounce on the legality of the stand, taking into account the exceptional circumstances.
subject to above, government would be open to invoking the jurisdiction of the international court of justice, the spokesperson said.
it has been decided that the way capt kalia was tortured created 'exceptional circumstances' and therefore, the government will change its affidavit in the supreme court and ask whether under legal provisions they could move icj.
if the court gives a nod, then we will take the issue to icj.
captain kalia and five other soldiers were captured alive on 15 may, 1999 by pakistani troops when they had gone out for patrol duty in kaskar area of kargil.
they were kept in captivity where they were tortured and their bodies mutilated, triggering outrage in the country.
their bodies were handed over to the indian side after 15 days.
captain kalia's ear drums were punctured with hot rods, his eyes were punctured and his limbs and genitals had been cut off.
most of his teeth and bones had also been broken.
n k kalia, the father of the martyred soldier, had moved the supreme court in 2012, demanding an international probe.
last updated: 28 november, 2011new delhi, nov 28, dhns&agencies : 2:04 istparliament paralysed; pranab to convene all-party meeting todaythe decision of the upa government to open up the retail sector to foreign investors snowballed into a political storm on monday with allies trinamool congress and the dmk joining the opposition in parliament demanding an immediate rollback.
as the functioning of parliament stalled for the fifth day in the winter session, an all-party meet will be held on tuesday morning to discuss a way out of the impasse.
with the opposition displaying rare unity against the decision to allow 51 per cent foreign direct investment (fdi) in multi-brand retail, leader of the lok sabha and finance minister pranab mukherjee will meet floor leaders of political parties with four or more members.
the dmk, which joined the trinamool congress in opposing the decision, described as dangerous allowing fdi alleging that it would sound the death knell for millions of small traders.
upping the ante, nda convener and jd(u) president sharad yadav and bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain said the question of allowing parliament to function does not arise till the government reverses the decision.
rollback fdi in retail and (you can) run the house, leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj told the government.
the move to allow 51 per cent fdi in multi-brand retail and 100 per cent in single brand retail has become the bone of contention with several chief ministers of non-congress states such as uttar pradesh, tamil nadu, bihar, odisha and those ruled by the bjp demanding the withdrawal of the ill-advised move.
however, the congress, at a meeting of its core committee, is learnt to have decided to stand firm on the government's decision.
in the wake of swelling pressure, the congress top brass, including prime minister manmohan singh and party chief sonia gandhi, held consultations this evening.
sources in the government, however, ruled out the possibility of the withdrawal of the decision on fdi, but the government could accommodate certain concerns of the opposition by tweaking the conditions so that the kirana shops could be integrated in the supply chains of the global retailers.
the two houses could not transact business for the fifth day after the winter session of parliament commenced on november 22.
the opposition is insisting on admission of the adjournment notices on the issue and a discussion in both houses under a rule that entails voting.
though the government is ready for a debate, it is not in favour of voting on the issue.
in the lok sabha, the opposition mps were on their feet soon after the house resumed sitting.
murli manohar joshi of the bjp, who had submitted a notice to adjourn the question hour to take up the issue, insisted on its admission by the speaker.
when members of various parties trooped into the well of the house, the speaker adjourned lok sabha till noon.
but, pandemonium continued after the house reassembled, even as deputy speaker karia munda adjourned the house till tuesday.
in the rajya sabha too, v maitreyan of the aiadmk moved an adjournment motion asking for a discussion on the fdi under a rule that entails voting.
the upper house witnessed uproar and was adjourned twice, initially till 12 noon and then for the rest of the day.
commerce minister anand sharma wrote to the leaders of political parties in a bid to dispel their doubts on the policy and drive home the point that the move would benefit the farmers, consumers and create about more job opportunities.
sharma shot off missives to j jayalalitha of tamil nadu, biju patnaik of odisha, mayawati in uttar pradesh and mamata banerjee of west bengal pointing out that the decision was just an enabling framework and the state governments had the prerogative to adopt or reject it.
abe arrives in india on 3-day visitnew delhi, dec 11, 2015 (pti) 19:37 istjapanese premier shinzo abe today arrived here on a three-day visit for annual summit talks with prime minister narendra modi during which the two sides are expected to seal a rs 98,000 crore deal for india's first bullet train track and deliberate on a civil nuclear pact.
abe, accompanied by a high-level delegation, was received at the airport by union minister of state for finance jayant sinha.
in the 9th annual indo-japan summit talks tomorrow, modi and abe will review implementation of various decisions taken in course of last one year and are likely to focus on enhancing trade and investment between the two asian economic powers.
hours after he arrived, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on abe during which a host of issues of mutual interest figured.
carrying forward a positive legacy of friendship and cooperation: eam @sushmaswaraj calls on japanese pm @abeshinzo, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
welcoming abe, modi described him as a phenomenal leader and said his trip will further deepen the bilateral relations.
welcome to india @abeshinzo.
your visit will provide new strength and vigour to india-japan ties, modi tweeted.
a number of agreements to expand cooperation in a range of areas are expected to be signed tomorrow after the summit talks which is likely to deliberate on a number of infrastructure projects including the ambitious smart cities initiative of modi.
the bullet train network, set to be finalised, will link the india's financial hub mumbai with ahmadabad, the capital of modi's home state, gujarat.
bullet train between the two cities will cut travel time on the 505 kilometer route from eight hours to around three.
according to sources, the sides are working to make forward movement in the proposed nuclear deal.
bjp's double standards exposed, says nitishpatna, june 16, 2015, dhns: 23:26 istbihar chief minister nitish kumar on monday assailed the bjp for adopting double standards in the lalit modi row in which the opposition has been baying for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs blood.
they have different yardsticks for different persons.
whenever an issue of impropriety was raised in the previous regime, the bjp would be the first one to seek resignation of the leader concerned.
and now, when a uk newspaper has exposed this misdemeanour, the entire bjp leaders, backed by its parent organisation, rss, have joined hands to defend swaraj, said nitish.
he added that had the uk tabloid not reported the wrongdoing, the bjp leaders would have kept blowing their trumpet that modi regime is a scam-free government.
talking to media after his weekly janata durbar, the jd-u strongman again took a swipe at the bjp president amit shah and advised him to perform yoga at his home or at munger school of yoga, which is considered as the most authentic institute which teaches yoga.
nitishs remarks come in the wake of reports that amit shah will perform yoga in patna on june 21, the international yoga day.
has he seen his body?
i suggest he should do yoga in the privacy of his residence.
this will help him keep good health, nitish had earlier said.
five indians abducted by pirates; are safe: sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, dec 18, 2015, (pti) 16:25 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said all five indian sailors have been abducted by pirates in nigeria but are safe.
a day after swaraj sought a report on the abduction of the indian nationals, the minister said, our high commissioner in nigeria a r ghanshyam met president of nigeria on 12 december.
he is making all efforts to secure their release.
i have the report on abduction of five indian sailors in nigeria.
the contact with pirates is established.
indian sailors are safe.
yesterday, a request seeking help was made on twitter about five indian sailors being kidnapped in warri, nigeria on december 11 and that they are still not freed, to which swaraj had tweeted that, i have asked for a report on the abduction of 5 indian sailors in nigeria.
new delhi, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 21:27 istin a tight spot following fresh revelations, bjp reacted with caution, with its spokesperson sambit patra saying the party will not run away from the issue and look into the new disclosure.
we will not run away.
.
.
the party will do whatever is necessary to see to it that truth comes out in the open, patra said.
hitting out at prime minister narendra modi, ramesh said, the government which advocates propriety and zero tolerence to corruption should immediately seek her resignation.
the prime minister who used to speak so much on these issues one year back has been silent and has gone into a shell.
with the lalit modi controversy snowballing into a bigger row by the day, ramesh also demanded the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had helped modi secure travel documents for him in the uk, besides that of hrd minister smriti irani, caught in a row over furnishing different informations about her educational qualifications in election affidavits.
she should immediately resign.
it should be followed by the resignation of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and hrd minister smriti irani, he said.
making it clear that the congress was not relent on the issue, ramesh said the demand for resignation of the three leaders is non-negotiable.
after tonight, the continuace of raje as chief minister of rajasthan is immoral, he said.
our struggle will continue both inside and outside parliament, he said.
senior cpi-m leader brinda karat said, raje cannot be allowed to stay in office even for a second.
this is the responsibility of bjp's top leaders including narendra modi and amit shah to immediately take action and get her to resign because clearly she is not going to resign.
indicating there would be no let up in congress's onslaught on the modi government, another congress spokesman anand sharma said, she (raje) and the bjp ministers who have been exposed or have been accused of acts of omission and commission will have to go.
for an absconder from law, you secure travel documents of a country, they all have to go, sharma, a former union minister, said.
former rajasthan chief minister and raje's long-time rival ashok gehlot said,the true character has been revealed and what kind of letter has been written.
money has also been transferred through hawala.
there is an open corruption and, if vasundhara is a model to bring back black money, then arun jaitley's model has failed.
it is a testing time for narendra modi and we will be waiting for his action, he said.
eminent lawyer and former aap leader prashant bhushan said raje's position had become untenable from the time lalit modi tweeted and gave the evidence that she had signed the affidavit in her favour and that it should be kept secret.
you do such a thing when you think that you are doing something which is not legitimate, bhushan said.
aap leader ashutosh said there was no room left for raje in the bjp after fresh revelations in the murky episode.
she should resign because it is an open and shut case, he said.
she chose to lie in the first place after the first expose.
she is a person who knows what should be done and clearly is trying to camouflage, hoping that it may not be exposed.
there is no case for her except to resign, karat said.
stepping up the offensive against raje, who had claimed she did not recall having signed such a document, congress accused her of repeatedly lying and demanded her immediate resignation.
the curtains are off, the secret is out.
the document signed by vasundhara raje dated august 18, 2011 supporting his immigration case before the british government is out.
when the issue came out first, she feigned ignorance and then said she does not remember, senior party leader jairam ramesh told reporters at the aicc briefing.
raje was alleged to have agreed to become a witness to the former ipl czar's immigration application provided it was kept a secret in india.
bjp has always maintained that if papers are produced with her signature, then she is culpable.
there is no need of anymore evidence, vasundhara raje stands thoroughly exposed, ramesh said.
ramesh said the congress seeks her immediate resignation as she has broken four laws - indian penal code, prevention of corruption act, pmla, passport act, while batting for a bhagora (fugitive).
displaying the seven-page document having 21 points, he said, this has never happened in independent india before where a former chief minister and leader of opposition has batted for a fugitive.
india to seek un sanction against jaish chiefnew delhi, feb 26, 2016, dhns: 0:40 istindia will soon make a fresh move at the united nations to seek international sanctions on terror outfit jaish-e-mohammeds founder moulana masood azhar, whom it suspects to be the mastermind of the january 1-4 terror attacks on the indian air force base at pathankot in punjab.
indias earlier attempts at international organization to seek sanctions on masood azhar were blocked by china, one of the five permanent members of united nations security council, ostensibly at the behest of pakistan.
new delhi also on february 18 last submitted a list of 11 individuals and an organization to the united nations 1267/1989/2253 isil (daesh) and al qaida sanctions committee, seeking sanctions on them, external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, informed the lok sabha in response to a query.
we will be moving to 1267 sanctions committee to also include the name of masood azhar on the sanctions list.
it is a great anomaly that the organisation jem is listed, but not its leader, vikas swarup, official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs said.
vasundhara left to fend for herselfdalip singh, new delhi, june 18, 2015, dhns 1:51 istcricket & politics: no union minister supported rajasthan cmthe modi government and the bjp do not appear to be inclined to defend rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje unlike in the case of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, where the toss brass went all out to defend her.
both are accused of helping out fugitive former ipl chairman lalit modi to procure travel documents.
raje and swaraj incidentally are long time friends of business-cum-cricket administrator modi who has survived crackdown since 2010 due to his all-weather friends in different political parties and ruling elite.
raje is left to fend for herself after her name figured in the controversy.
state bjp leaders privately stated that none among the modi government ministers and central party leaders came out to publicly support the beleaguered chief minister.
eventually only state leaders and ministers had to guard her from charges that she gave a confidential testimony in support of lalit modis immigration application in the uk.
also, the rajasthan government under her leadership was accused of tying up with the same lisbon-based hospital two months after lalits wife underwent operation in the same institute to set up a top class medical facility for cancer patients.
rajasthan health minister rajender rathore appeared before television on wednesday and offered his head.
i accept responsibility if signing mou for providing technical support as health minister was a crime, rathore stated.
on the contrary, hours after the controversy broke out on news television on sunday, bjp president amit shah and union home minister rajnath singh had rushed to defend swaraj endorsing her version that she helped lalit on humanitarian ground.
when asked to comment on rajes case, telecom minister ravi shankar prasad told reporters that sushmaswaraj swarajs case was of a compassionate intervention for humanitarian cause.
in rajasthan case, surely they will revert.
he also deflected the issue by saying that we need to find out facts about the issue, new speculations everyday do not help.
the party, however, has asked leaders asking them not to speak out of turn.
raje, interestingly, had called on prime minister narendra modi on june 8, a day after the british media broke the modigate.
she had another meeting with swaraj later in the day.
though what transpired in both the meetings was not put out in public domain, the buzz in the party is that it might had to do with unravelling of messy details of her underhand support to lalit modi.
in the past too, raje had to bear consequences due to her proximity to lalit modi.
after becoming the chief minister again in 2013, raje tried to reinstall lalit modi as rajasthan cricket association president early last year but had to give up her plans what state bjp leaders said due to pressure from the bcci and central top leadership.
instead lalits former associate amin pathan was made the rca chief.
party sources recalled one of the reasons was that lalit during the last rajasthan assembly elections had accused two central leaders in his tweets of taking money in ticket distribution.
she had to bury her differences within the party by offloading lalit and only then she was able to expand her cabinet, stated another bjp leader.
state leaders guess it was perhaps that incident which might have provoked lalit modi to do the unthinkable  release innocuously documents through his pr team that has put his friend in a spot.
parliament disruptions heaping losses on exchequernew delhi, july 24, 2015, dhns: 1:00 istas the opposition paralysed the first week of parliament session, focus has fallen back on the loss to the exchequer as a result of the protest.
official estimates suggest each hour of parliament in session would cost roughly rs 25 lakh.
lok sabha works for six hours a day from monday to friday, while rajya sabha has a five-hour day, five-day week.
a back of the envelope calculation puts the cost of running the parliament for a day at rs 2 crore, while the current 18-day session would cost the exchequer rs 35 crore.
since the monsoon session of parliament began on tuesday the lok sabha and the rajya sabha has witnessed repeated disruptions by the opposition over the lalitgate controversy involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
the first week has been a complete washout with the ruling bjp also countering the opposition by digging out scams in congress-ruled states and targeting robert vadra, the son-in-law of congress president sonia gandhi.
the vadra issue has touched a raw nerve in congress, further strengthening its resolve to step up attack on the modi government.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu told deccan herald that the government was holding back channel talks with opposition parties, including the congress, to break the logjam in parliament.
naidu also said there was pressure on congress to give up its no resignation, no discussion stand it has taken on the lalitgate issue.
the congress is getting isolated.
we want to exhaust them, a nda floor manager said.
it is learnt that the government has even threatened to adjourn the monsoon session sine die next week if the congress did not allow it to function.
pakistani mp imran khan calls on modinew delhi, dec 11 (ians) 20:22 istmember of pakistan's parliament and former cricketer imran khan called on prime minister narendra modi here on friday.
at his request, pakistan mp & chairman of tehreek-e-insaf party imran khan called on pm @narendramodi today, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup tweeted along with a picture of the two.
swarup said modi and khan welcomed the recent thawing in relations between india and pakistan and expressed the hope that these would lead to cooperative ties between the two countries.
during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to pakistan earlier this week for the heart of asia conference on peace and stability in afghanistan, the new delhi and islamabad decided to start a comprehensive bilateral dialogue covering the entire gamut of issues.
mr imran khan invited pm @narendramodi to visit pakistan, swarup said in another tweet.
modi is scheduled to visit pakistan next year to attend the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) summit meeting.
fm hopeful of banking billnew delhi, dec 12, 2012, dhns : 21:55 istfinance minister p chidambaram on wednesday expressed renewed hope that the much-awaited banking bill will be passed this week, after he held talks with opposition leaders on proposed changes to banking rules.
the banking laws amendment bill is a key reform proposal aimed at strengthening the reserve bank of indias regulatory powers and making it easier for banks to raise capital to boost lending.
the proposals include increasing the voting rights of shareholders in private banks to 26 per cent from 10 per cent and strengthening the central banks regulatory powers.
the rbi has not issued new bank licenses for several years now, asking the government to first enact the legislation.
the opposition says that the government added some additional clauses after the bill was cleared by a parliamentary panel on finance.
the bjp is against introducing the provision which relates to banks operating in commodities futures trade.
i have discussed all five key economic reforms bills with two leaders of opposition.
i sincerely hope that the principal opposition party would cooperate, he told reporters.
sources said the two leaders were sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
sources in congress, however, said that swaraj and jaitley may be in agreement but chidambaram needed to convince senior bjp leader yashwant sinha, who is vociferously opposing the changes incorporated by the finance ministry.
the key economic reform bills which are pending before parliament include banking laws amendment bill, insurance laws (amendment) bill, micro finance institutions (development and regulation) bill besides pension fund regulatory and development authority bill.
by harish ramaswamy oct 4 2017, 22:31 istevery election year, it is commonplace for candidates to try to move from their original constituencies to new ones or to contest from two or more constituencies to safeguard their position.
sonia gandhi and sushmaswaraj swaraj contesting from bellary (1999), narendra modi from varanasi and vadodara (2014), indira gandhi from medak and rae bareli (1980) are not new.
candidates in all these cases are by law supposed to vacate one of the seats in case they win both.
similarly, rajya sabha mps being nominated from states other than the one they hail from is also now common.
p chidambaram (maharashtra), nirmala sitharaman (karnataka) and arun jaitley (gujarat) are cases that show that for political parties, winnability is more important than true representation in our democracy.
there was a pil in the supreme court challenging the constitutional validity of the provisions that allow for contesting multiple seats in 2015.
earlier to that, the election commission had in 2010 proposed a change in the law to limit the number of seats to one per candidate.
the proposal was not cleared by the federal government.
nevertheless, the opinion on this issue is clearly divided.
some academics believe that contesting in multiple constituencies supports in voter mobilisation, while others believe that it hurts the states exchequer since this would call for by-elections.
for leaders who have tried this to script their return to active politics or to safeguard their political future when their leadership is challenged from both within and without, their concern for their constituency or the question of representation is a travesty.
this phenomenon in karnataka politics brought it the reputation of being a safe haven for congress at one time.
this time around, the context is different with the bjp state president b s yeddyurappa likely being directed by his leaders to contest from north karnataka.
there may be many reasons for this: the lingayat-veerashaiva predicament, an unresolved issue, has all the potential to dig holes in the so-called majority community (lingayats are 17  of the population) vote in the region.
an idea, floated by the congress perhaps to woo divided votes, to give the community a minority/obc tag seems even more potent.
yeddyurappa, so far projected as the unquestionable leader of his community, may be reduced to a minority leader status.
worse, these developments could culminate in a clear division of the community.
his shrinking popularity in the state, in party circles and in shimoga, though not so much in his own constituency of shikaripura, after the rayanna brigade was invented to project k s eshwarappa as the leader of the backward communities; the foiled bike rally in the coastal region, and the conspicuous absence of the bjp president in the rally; the gauri lankesh murder  in all likelihood by bigots  and the protests surrounding it; the threats to free speech and its votaries  seen as the retreat of a progressive society  have all changed the political dynamics in the state and have impacted the reputations of the top state leaders of the major political parties.
but the bjp well remembers that when yeddyurappa went out of the party and formed the kjp after being forced to resign over the mining bribery charges, the bjps tally came down from 110 in the 2008 elections to just 40 in the 2013 polls.
although the kjp itself won only six seats, the bjp acknowledged that yeddyurappa had damaged its seat tally  the kjp finished second in 36 constituencies, third in 35 constituencies and secured an impressive 30.
68 lakh votes (9.
83  of the total).
in shimoga, for instance, the winning congress candidate secured 39,355 votes, the kjp 39,077 and bjp 33,462 votes.
indeed, nearly 20 years before that, in 1994, yeddyurappa had played an important role when the bjp won five seats in the bombay-karnataka region, a lingayat stronghold, for the first time.
the party had managed to hold sway in the region ever since until 2013.
this, in fact, seems to have come back to haunt him now, having been given the responsibility to bring in the lingayat vote once again in all of north karnataka, albeit in a very different political scenario, since the party that wins the maximum number of seats in north karnataka will almost surely get to rule the state.
deep-rooted tieswhile mindful of these political developments, it is important to ask if candidates constituency-hopping is in the good spirit of democracy.
there has been some research on this phenomenon in more mature democracies like britain.
these studies have found that voters choose or prefer candidates with deep local roots in constituencies and those who have a longstanding relationship with the constituency since they see it as a question of the very idea of representation and the responsibilities of government.
empirical evidence in these studies has also shown that those with deep connection with their constituencies are more likely to win elections than those that have hopped in from another constituency.
in other words, the local candidate shows greater winnability than the migrant candidate, and this also legitimises the formers claim to represent the constituency.
of course, today there is the x-factor in the form of social media, which seems to have the power to decide whether migrant candidates succeed or fail at the hustings.
yeddyurappas shift to a constituency in north karnataka, therefore, may or may not yield the result his party hopes for.
nonetheless, in the indian context, it only shows the nervousness of a candidate or a party about his prospects in the current constituency, rather than a sound political strategy.
subhash c kashyap, a former secretary-general of the lok sabha and an honorary research professor at the centre for policy research in delhi, feels that constituency-hopping allows politicians to misuse the electoral system.
but perhaps, as mark twain said, if voting made any difference, they wouldnt let us do it.
india to unmask pakistan as top us diplomat visitsnew delhi, august 26, 2015, dhns: 1:42 istindia will share with united states how pakistan over the past few weeks killed the spirit of the understanding prime minister narendra modi and his neighbouring-country counterpart nawaz sharif had reached at ufa in russia on july 10.
us assistant secretary of state for south and central asian affairs, nisha biswal, is set to reach new delhi on wednesday.
government officials are likely to brief her about pakistan rangers' and army's repeated ceasefire violations along the line of control as well as the undisputed stretch of the border.
officials told deccan herald new delhi had recorded at least 91 incidents of ceasefire violations in the one and a half months since the modi-sharif meeting in ufa.
biswal is visiting new delhi for discussions with ministry of external affairs and ministry of commerce and industry officials and for preparations for the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue, likely to be held in washington dc next month.
they may also discuss the possibility of modi meeting us president barack obama on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly in new york.
india-pakistan relations are also likely to figure in the discussions as viswal is the first top us diplomat to visit new delhi after a bitter war of words between the two neighbouring nations led to the cancellation of the parleys the national security advisers (nsas), which were scheduled for monday.
biswal is likely to meet foreign secretary s jaishankar and the joint secretary (americas) in the ministry of external affairs, vinay mohan kwatra.
the us state department expressed disappointment over the talks' cancellation, and urged both countries to resume formal dialogue soon.
new delhi is likely to convey to washington that while it is still committed to the ufa understanding, any future engagement would be possible only if pakistan agreed to adhere to the red lines drawn by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she had also made it clear that any indo-pak discussion on kashmir and other outstanding issues should be held bilaterally without any third party, and within the framework of the simla agreement of 1972 and the lahore declaration of 1999.
govt rules out sushmaswaraj quitting, par session may be stormynew delhi, july 14, 2015, (pti) 21:54 istthe monsoon session of parliament is set to be stormy with government today rejecting outright the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and any of the bjp chief ministers, issues over which the opposition have closed ranks and plan to corner the treasury benches.
while the opposition is determined to seek the scalp of swaraj, chief ministers vasundhara raje, shivraj singh chouhan and raman singh over various scams, union minister m venkaiah naidu today ruled out any such possibility.
the question does not arise at all.
she is one of the best performing ministers.
nothing wrong has been done (by her) morally or legally, naidu said when asked about the opposition's demand for swaraj's resignation.
the union minister was also dismissive about the demand for raje's resignation wondering what parliament has to do with a chief minister.
what parliament has got to do with chief minister, i am not able to understand.
parliament is for government of india.
.
.
chief minister belongs to a state.
if there is an issue of a state, it has to be discussed in the assembly, he told cnn-ibn.
naidu also expressed disappointment over reports that political parties planning to obstruct the session, and requested them to make positive contributions.
i was little upset over reports that some parties want to obstruct the session.
i hope they won't.
the session is there to discuss, debate and decide.
i request all political parties to make positive contributions in the coming session of parliament.
whatever they (parties) want to speak or highlight, they have every right to do it as per the rules and government will be willing to discuss all the issues, he said in the backdrop of opposition gearing up to corner the government over a host of issues, including vyapam scam, and lalit modi controversy.
raju, ap govt urge list of banned us varsitieshyderabad: dec 23, 2015, dhns 1:28 istfollowing deportation of ap and telangana students by us authorities, union minister ashok gajapati raju and ap government representative kambhampati rammohan rao have urged mea to obtain a list of blacklisted universities of that country.
the two met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on tuesday on the issue and requested her to obtain the blacklist since it would help several indian students trying for higher studies in the us.
with rumours swirling that two san francisco-based varsities northwestern polytechnic university and silicon valley university- are under scrutiny, several students from the two telugu states were reportedly prevented from entering us despite possessing proper travel documents.
we have apprised the external affairs minister of the ongoing deportation issue of telugu students from san francisco by the us customs authorities and urged her to speak to her counterparts in usa, raju told reporters.
we realise students were disappointed at the airlines preventing them from boarding the flight, but they have been stopped for their own welfare, rammohan rao said.
otherwise, they would have undergone more pain.
sushma gives wealth goddess festival a misslast updated: 12 august, 2011bellary, aug 12 (ians) 18:16 istfor the rags-to-riches or rather bicycle-to-choppers reddy brothers of karnataka, this years festival of hindu wealth goddess lakshmi friday lacked lustre.
missing at the varamahalakshmi pooja in the reddys political base, the iron ore rich bellary district, about 300 km from bangalore, was their thayi (mother) sushmaswaraj swaraj of the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
however, the reddys had some consolation as bjp president nitin gadkari blessed scores of couples at a mass marriage the mining barons loyalist and former health minister b. sriramulu organised.
since 1999, except in 2008 and this year, it was sushmaswaraj swaraj who was the star attraction at the pooja held at a doctors residence in bellary and at the mass marriage ceremony.
though this is the second time the bjps fiery leader was absent at the pooja, it stood out as it came on the heels of the reddys' indictment for illegal mining and loss of ministership in the state.
the reason apparently given by sushmaswaraj swaraj for giving the miss to the friday event is a bereavement in her family.
she missed the festival also in 2008 because of a death in the family.
the reddys were struggling businessmen in 1999 when they joined the bjp just ahead of the lok sabha polls and came into contact with sushmaswaraj swaraj as she took on congress president sonia gandhi in bellary.
since then the reddys always addressed sushmaswaraj swaraj as thayi and used to gush that they would never go against her wishes.
of the three reddy brothers, g. janardhana and elder g. karunakara have been named in the lokayukta report on illegal mining scam.
the report led to the fall of the b.s. yeddyurappa ministry on july 31.
janardhana held the tourism portfolio and karunakara handled the revenue portfolio while their loyalist sriramlu looked after health.
the youngest reddy is g. somashekara, a legislator from bellary.
he has not been named in the lokayukta report.
the two senior reddys and sriramlu have not been included in the d.v. sadananda gowda ministry that succeeded the scandals-hit yeddyurappa cabinet.
janardhanas lobbying to get his youngest brother somashekara into the gowda ministry has thus far not been heeded to by the bjp central leaders.
gowda took oath alone as chief minister aug 4 and has inducted 26 ministers in two batches.
he can add seven more as the ministry strength is fixed at 34.
last year the congress had alleged that sushmaswaraj swarajs annual visit to bellary was meant take back lakshmi (money) from the reddys.
she had vehemently denied the charge.
the first signs of thayi distancing from the reddys came early this year when she told a magazine that she had not promoted the mining barons political career.
u-14 girls team stuck in nepal to be evacuated on prioritynew delhi, apr 26, 2015 (pti) 9:46 istindia today said that it would evacuate on priority 18 members of the country's under-14 girls football team which is stuck in nepal following a massive earthquake.
the scared indian girls and two support staff had decided to sleep outside their rooms at hotel view bhrikuti in kathmandu for the fear of further aftershocks.
they were practicing in the stadium for the third-place play-off against iran when the earthquake shook the venue and adjoining areas yesterday.
the indian team had earlier lost to hosts nepal in the semifinals on friday.
we were doing the practice just before the start of the third place play-off against iran and then we saw the stadium shaking.
there were hundreds of people there to watch the match.
we ran to the middle of the pitch and remained there as we saw buildings collapse in the adjoining areas.
it was a real scary moment for us, coach maymol rocky had told pti from kathmandu.
these girls are not even 14 and they have not experienced this kind of scary moment in their lives, she had said.
shaken by the tremors, the indian girls as well as the iranians had reached the team hotel and decided to sleep in open space inside the hotel premises and not in their rooms.
the place is still experiencing aftershocks even now and the girls are scared to sleep in their rooms inside the hotel.
we are staying outside the hotel but inside its compound in the open space tonight.
the hotel staff is kind enough to provide us food and sleeping material.
there is also no electricity outside.
we know we will not be able to sleep tonight.
the girls are really scared and want to go back home immediately, she had said.
rocky said that the team manager sapna has spoken to indian embassy people but they have asked the players to come to the kathmandu airport so that they can be airlifted by military planes sent by india.
an aiff official here had said that the team will be brought back to india tomorrow by the military aircraft.
anirban bhaumik, new delhi, feb 09, 2015, dhns: 2:01 istindia on monday sought singapores support to develop and enhance connectivity in the north-east.
a meeting between prime minister narendra modi and singapore president tony tan keng yam on monday identified the city-states support to new delhis development and connectivity projects in and around north-east india as a new area of prospective bilateral cooperation.
new delhi also sought singapores support on urban rejuvenation, particularly on developing smart cities across the country.
singapores president arrived in new delhi on sunday for a four-day visit.
he had a meeting with modi at hyderabad house here on monday.
he also had a separate meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
according to a statement issued by the ministry of external affairs, modi and tony tan had wide-ranging discussions on enhancement of bilateral relations and strengthening of cooperation on regional and international issues to raise india-singapore partnership to a higher level.
sources told deccan herald that new delhi was actively seeking singapores support to its development and connectivity projects in north-east india.
the move came in response to beijings push for bangladesh-china-india-myanmar economic corridor, added sources.
though india supported a track-ii study group on the bcim-ec; the security establishments of new delhi has been cagey about the economic corridor proposed by beijing.
indias reservation stems from anticipation that the bcim-ec project would expose the north-eastern states  a theatre of many secessionist insurgencies and ethnic conflicts  and its eastern frontier to growing economic influence of china.
during a visit to india last month, japans foreign minister, fumio kishida, said that tokyo was ready to support new delhis development initiatives in north-east india, which, according to him, could serve as a connective node between south and south-east asia.
sisi to attend india-africa meetkalyan ray, new delhi:oct 26, 2015, dhns 1:52 istegyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi would visit india for the first time to attend the third india-africa forum summit, ending weeks of speculations about his absence in indias biggest diplomatic show since 1983.
sisi would also discuss ways to boost bilateral ties and increase investment, especially in the ambitious suez canal project, presidential spokesperson alaa youssef has confirmed in cairo.
in the last couple of months, indian diplomats were engaged in hectic parleys with their egyptian counterpart, after it was indicated that sisi might not be able to attend the summit because of other commitments.
the uncertainty about sisis participation was considered a dark cloud hanging over the four-day diplomatic extravaganza, as new delhi was keen to have him on the dais for the summit because egypt under gamal abdel nasser and india under jawaharlal nehru were the two key partners to form the non-aligned movement (nam) in the 1960s.
prime minister narendra modi personally invited sisi when they met on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly in new york in september.
the invite was again conveyed by three ministers  sushmaswaraj swaraj, nitin gadkari and mukhtar abbas naqvi  to sisi in july and august but each time the response was lukewarm.
twice in the last two years, the modi government did not respond to egypts invite to attend important engagements despite expressing initial interests.
india was represented only by an official at the cairo international conference on pledging financial support for the reconstruction of gaza in october 2014, though foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj showed interest initially.
the modi ministers also missed the economic development conference in march 2015 in the red sea resort of sharm el-sheikh though heads of states or governments from 18 african, asian and european nations participated in the conference.
during his maiden visit to india, egypts former army chief field marshal sisi will meet president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi and a number of officials and businessmen.
he would also seek fresh investment in the new suez canal project that was inaugurated in august.
the 72-km proposed channel would run along the existing canal connecting the red sea to the mediterranean.
it is aimed at speeding up the traffic along the existing waterway by reducing the waiting period of vessels.
tortured kerala youths return homethiruvananthapuram, dec 26, 2015, pti: 12:26 istthree kerala youths, who were allegedly physically tortured by their saudi employer, returned to their home state early today from saudi arabia.
the plight of the three came to light after a whatsapp video of a saudi employer allegedly beating them with a wooden plank surfaced.
kerala government and external affairs ministry had intervened to help them.
as the trio arrived at the airport here in the wee hours, their relatives and friends welcomed them.
baiju, abilash and vimal kumar had been taken to saudi arabia by a placement agency a couple of months back after promising them job opportunities.
21-year-old abilash told reporters that he had taken loan to build a house and had hoped that employment abroad will help him clear his loan fast.
however, that was not to be.
their relatives said it was a relief seeing their near ones back safe.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had earlier stated in new delhi that the three men had been given police protection and the matter was being followed up.
staff at indian embassy in pakistan to mark yoga daynew delhi: june 10, 2015, dhns 2:12 istdays after pakistan rejected visa to an indian yoga teacher being sent for preparations of events planned for international yoga day, india on tuesday said its staff at its mission in islamabad would perform yoga on june 21.
no problem.
yoga events will definitely be organised there.
we have done some internal arrangements.
we did not request the pakistan authorities.
their mindset stood revealed as they rejected visa to our yoga teacher.
we arranged (local) teachers from the country (pakistan) itself and got the participants trained for performance of yoga.
out of 193 un member states, 192 countries will organise various events including performance of yoga to mark international yoga day on june 21.
of them, 47 countries are members of organisation of islamic countries, said swaraj, adding that this showed religion had nothing to do with yoga.
its only yemen where no event will be organised because our embassy has been shifted from there.
we are organising events in 192 countries, while we have our missions in 121 countries only, she said.
while india could send only 30 yoga instructors to different countries in preparation for international yoga day, many yoga gurus, including ramdev and ravi shankar, joined the move and helped the government train those who will perform yoga in the 192 countries.
twenty countries, including the us, will organise events in multiple cities to mark the occasion.
while more than 35,000 people, including school and college students as well as government officials, will perform mass yoga in the presence of prime minister narendra modi here on rajpath on june 21, similar events will be organised across the country in 650 districts.
modi, however, will not perform yoga.
responding to criticism of governments yoga day plans, the minister said participation in the event was not mandatory.
press trust of india, islamabad, jun 15 2017, 19:11 istpakistan said today it welcomed russian president vladimir putin's intention to play a role in helping resolve its bilateral differences with india.
foreign office spokesman nafees zakaria during a weekly briefing was asked that reportedly during his meeting with prime minister nawaz sharif on the sidelines of sco summit, putin offered mediation between india and pakistan to resolve their issues.
pakistan welcomes unsc permanent member russia's attention and intention to play a role in this longstanding issue on the unsc agenda, he said.
zakarai said putin was a world leader and a statesman and pakistan would extend a very warm welcome to him when he decides to visit the country.
talking about ties with russia, zakarai said pakistan- russia relation was following a positive trajectory.
both sides have signed defence agreement, held joint military exercises and russia is investing usd 2 billion in south-north gas pipeline project.
there is tremendous scope for enhancing ties further, particularly in political, economic and trade, energy, defense, culture and education fields, he said.
zakarai said there was a growing realisation and concern among the regional countries and the un on the threat to peace in the region due to indian unprovoked hostility on the loc and working boundary.
indian attempts to distract the world attention from the brutalities its occupation forces have unleashed on unarmed kashmiris have endangered peace and security in the sub- continent and beyond, he alleged.
to a question about external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj), he said pakistan was a sovereign country and reserves the right to take up any matter at any forum it deemed appropriate.
as for kashmir, it is an internationally recognised dispute and outstanding on the unsc agenda.
pakistan's position is consistent that we call for an early implementation of the relevant unsc resolutions on kashmir, which promise the right of self-determination to the kashmiri people under a un supervised plebiscite, he said.
india, pak nsas meet in bangkoknew delhi: dec 6, 2015, dhns: 0:54 istthe national security advisors (nsas) of india and pakistan on sunday held talks in bangkok for four hours, discussing terrorism, kashmir and several other issues to take forward the dialogue process.
the dialogue between the two neighbouring countries was under cloud following the cancellation of the previous round of nsa talks.
national security advisor ajit doval and his pakistani counterpart nasir janjua have agreed to carry forward the constructive engagement process, the ministry of external affairs (mea) said in a press statement.
the two nsas were accompanied by the two countries respective foreign secretariess jaishankar and aizaz ahmad chaudhryin the marathon meeting held in the thai capital, six days after prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif had a brief meeting in paris.
discussions were held in a candid, cordial and constructive atmosphere.
they were guided by the vision of the two leaders for a peaceful, stable and prosperous south asia.
the discussions covered peace and security, terrorism, jammu and kashmir, and other issues, including tranquillity along the loc.
it was agreed to carry forward the constructive engagement, the mea statement said.
the choice of a neutral venue for the nsas meeting may have been prompted by a desire to avoid a repeat of the events that led to the cancellation of a visit by sartaj aziz, the then pakistani nsa, to new delhi for talks in august.
pakistan called off the visit after new delhi made it clear that aziz would not be allowed to meet kashmiri separatist leaders in the indian capital.
the latest meeting happened on the eve of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs likely tour to islamabad later this week to attend the heart of asia conference on afghanistan.
she decided to fly to pakistan after factoring in the outcome of the modi-sharif meeting in paris.
indian officials said bangkok was chosen because of the convenience of both parties as jaishankar were in tokyo in connection with japanese prime minister shinzo abes visit to india while the pakistani side was also travelling.
both governments kept the information under the wraps.
the breakthrough is an indication that the modi-sharif meeting in paris was more than a sudden encounter and exchange of courtesies as had been claimed by the indian side.
however, its not yet clear what the contours of the structured dialogue involving the foreign office would be.
greater noida, mar 28, 2017, (pti) 19:57 istfive people have been arrested in connection with attacks on african students in greater noida, sparking concern over their safety and prompting intervention by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who has promised immediate action.
while swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after being approached by an african student who pleaded for action describing the situation as life threatening, her ministry termed these attacks as deplorable.
four nigerian students were attacked by a group of greater noida residents who took out a candle-light march yesterday after a 17-year-old boy manish died last week in the nsg black cats enclave due to suspected drug overdose.
the protest march was taken out after the police released some nigerians detained for questioning in connection with death of manish, a class 12 student, due to lack of evidence.
following the incident, nigerian high commission officials went to meet the injured nationals and said they felt unsafe.
a senior high commission official said the mission was in touch with the external affairs ministry on the issue.
mea spokesperson gopal baglay said the government is committed to ensuring safety and security of all foreigners in india and people from africa, including students, remain our valued partners.
noting that law enforcement authorities of the district have made arrests and are investigating the matter, he said, they are also taking necessary steps to keep the situation under control.
minister of state for external affairs m j akbar spoke to the acting high commissioner of nigeria here to discuss the steps being taken by the local authorities for safety and security of nigerian nationals, baglay said.
he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident (sic).
she was responding to a tweet from a student who requested her to act fast as living for us in noida is becoming a life threatening issue.
noting that the protesters became violent during the protest march and started beating up the africans they saw on the road, sujata singh, superintendent of police, greater noida said, they also went to ansal mall and caused havoc and beat up africans there.
the police then rescued them and moved them to a safe place, she said.
the police had to use force to dissuade people from attacking and arrested five people from the spot.
many of them who were there trying to play mischief have been identified as the entire event had been videographed, daljit chaudhary, adg law and order, told reporters in greater noida.
he said an fir has been registered against nine people who have been named besides others, and action will be taken accordingly.
meanwhile, the district magistrate today held a meeting with nigerian association, rwa representatives, bar association members and other officials from colleges and universities to diffuse tension after attacks on nigerians.
residents are demanding that nigerians should be moved out of the city and alleged they were involved in drug racket and have spoiled the atmosphere as local youth were getting addicted to drugs due to easy supply of narcotics allegedly by the nigerians.
district magistrate n p singh said india and africa have old ties and local residents should understand this aspect.
he condemned the assault on nigerians by local residents.
he said nigerian students or other students from other countries are our guests.
indian culture is 'atithi devo bhav', dm said adding we should respect all foreign students.
all countries have different cultures and dress and language.
to prevent recurrence of such violent incidents, people from all classes of society in the city should come forward and create harmonious atmosphere and respect the culture and traditions of foreign students.
social organizations should hold cultural events involving the nigerians and depict their way of life and culture and residents should mingle with nigerians and try to understand them as individuals and build confidence among them so that they feel secure to live in the city, he said.
dm also appealed to colleges and universities where foreign students study to hold cultural workshops to provide them knowledge of indian culture and also involve local students and ensure brotherhood among indian and foreign students.
public should not pay heed to rumours.
if they find any foreign student involved in any wrong activity they should inform police and district administration.
administration will involve college management and also conduct inquiry and take action if any such student is found, he said.
sujata singh, sp, greater noida, kumar vineet, additional district magistrate, rajesh kumar singh, sub divisional magistrate, anjani kumar, city magistrate and district officials were present along with local ngos and rwas representatives and college managements.
state co-ordinating to bring back body of koppal manbengaluru/new delhi, dhns & agencies, feb 21, 2017: 1:11 istchief minister siddaramaiah on monday said the state government was coordinating with the ministry of external affairs to bring home the body of syed farooq basha, who was shot dead by rebel fighters in south sudan.
basha, who hails from gangavati in koppal district, was employed with omaski sai infrastructure, which is involved in drilling wells in south sudan.
my heartfelt condolences to the family of basha - one of our own from karnataka, siddaramaiah stated on his twitter handle @cmofkarnataka.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday directed the indian high commission in south sudan to help the family of basha in bringing his body back to india.
indian high commissioner in south sudan  plz contact the bereaved family and help them, swaraj tweeted in response to an appeal for help by bashas cousin.
syed ejaz hussain had sought swarajs help in bringing back bashas body to india.
swaraj also tweeted the response of the indian high commissioner, saying that the embassy had spoken to the family of basha and promised them all help.
patna, feb 1, 2016 (pti) 22:33 isttop leaders of madhesis movement in nepal today met rjd president lalu prasad and urged him to exert pressure on the centre to ask that country's government to fullfill their demands.
top madhesi leaders including upendra yadav, rajendra mahto and mahendra yadav held a nearly half-an-hour meeting with the rjd chief here.
upendra yadav is chairman of sanghiya samajwadi forum, while rajendra mahto heads sadbhavana party and mahendra yadav is chairman of terai madhes sadbhawana party.
later, prasad while talking to reporters, supported the demand of the madhesis and assured he would raise the issue with the centre.
the demand of madhesis is genuine and it should be fullfilled by the nepal government, he said.
upendra yadav told reporters that prasad has assured sincere support to the cause of madhesis.
earlier, rjd senior leader raghubansh prasad singh had also vocally supported the madhesis and even taken out a march.
nepal's madhesi community, largely of indian origin, are agitating against that country's new constitution adopted in september as well as against boundaries of the proposed seven federal units.
the madhesi morcha has been protesting for almost four months in nepal's southern terai plains, blocking movement of vehicles between india and land-locked nepal thus creating widespread shortages in the himalayan nation.
its leaders had also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and congress president sonia gandhi.
meanwhile, bjp leaders in andhra supported the demand of kapus and appealed to community members to maintain peace.
addressing a press conference in vijayawada, endowment minister p manikyala rao of bjp, state party unit president k hari babu and mlc s veerraju asked kapu leaders to ensure anti -social elements do not mingle with community members and create law and order problem.
cpi state secretary k ramakrishna said the tdp government's failure to act on its pre-poll promise of providing quota to kapus led to the stir.
in a release here, he requested the commission to submit its report as early as possible so that the kapu reservation issue is settled.
he appealed to political parties to not to use the kapu community for political gains.
speaking in kakinada, agitation leader padmanabham blamed the tdp-led government for the violence at tuni.
the violence was orchestrated by tdp leaders to defame kapus and their agitation for reservation, he claimed.
dvs, kse in delhi to meet senior leaderslast updated: 27 december, 2011new delhi, dec 27, dhns: 19:11 istchief minister d v sadananda gowda and bjp state unit president k s eshwarappa landed in the national capital on tuesday night to meet senior leaders amid reports that b s yeddyurappa has given an ultimatum to the party top brass to reinstate him as the chief minister by january 15.
gowda, who will relinquish his udupi-chikmagalur constituency lok sabha seat on wednesday, will meet bjp national president nitin gadkari and senior leaders l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, and discuss the long-pending state cabinet expansion.
eshwarappa will accompany the chief minister for the meetings.
gowda was elected to the legislative council on december 22 and took oath as a member of the upper house on tuesday.
eshwarappa is likely to raise the issue of yeddyurappas threat to chalk out the future course of action if his demand was not met by january 15.
it is learnt that the party senior leadership has already told gowda that he could continue as the chief minister without any fear.
ruling out change of guard for now, senior party leaders are also learnt to have expressed their unhappiness over yeddyurappas repeated claim on the chief ministers post despite facing corruption charges.
the party bosses have made it clear to the former chief minister that he has to wait till he gets a clean chit from the court on corruption charges.
the leaders were not impressed with yeddyurappas claim that he was innocent and he was already out of jail on bail.
last updated: 07 march, 2011sir,history repeats in west asiait is an identical story of two dictators, one from asia and the other from africa, each separated by a time span of two decades.
the first one was in january 1991 when saddam hussain invaded kuwait and the second one, twenty years later, is of libyan dictator col.
muammar gaddafi who has launched an armed aggression against his own people.
both the countries have faced retaliation by nato forces acting upon uno sanctions.
what end befell on the first one is well documented on the pages of history which, fortunately or unfortunately, is in habit of uncannily repeating itself.
arun malankarmumbai.
advice to jairam rameshthe recent experience of the fukushima nuclear crisis is enough for the whole world, of course, including india.
therefore, the union environment minister jairam ramesh, instead of advocating nuclear energy as inevitable, should promote solar or wind energy.
they are cheaper, better and 100 per cent safe.
the proposal on the jaitapur nuclear project should be dropped at once.
hansraj bhatmumbaimr clean in tattersthis refers to revelations leave government red-faced (dh, march 16).
the image of prime minister manmohan singh as mr clean is in tatters.
no other prime minister had ever been so pro-american.
and, nobody needed wikileaks to confirm that petroleum minister mani shankar aiyar was divested of the petroleum portfolio mainly to please the americans.
k s jayatheerthabangaloresuicide or homicidethis refers to  raja's 2g scam-tainted aide batcha found dead  (dh, march 17).
the alleged suicide of batcha, a close aide of raja has come as a rude shock to all those hoping for a successful investigation into the 2 g scam.
cbis defensive reaction that this was 'unexpected' is only lame.
the premiere agency should expect the unexpected.
crucial witnesses committing suicide or meeting with fatal accidents has been not uncommon since the nagarwallah case.
the tamil nadu government has since transferred the case to cbi and aiadmk and bjp have called for protection of witnesses.
in the best interests of the most sensitive case in recent past, the supreme court should take up supervision of this case, as it is intertwined with the 2g case.
s v venkatakrishnan mabangalorejapan will rise againreferring to the article history on japan's side(dh, mar 17).
it is timely and apt.
it reads like a sermon by a sage.
'post-traumatic stress disorder can often lead to highly positive changes in individuals.
' japan is a nation who showed the world, they could rise like the phoenix and this time again we hope they rise back from the ashes.
this message needs to be widely known to face multifaceted challenges that mankind has to face now.
k.
gopalanbangalore learn from batchas deathsir,this refers to the article rajas 2g scam-tainted aide batcha found dead dated (dh, march 17).
his death should be probed to find out if it was suicide or a case of planned murder to save the bigwigs involved in 2g spectrum scandal.
when petty criminals are taken into preventive custody one wonders as to how the investigators have not had the foresight that the vital links like sadiq batcha could be 'removed' by vested interests.
at least now the investigators should take into preventive custody all the other suspects connected to 2g scam so that critical evidence is not destroyed.
such suspects should be protected by the state till the scam is fully unearthed and the culprits punished.
k ravindranmangaloresafety assurances are funnyit looks very funny that our politicians and scientists are giving assurances about 100 per cent safety of our nuclear plants when even the most advanced countries such as japan and russia (chernobyl) have been unable to prevent deadly accidents.
it is certain that all our nuclear reactors, thermal plants, hazardous chemical factories are also prone to such disasters.
ramakanth udupa kbangaloresir,this is with reference to 24-year-old indian student raped, killed(dh, march 15).
external affairs minister, s.m.krishna is reported to have described the incident as unfortunate!
it is a sheer misuse of the word and it reflects the true feeling of our minister towards the hapless victims of our country.
what is truly unfortunate is that we have such ministers ruling our country.
s n surya narayanmysoreborderline trespassedthis refers to 'india denied access to 26/11 accused' (dh, march 14).
it is not surprising that pakistan time and again shows its non-cooperation in the investigation of 26/11 mumbai attack.
while we allow their investigating agencies to question our key officials linked to probe into 2008 mumbai attack, they are not prepared to show the same gesture to our investigating agencies.
it has not dismantled its militant training infrastructure.
it has not handed over to india the most wanted terrorists like dawood ibrahim etc.
as per the reports, pakistan is already possessing more nuclear weapons than india and still increasing its nuclear arsenal with the help of china.
in the north, china has already laid roads and railway lines in tibet accessing up to indian borders.
it is also reported china is laying railway lines in burma so as to reach the indian borders in the north-east.
china is also building infrastructure in pok by laying roads up to l.o.c. in kashmir.
china is also claming vast area in the north of kashmir and arunachal pradesh, near the borer.
incursions by china in the north of kashmir are reported recently.
the threat to indian security is increasing day by day.
as reports suggest is not able to acquire modern weapons in time besides it is facing the crunch of shortage of officers.
our rulers must take immediate steps to face these twin challenges effectively by modernising and equipping our armed forces to the maximum and thus thwart the evil designs of our neighbouring countries.
venkatesh navaratnabangalore-560010sir,this refers to the article kannada meet was a wasteful affair: moily (dh, march 14).
the comments of union law minister veerappa moily is immature.
in an attempt to please the high command, moily has hurt the feelings of kannadigas.
rajashekar palamandbangaloresir,this refers to the nrn opens heart to kannadigas (dh, march 12).
vishwa kannada sammelana is being held after a long period of time.
we kannadigas should participate in the event leaving aside all our differences with ideologies and opinions.
this is the time when the whole world is looking at us and we should exhibit our strength.
it is very disappointing that some people, including poets, expressed displeasure in narayana murthy inaugurating the event.
who else than mr.narayana murthy is more eligible to inaugurate the function?
with great respect to mr.champa, mr.baraguru, i would like to bring to their notice that the world knows of their social order attitude for a long time now.
they have to realise as to how many people outside of karnataka know them.
mohan a sbangalorebuck-passing pmsir,this refers to for cvc mess, pm blames chavan and the editorial on slippery wicket (dh, march 9).
opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has raised an objection on thomas candidature for the post of cvc even though the brief before the committee was silent on the allegations against him.
it was, therefore, the bounden duty of the prime minister to refer the case back to his mos for examination.
the pm himself is responsible for the cvc mess and blaming prithviraj chavan is nothing but naked buck-passing.
hero vazbangaloreagony of research scholarssir,this refers to the report of sexual harassment of a research scholar by her mysore university zoology professor-guide (dh, march 7 and 8).
ugc-net, m.phil, ph.d. etc.
are the dreams of every post-graduate.
while an m.phil.
degree holder can guide another m.phil.
student without much restriction on the number of students intake.
finding a guide for ph.d., particularly a female guide for a female student, is a herculean task, as all ph.d. holders cannot guide and even student intake is limited to 2-3 at a time.
knowing this fully well and particularly when the research work is well-progressing, some of these monster professor-guides try to exploit and harass the hapless research scholars - a kind of the (kannada) proverbial bisi thuttu situation - neither can you spit it out nor swallow in.
in many cases, male research scholars are virtually enslaved and treated like errand boys by the professor and his family members.
ms. saritha and her husband have done a yeoman service by bringing to light the murkiness of such monsters in the garb of professor-guides.
the culprit professor and the v c should be severely punished so that no research scholar should ever undergo such exploitation and humiliation.
prabhu harlebangalorecurb the evil practicesir,this refers to editorial child brides dated (dh, march 8).
it is unfortunate that the practice of child marriage is rampant in north karnataka.
the law agencies turn their blind eyes to this inhuman practice.
the local political leaders take pride in arranging mass marriages involving the minor girls.
the law enforcing agencies are not in a position to confront the well established cultural practices of the region.
such practices are well rooted in the psyche and lifestyle of the people.
it is also coupled with well enforced religious beliefs.
hence a cultural transformation is essential rather introducing more laws to combat such an evil practice.
a collective approach on the part of the general public and law enforcing agencies may bring about desired change in our society.
jerald d' souzabijapurgo beyond kannadasir,the world kannada convention at belgaum would be a landmark in the history of karnataka and kannada literary world.
the convention must focus on the development of kannada language and should make people aware of the rich history and culture of karnataka.
it is funny that we, the south indians, know about english, french and american literature, their eminent litterateurs and their works.
but we dont know any thing about our sister languages (like tamil, telugu, malayalam) history and their contemporary literature and writers.
much effort has not been taken so far to introduce each other about the rich history and heritage of dravidian languages among the south indians.
the kwc scheduled in belgaum should take an initiative in this direction.
prof.
m. maheenbelgaumneed to tighten the normssir,this refers to your report builders of castles in air (march 6, 2011).
the resultant misery is an account of the loot by builders, apathy of the government agencies and more important, the greed of the people.
reasonable solutions will be possible when there is a political will to formulate and implement an effective policy of single window approvals right from title clearance, plan approvals with an annexure highlighting the fsis, number of floors, setback, area specifications, number of units, fire and pollution board clearances.
all the clearances should be single page approval issued from concerned authorities.
same should apply for individual sites, conversion of agricultural sites to residential and commercial purposes (na approvals).
this foolproof system will also help banks to lend with ease without getting into legal issues at a later date.
the stamp act should also be modified to make the registrations of loans taken from banks and hfcs with a nominal amount of rs.2000.
the government and hfcs should insist on specialised rating agencies (similar to care, crisil in the finance field) for certification of quality of construction and compliances of approved plan specifications.
the central mortgage registry provisions mooted in the budget will also help in avoiding frauds and hardships to the innocent public.
the karnataka government's move to revise the guidance value of properties will unfortunately have negative impact on the real estate prices and will also effect the property tax.
instead, government should look from the supply side to ensure providing sites with infrastructure to the needy at affordable prices in and around bangalore and not take advantage from the demand side of the real estate bubble, which can burst any time.
narendrabangaloreman of integrity?
sir, this refers to sc quashes cvc appointment, leaving upa in the dock (dh, march 4).
the sc verdict has washed-out prime minister manmohan singhs integrity.
we should always remember that the congress had never provided any space for men of integrity.
so, it has created ample scope for people like rajas, kalmadis, lalus, mulayams, mayawatis, yeddyurappas and advanis, in the public life, over the last six decades.
new delhi, aug 7, 2015, (ians): 12:16 istcongress vice president rahul gandhi on friday said that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's family has received money from former ipl chairman lalit modi.
whenever there is a robbery or stealing, a financial transfer takes place.
there has been a financial transfer here as well.
sushma's family has received money from lalit modi.
she should tell the country exactly how much money lalit modi has paid her family to keep himself out of jail, gandhi said outside parliament.
she also said the allegations against her of recommending travel documents for lalit modi were wrong and baseless.
the minister had also questioned congress president sonia gandhi what she would have done had she been in her place.
rahul gandhi said: as sonia gandhi's son i can say she would not have done the same thing.
whenever there is some stealing happens, secrecy is maintained by the thief.
in this case, sushmaswaraj has maintained full secrecy.
nobody in the ministry other than sushmaswaraj swaraj knew about this decision.
after this decision, government of the united kingdom changed their position.
cong claims credit for bjp backtracking on land billnew delhi, aug 05, 2015, dhns: 0:27 istthe congress on tuesday claimed credit for forcing the narendra modi governments u-turn on the land acquisition bill.
a parliamentary panel examining the right to fair compensation and transparency in land acquisition, rehabilitation and resettlement (amendment) billl at a meeting on monday had agreed to restore key provisions of the 2013 law passed by the then upa government.
the modi government had scrapped the consent and social impact assessment provisions by promulgating an ordinance thrice since last december.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi said the party would keep up the pressure on the centre to dismiss external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two chief ministers.
on the land issue, the congress stood in front of them.
they (the government) shouted, made too much noise, threatened and later made a u-turn and ran away, rahul told reporters on the sidelines of a sit-in protest on parliament premises.
similarly, on the issue of corruption, vyapam, swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, we will not minimise the pressure even if they throw us out of parliament or do not let us enter, said rahul.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury asked why the government had amended the 2013 land acquisition law by promulgating an ordinance if it had meant to restore the original bill.
why did you waste parliament's time?
he asked.
rural development minister chaudhary birender singh scoffed at the congress claiming credit on the land bill.
those reduced to 44 will speak in such a way, said singh, who had quit the congress to join the modi government after the lok sabha polls.
new delhi, july 23, 2015, pti: 13:15 istheated exchanges between the opposition and treasury benches in the rajya sabha over modalities for a discussion on the lalit modi controversy, today forced two adjournments of the house without transacting any business.
while opposition led by congress pressed for suspension of business to discuss the issue and seek the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for allegedly trying to help the controversial former ipl head lalit modi, leader of the house arun jaitley rebutted it saying the notice given by anand sharma (cong) only sought a discussion without any condition or caveat like resignation of any minister.
the treasury benches ruled out the resignation of any minister and said the government was ready for discussion on the issue, while the opposition demanded that swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje should quit on the issue.
they also sought resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam.
the ruckus led to adjournment of the house till noon for the first time, and again till 2 pm as similar scenes continued.
soon after obituary references were made and papers laid on the table, sharma and other opposition members including sitaram yechury (cpi-m) and naresh agarwal (sp) said they had given notice under rule 267 for suspension of business to take up discussion on the issue.
deputy chairman p j kurien said notices under this rule had been served earlier this week as well demanding discussion and subject to condition that some ministers should resign.
your condition or caveat is something that i cannot implement.
.
.
i know your notice was with condition but that condition is not within my powers to implement.
i can only take note of what is within my powers, that is discussion, he said.
the opposition members rose in protest to press their demand, which was strongly opposed by bjp members.
at this, kurien said if discussion is not happen, what is the point of this.
while minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said no minister will resign, while jaitley said the notice given by sharma today was without any such condition.
displaying a copy of the notice, jaitley said his notice today does not say the ministers must resign.
his notice must be admitted and discussion should begin immediately.
yechury said it was breach of parliamentary privilege if a member's notice given to the chair finds way to the government.
jaitley retorted by saying please educate yourself on procedures, saying the secretary general of rajya sabha should then make every effort to circulate it (the notice) to every member of the house.
mr yechury's illiteracy of rules does not make valid argument, he said demanding an apology from the left leader charging him with casting aspersions on the chair.
kurien said yechury was free to move a notice on breach of privilege notice if he felt his rights have been breached.
congress members remained unrelenting and moved into aisles shouting slogans seeking dismisal of ministers, which was countered by the bjp members.
as the ruckus continued, kurien said he had no option but to adjourn the house and, soon thereafter, adjourned the proceedings till noon.
when it reassembled and took up the question hour, congress members were again on their feet raising slogans as chairman hamid ansari called upon them to maintain decorum.
as ansari started the question hour proceedings, congress members were in the aisle raising the vyapam scam issue and demanding the resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
ansari asked members not to display posters in the house as he saw congress member hanumantha rao was carrying a poster on the vyapam scam calling for chouhan's resignation.
i request members of the house to allow the question hour to proceed, the chairman said.
as sharp exchanges between opposition and treasury benches and slogan-shouting continued, ansari adjourned the house till 2 pm.
the trump administration supports india's emergence as a leading global power and as a key partner in the indo-pacific region, a top us official said today.
speaking to pti, state department spokesperson heather nauert said the ties between the us and india had never been stronger or better.
she was responding to questions on the status of india-us relationship amidst recent trade disputes between the two countries and new delhi being caught in crossfire of american sanctions against russia and iran.
us president donald trump has signed a law, the countering america's adversaries through sanctions act', caatsa, imposing sanctions on russia, iran and north korea.
the section 231 of the caatsa mandates secondary sanctions on those who conduct significant transactions with the russian defence and intelligence sectors.
the us-india partnership is rooted in shared democratic values and a commitment to a rules-based order, nauert said.
we support india's emergence as a leading global power and as a key partner in our efforts to ensure that the indo-pacific is a region of peace, stability, and growing prosperity, she said.
according to a second state department spokesperson, who spoke on condition of anonymity, secretary of state mike pompeo and defence secretary jim mattis were looking forward to hosting their counterparts for the first 'india-us 2+2 dialogue' this year in washington.
dates of the dialogue are yet to be announced.
it was initially scheduled for mid-april, but was postponed after trump fired rex tillerson as the secretary of state.
the indian delegation would be led by the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the defense minister nirmala sitharaman.
this engagement will support our efforts to increase diplomatic, security, and military cooperation with india to confront our most pressing global challenges, from afghanistan and north korea to the threat of terrorism, the second state department spokesperson told pti.
we are also focused on strengthening our economic ties, including increasing two-way trade, which has more than doubled over the last decade to roughly usd 115 billion in 2016, the official said.
the official said the trump administration was trying to ensure that bilateral trade was fair and reciprocal and that u.s. companies have a level playing field in india.
the strong people-to-people ties between our countries and our common values are a tremendous source of strength for our partnership, the spokesperson said, a day after bjp general secretary ram madhav held series of talks with senior officials of the trump administration.
prominent among them were, brian hook, director of policy planning at the state department, lisa curtis, who heads the south asia in the national security council of the white house and alice wells senior state department official in its south and central asia bureau.
later, madhav had told a gathering of indian-americans here that the india-us relationship was scaling new heights as strategic partners under prime minister narendra modi.
new delhi, dec 25, 2015 (pti) 0:11 istthe foreign secretaries of india and pakistan will meet on january 15 in islamabad.
though there was no official announcement to this effect, sources said that foreign secretary s jaishankar will travel to islamabad to hold talks with sartaj aziz, the pakistani prime minister's adviser on foreign affairs.
the meeting will discuss modalities of bilateral comprehensive dialogue which was announced during the visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to islamabad earlier this month.
on december 23, the neighbouring country had proposed talks between their foreign secretaries to discuss all the outstanding issues in the middle of january.
according to sources, india had accepted the proposal.
the peace process was set in motion when the prime ministers of the two countries met in paris on november 30 on the sidelines of climate change conference which was followed by the national security advisers' meeting in bangkok a week later.
later, the external affairs minister visited pakistan to attend heart of asia conference.
today, in a surprise move, prime minister narendra modi visited lahore and greeted his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on his birthday.
they held talks and decided to open ways for peace for the larger good of the people of the two countries.
prove charges against sonia, rahul, cong tells appbelgaum, feb 2, 2014: 2:16 istall india congress committee general secretary digvijay singh has demanded delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal to substantiate his corruption charges against aicc president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi.
addressing mediapersons here on sunday, singh said kejriwal should comeout with evidence to establish his corruption charges against the two top leaders of the congress or tender public apology, failing which the party will initiate legal action against him.
the aam aadmi party (aap) of kejriwal has named sonia and rahul in its recently released list of corrupt leaders.
singh alleged that kejriwal had not accounted for the funds collected for the anti-corruption movement of anna hazare and hence has no moral right to speak against corruption.
he accused kejriwal of conducting himself as a judge and a lokpal.
the congress extended support to aap in order to prevent a fresh election.
kejriwal should utilise the opportunity and deliver on his promises instead of levelling baseless allegations, singh said.
the bjp created a ruckus over categorising people earning less than rs 32 a day as below poverty line (bpl).
but, the party government in gujarat has issued a circular classifying people earning less than rs 11 and rs 15 a day in rural and urban areas respectively as below poverty line, singh said, urging bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj to make her partys stand clear on the issue.
he claimed that gujarat was a developed state even before modi took over as chief minister.
the state progressed because of entrepreneurial skills of its people and not on account of modi, he said.
ls candidates selectionsingh said the congress screening committee will hold a meeting at new delhi on february 6 for selecting its nominees to lok sabha polls from karnataka.
the list will be later submitted to the high command for approval.
sushma an expert in theatrics, says sonianew delhi, aug 08, 2015, dhns: 1:07 istcongress president sonia gandhi on friday called external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj an expert in theatrics.
party vice-president rahul also accused the ministers family of receiving money from lalit modi for his freedom.
the sharp rejoinder came after swaraj on thursday, while defending her action of facilitating british travel documents for the controversial ipl ex-chief to apparently attend to his cancer-stricken wife, asked what sonia would have done in the same situation.
swaraj is an expert in theatrics, said sonia while joining the protests on parliament premises against lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan suspending 25 congress members for unruly behaviour.
i would have certainly done my best to help the lady (lalits wife), but not by breaking the law, she said in response to swarajs question.
rahul, on his part, said: as sonia gandhi's son, i can say she would not have done the same thing.
with rahul in-charge of parliamentary strategy now, the congress has been going all-out against swaraj.
whenever there is a robbery or theft, a financial transfer takes place.
there has been a financial transfer here as well.
swarajs family received money from modi.
she should tell the country exactly how much he paid her family to ensure he stayed out of jail, rahul said.
the bjp fielded hrd minister smiriti irani to take on the congress' first family after sonia and rahul's comments.
the gandhi family is an exception.
they don't toil in the sun to earn their bread.
i condemn this kind of allegation (against swaraj).
the congress is running away from discussion as it has no proof.
what do they know about 'khoon paseenay ki kamai' (hard-earned money)?
it is easier to give a 1-5 minute bite than a 1.
5-hour speech, irani told reporters.
no appeals against return of passports to coalgate accusednew delhi, july 23, 2015, dhns: 0:48 istgovt also failed to oppose court ruling in lalit modi caseits not just in the case of former indian premiere league (ipl) chief lalit kumar modi that the government did not appeal against court orders for return of seized passports.
the bjp-led centre had decided not to appeal in at least three cases, including two accused in coal block allocation scam.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed the rajya sabha on thursday that regional passport offices in consultation with the consular, passport and visa division of her ministry had the authority to move only up to high courts to file appeals against lower courts order for restoration of passports revoked, impounded or seized on request of investigation agencies.
swaraj has been at the centre of a controversy since last month in the wake of revelations that she had helped lalit modi get a travel document from the united kingdom authorities at a time after his passport had been revoked by india for not complying with the summonses issued by the enforcement directorate.
hc orderin a written reply to a question in rajya sabha, she noted that the delhi high court ordered restoration of impounded passport of naveen badri sriram in november 2012 and for release of seized passports of prashant ahluwalia and anand jayaswal in february and march 2014.
but the government decided not to go for appeals in all the three cases, just as it was not done in case of delhi hcs august 2014 order restoring revoked passport of lalit modi.
the regional passport office in mumbai revoked former lalits passport in march 2011 following a request from the ed, which had lodged a complaint against him for violation of the foreign exchange management act.
cong questions govtthe congress party had questioned why the government did not file an appeal against the delhi hcs order restoring lalits passport.
sriram, who promoted future metals private limited and future exim (india) private limited, was accused in the metal scrap scam involving state trading corporation limited.
his passport was impounded in december 2009.
jayaswal, a director of jld yavatmal energy limited, and ahluwalia, a director of kamal sponge steel and power limited, are also accused in the coal block allocation scam.
the congress-led upa was in power when the hc passed the orders for restoration of passport of sriram and return of seized passports of ahluwalia and jayaswal.
but by the time the hc gave a similar order in favour of lalit, a government led by bjp had taken office.
unaware of travel papers: ex-foreign secynew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 1:45 istformer foreign secretary sujatha singhs assertion that she had no knowledge of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj intervening in favour of ipl ex-chief lalit modi getting a travel document from the uk has cast a shadow on the manner in which the ministries of finance and external affairs went about the matter.
i have no idea about this case.
i do not recall a single paper related to this, singh told a tv channel on tuesday.
singh was unceremoniously ousted from office in january.
sources said the mea had no document with it about swarajs intervention in favour of modi as the external affairs minister had possibly communicated her views to the british high commissioner verbally.
the ministries of finance and external affairs on tuesday appeared to pass the buck to each other as the government struggled to explain why delhi high courts judgment restoring modis passport had not yet been challenged in the supreme court.
amid the controversy, finance minister arun jaitley sought to indicate that it was the responsibility of the mea to decide on the issue of appealing to the supreme court to challenge the delhi high courts august 27, 2014 judgment quashing revocation of former ipl commissioners passport.
the matter of passport comes within the jurisdiction of passport authorities.
they will decide, jaitley said, when a journalist asked him if the enforcement directorate would appeal against the judgment.
the enforcement directorate is a wing of the department of revenue of the ministry of finance and it probes economic offences.
the issue of passports is a responsibility vested on the mea, which do it through regional passport offices and passport seva kendras across the country.
the regional passport officers are also empowered to revoke passports, on requests from police and other probe agencies or on orders from courts.
modi has been under the eds scanner since 2010 when the agency started a probe into allegations of money laundering and contraventions of foreign exchange management act 1999.
the remark of the finance minister notwithstanding, the mea declined to take responsibility for the governments apparent reluctance to challenge the courts order in the apex court.
officials said that the ed had never asked the mea to move the supreme court and appeal against the order.
they pointed out that the regional passport office in mumbai had revoked the passport of modi in march 2011, only after receiving a request from the ed for the same.
but the ed had not shred with the mea its opinion that the courts order should be challenged in the apex court, they added.
new delhi, aug 23 , 2026 12:43 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today embarked on a two-nation tour of egypt and germany which is expected to see new vistas being opened in bilateral ties with particular focus on boosting trade and investment.
egypt will be first destination of swaraj's four-day trip.
during her visit to egyptian capital cairo, she will call on president of egypt abdel fattah al sisi, hold bilateral talks with her counterpart sameh hassan shoukry and meet nabil elaraby, secretary general of the league of arab states, besides other leaders.
swaraj, in her first visit to the country as external affairs minister, is also scheduled to deliver a public address at the prestigious diplomatic club in cairo to be hosted by the egyptian council for foreign affairs.
the minister's visit to cairo will provide an opportunity to review the entire gamut of our bilateral and multilateral relations and to exchange views with the egyptian leadership covering whole range of issues of mutual interest, the external affairs ministry said.
egypt has traditionally been one of india's most important trading partners in the african continent.
trade between india and egypt during the last financial year (april 2014 -- march 2015) has been recorded at usd 4.
76 billion.
most importantly, india is the sixth largest trading partner of egypt -- the second largest export destination.
india's imports from egypt were worth usd 1.
74 billion during 2014-15.
there has been diversification in the export basket of egyptian products to india.
during her visit to berlin from august 25-27, swaraj will hold meetings with german foreign minister frank walter steinmeier and a number of other leaders.
both the countries are expected to review bilateral relationship with a particular focus on enhancing economic engagement.
prime minister narendra modi had visited germany in april during which the two countries had agreed to broaden bilateral economic cooperation.
a joint statement issued at the end of his visit had said the two countries have established a robust roadmap for expanding their multi-faceted and mutually-beneficial ties and to further strengthen strategic partnership.
germany is india's largest trading partner in the eu and one of the top ten global trading partners.
the overall exchange of goods and services between the two countries was valued at around around 15.
96 billion euros last year, a drop of 1.
14 billion euros from the level of 16.
10 billion euros registered in 2013.
while india's exports to germany rose marginally to 7.
03 billion euros in 2014, its german imports dropped to 8.
92 billion euros from 9.
19 billion euros in the previous year, according to the federal statistical office.
germany is the 8th largest foreign investor in india.
its foreign direct investments in india during january- november 2014 was valued at around usd 995.
7 million.
more than 1,600 indo-german collaborations and around 600 indo-german joint ventures are currently in operation.
blackmoney sit reviews ipl, modi cases; seeks more updatesnew delhi, june 23, 2015, pti: 20:49 istthe special investigation team (sit) on black money today sought update from multiple probe agencies on the role of lalit modi in alleged financial irregularities in the t-20 cricket tournament.
besides modi, former ipl chairman, the sit also reviewed cases of bcci officials and other individuals involved in the operation of the various editions of the ipl.
sources said the two-hour long meeting was chaired by sit vice chairman justice (retd) arijit pasayat and it is understood that directions have been issued to agencies like the income tax department, enforcement directorate (ed) and the financial intelligence unit (fiu) to update it with more information and status on each of the cases being handled by these probe bodies.
the sit has a wide mandate and hence as part of its overall review of black money cases and those related to illegal assets held abroad, the panel also reviewed cases related to the ipl and people involved in it, the sources said.
today's meeting was attended by officials of the central board of direct taxes (cbdt), ed, fiu, department of revenue under the finance ministry and the cbi.
sources indicated that while the ed informed the sit about the status of its 16 foreign exchange management act (fema) cases and a money laundering fir against the indian premier league (ipl)-bcci, their officials and modi, the i-t department is understood to have shared some snoop data on the transactions and tax history of the former cricket czar.
some more details in these cases have been sought after which a future course of action will be charted vis-a-vis taking forward the ipl related cases, they said.
the high-powered panel, sources said, also reviewed some other cases of black money being probed by these agencies during the meeting.
lalit modi has been in the news after reports of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje helping him in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india, erupted recently.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the ipl got embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting, claiming threat to his life.
the cases being probed by the ed against modi and other officials in ipl-bcci are related to the business deals undertaken in various editions of the glamorous t-20 matches which were held in the country and specifically during the second edition of the tournament which was held in south africa in 2009.
over the years, modi and his team of lawyers have denied any wrongdoing in these instances.
a domestic 'blue notice' issued by the directorate of revenue intelligence (dri) in 2010 against modi, on the request of the ed, is still valid which authorises port security officials to detain him and inform the anti-money laundering probe agency if he is spotted at any entry or exit border points of the country.
keen on gst bill, government may convene a short sessionnew delhi, aug 13, 2015 (ians) 18:02 istwith the monsoon session of parliament turning out to be a washout, the narendra modi government is thinking of convening a short session in september -- mainly to secure passage for the goods and services tax (gst) bill, sources said.
the sources said a two-three-day session could be convened in september as no major business could be carried out during the monsoon session that began on july 21 and ended on thursday.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs, which met on thursday, decided not to recommend immediate prorogation of the houses.
the two houses were adjourned sine die.
the sources said the decision to reconvene the monsoon session would depend on the progress the government makes in getting the support of opposition parties on the gst bill in the rajya sabha where it lacks a majority.
the bill could not be taken up in the rajya sabha during the monsoon session despite government efforts.
the congress forced repeated adjournments in both lok sabha and rajya sabha over its demand for the resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje over their alleged help to former ipl chief lalit modi and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam recruitment scam.
the world looks up to india and south africa for providing leadership, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said as she recalled the role of iconic leaders mahatma gandhi and nelson mandela in giving hope to those facing injustice and discrimination.
swaraj was the keynote speaker at a banquet at the city hall here marking the 125th anniversary of the day when on june 7, 1893, mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer then, was thrown off a train compartment reserved for whites only.
the world is a better place because of us.
the world has much to gain from us.
the world looks up to us to provide leadership.
she asserted.
she said the two leaders gave hope to the enslaved people of this world, whether under colonialism or apartheid.
it was in pietermaritzburg that hope was redefined by two of the greatest leaders of our times.
they gave hope to the developing countries, especially india and african nations, by finally freeing them from the yoke of colonialism.
pietermaritzburg railway station is where a young mahatma gandhi was thrown out of a train compartment.
the 1893 incident proved to be a turning point in gandhi's fight against racial discrimination in south africa.
she quoted mandela when he officially unveiled a statue of gandhi here 25 years ago, in his speech, mandela said 'now more than ever is the time when we have to pay heed to the lessons of mahatma gandhi'.
swaraj lauded the role of indian-origin south africans in the struggle for freedom.
the history of south africa is full of tales of individuals who gave up their today for a better tomorrow.
the story of the people of indian-origin is a story of undaunted determination and courage, as they made sacrifices in south africa's long struggle against colonialism and apartheid, she said.
swaraj recalled the support that india provided to south africa at international forums during its struggle against apartheid.
india was the first country to sever trade relations with the apartheid government in 1946, and subsequently imposed a complete diplomatic, commercial, cultural and sports embargo on south africa.
the african national congress maintained a representative office in new delhi from the 1960 onwards.
and at the end of apartheid, india immediately re-established relations with south africa in 1993.
since then there have been a steady consolidation of our close and friendly ties with south africa, both bilaterally and through brics, ibsa and other regional and multilateral fora, she said.
swaraj also highlighted the participation by south african youth in various programmes run by india.
youth are our emissaries for the future.
i am happy to learn that in 2017-18, 28 young men and women from south africa visited india through the know india programme.
last year, 48 south african went on the itec and iccr african scholarship programmes to india, the minister said.
55 indians evacuatednew delhi, apr 25, 2015, dhns: 1:02 istthe first batch of 55 indian citizens, including 10 from karnataka, were evacuated from quake-hit nepal reached new delhi late on saturday night.
an indian air force (iaf) aircraft carrying the indians landed in new delhi at 10:30 pm on saturday, said official sources.
the embassy of india in kathmandu posted on twitter that another iaf aircraft would bring home 100 more indians later on saturday night.
indians in nepal may please contact our mission in kathmandu.
our mission will provide you all help, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted shortly after the massive quake rocked the neighbouring country.
swaraj also posted on twitter the phone numbers of the control rooms set up at the indian embassy in kathmandu and the ministry of external affairs headquarters in new delhi.
the iaf is evacuating 250 persons from kathmandu today (saturday).
please ask your relatives to get in touch with the indian mission there, she added.
all 39 indians held hostage by isis in iraq are safe: govtnew delhi, jul 22, 2015 (pti) 18:21 istall the 39 indians held hostage in mosul town of iraq by isis militants over a year ago were safe, government said today quoting multiple third party sources and asserted that efforts were on to secure their release.
union minister of state for external affairs v k singh said government was in close and regular contact with relevant iraqi government authorities to obtain information on their whereabouts and safety.
as per latest information from multiple third party sources, they are all safe.
the government is making all efforts and taking all steps to secure their release, singh said, replying to a question in lok sabha.
the minister said safety and security of the indians remained a matter of foremost concern and preoccupation for the government.
replying to a separate question, singh said, as per information received from indian embassy in baghdad, 39 indians are held under the captivity of islamic state of mosul.
he said a group of senior officials are stationed in erbil in kurdistan autonomous regions of iraq to liason with government authorities and individuals to secure release of the indians.
singh said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had personally spoken to her counterparts in the gulf cooperation council as well as other friendly countries in the region to assist in locating the indian nationals.
the indian nationals were taken hostage by the isis on june 11 last year in northern iraq's mosul town.
harjeet masih (26), the lone indian who escaped from the clutches of isis militants in iraq, in may had claimed that all the 39 indians had been shot dead.
lalitgate: cong questions pm's silence, says he too is liablenew delhi, jun 18, 2015, (pti): 13:31 istcongress today attacked prime minister narendra modi over his silence on the lalitgate, saying he should come out of his 'meditation' and answer the nation as he too is liable.
it is ordinance raj.
all mantris have become tantris.
one minister, what he or she eats, drinks, where they go.
the prime minister knows everything.
but he is unaware when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was talking to uk authorities on lalit modi's travel documents.
that means, there was consent of the prime minister (for granting travel documents to lalit modi).
.
.
he is liable.
prime minister modi should come out of political vipassana, and keep truth before the nation, congress spokesman tom vadakkan told reporters.
asked about reports of scam-tainted former ipl chief lalit modi hosting congress leaders shashi tharoor and rajiv shukla too, vadakkan said they did not hold any official post unlike rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and hence, there was no quid pro quo.
according to media reports, ex-ipl chief had hosted tharoor, shukla and raje at a mumbai hotel in 2010.
raje was opposition leader in rajasthan assembly then.
now it has come to fore that the then leader of opposition in rajasthan, who is the chief minister now, her bills were paid by ipl.
those who are against us will say tharoor was there, shukla was there, (ncp chief sharad) pawar was there, but they were not leader of opposition.
in raje's case, it is proved there was quid pro quo, he claimed.
on reports claiming that raje's son dushyant had business links with the former ipl chief, vadakkan said the matter needs to be investigated.
it is very difficult to say which modi has what relations with whom.
if the relations are with chhota (lalit) modi, then in whose protection chhota modi is, who is giving him transit passport, these are all matters of investigation.
these linkages involving bada modi, chhota modi can be established only then, he said.
kailash mansarover yatra: 1st batch leaves dharchulaalmora, jun 13, 2015, pti: 15:42 istthe first batch of pilgrims for the annual kailash mansarovar yatra was flagged off today from dharchula base camp by uttarakhand legislative assembly speaker govind singh kunjwal and mla manoj tiwari.
the first batch comprises 58 pilgrims, among them 11 women, said dhiraj garbiyal, md, kumaon mandal vikas nigam (kmvn), the nodal agency for the pilgrimage.
among the pilgrims, while the 21-year-old shri nath from kerala is the youngest, the oldest is 70-year-old madhu patel, who has been part of the yatra thrice.
for ashok radia of porbandar on the other hand, this is the 16th time that he is making the pilgrimage.
an uttarakhand mla, surendra jeena, too, is participating in the yatra, said garbiyal.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had yesterday flagged off the batch in delhi and it reached dharchula base camp today.
the pilgrims will enter the tibetan autonomous region of china on june 20 through the existing route after crossing the 17,500-ft lipulekh pass.
a total of 18 batches, each comprising around 60 pilgrims, will visit kailash mansarovar through the existing route.
also, five batches of 50 pilgrims each will take the second route for the pilgrimage via the himalayan pass of nathu la, 4,000 metres above sea level.
this route will facilitate comfortable travel for indian pilgrims by buses, especially for elderly persons.
modalities for opening the second route via sikki were finalised on february 1 when swaraj had visited china.
new delhi, jul 24, 2015 (pti) 16:12 istbjp today threatened to file criminal defamation case against congress vice-president rahul gandhi for terming external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's actions in the lalit modi issue as a criminal act.
rahul gandhi using these words is very unfortunate, undemocratic.
and because of these words, i am demanding that rahul gandhi should make an apology to the country because it is not only defaming sushmaswaraj swaraj, but defaming the foreign minister of the country, who is the representative of india in the world, union minister nitin gadkari said.
if rahul gandhi does not apologise, then it is a serious problem.
we will have to file criminal defamation case against him, the bjp leader said while describing gandhi's remarks against swaraj as childish and immature politics.
stressing that allegations against swaraj were baseless, he said that she had not violated the law, constitution or indulged in any corrupt activities.
allegations against sushmaswaraj swaraj are all are baseless.
she has neither violated any law nor our constitution.
she has not indulged in any corrupt or illegal activity.
she is a very prominent leader of the country, gadkari said.
speaking on the lalit modi controversy, gandhi had said, what we have said is that (there will be) no discussion without resignation.
sushma has done a criminal act.
he (lalit modi) is a 'fugitive'.
you have signed it (the recommendation for grant of travel document).
the high commission does not know about it.
the indian government too in unaware of that.
malappuram, apr 8, 2015, (pti) 16:42 ista 49-year-old keralite has been taken captive allegedly by a six member armed group at sanaa in strife torn yemen, according to information reaching the family here.
salman, hailing from malappuram district, has been in yemen with his wife and five children since the past seven years.
according to his father, abdu rehaman, salman's wife, khamarunnisa, informed him that the six member rebel group carrying arms had stormed into their flat on march 24 and taken him into custody along with five others.
though the other captives were released later, there was no information about salman yet, his father said.
we have sent e-mail complaints to chief minister oommen chandy and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking urgent steps to bring back our son, he said.
yemen has been witnessing a fierce battle between saudi-led coalition and shiite rebels known as houthis, who have battled their way into various cities, including in the former stronghold of president abedrabbo mansour hadi, who has fled overseas.
the total number of indian evacuees from war-ravaged yemen touched the 4,000 mark yesterday with nearly 700 more nationals, including 600 from sanaa, rescued in three air sorties.
new delhi, oct 31, 2014 (ians): 9:37 istmahatma gandhi seemed incomplete without sardar vallabhbhai patel as he played an integral role in the freedom struggle launched by the father of the nation, prime minister narendra modi said here friday.
sardar patel joined mahatma gandhi in the integration of farmers in the freedom struggle.
he (patel) played an integral role in the dandi yatra, mr. modi said while addressing the nation on the birth anniversary of sardar patel being observed as rashtriya ekta diwasmahatma gandhi seems incomplete without sardar patel.
it was a unique partnership that strengthened the struggle for independence, he added.
a run for unity and pledge marked indias first home ministers birth anniversary.
the country can never forget patels contribution in uniting the country, prime minister narendra modi said here friday.
the british wanted india to break into pieces but sardar patel unified the 550 provinces into one country, modi said while addressing the nation on the birth anniversary of sardar patel being observed as rashtriya ekta diwas.
through his skill, vision and patriotism sardar patel integrated the nation.
we can never forget his contribution in uniting free india, mr. modi added.
earlier, the prime minister paid floral tributes at the statue of sardar vallabhbhai patel on his birth anniversary.
mr. modi, who was dressed in a white kurta pyjama with a red coloured shawl draped on his left shoulder, was accompanied by defence and finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, delhi lt.
governor najeeb jung and others.
the leaders offered rose petals in front of a huge portrait of sardar patel at patel chowk near parliament house here.
new delhi: feb 5, 2016, dhns 8:00 ista five-member team from the ministry of external affairs, including the high commissioner of tanzania, will arrive in bengaluru on friday to reassure the african students in the wake of sundays incident in which a tanzanian woman was stripped and assaulted by a mob.
the team will meet and assure the african students who are our guests.
there are more than 5,000 african students studying in various institutions across the country.
this is a regrettable incident, but an isolated one, vikas swarup, mea spokesperson, said here on thursday.
the governments efforts in describing the bengaluru incident as a stray case without any racial undertone comes against the backdrop of terse criticism from the tanzanian high commissioner john w h kijazi who described the mob attack and assault on the young woman and her friends as a racial one.
kijazi said the victims alleged that they were attacked because they were black and it was a case of racial discrimination.
everybody is entitled to their own assessment, but there is an element of mob justice and racism.
thats my assessment.
she was attacked because she was black like the guy who caused the accident, he said.
after being informed that five suspects have been arrested by the police, the african diplomat noted that it was a good progress.
the reason behind delayed police action, swarup said, was because the girl filed the complaint two days after the incident.
besides the tanzanian high commissioner, other members in the central team are senior mea officials and the regional director of the indian council for cultural relations, which is in touch with the foreign students.
the mea teams plan to travel to bengaluru was firmed up at a review meeting chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who received a report from the bengaluru police commissioner about the incident.
sushma also spoke to karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah to ensure safety and security of all foreign students in the state.
earlier, the high commission of tanzania in india sent a note verbale about the attack on african students in bengaluru to the mea, asking the government to follow up on the matter and take necessary legal action against those involved in such attacks and to ensure safety and security of all african students in india.
new delhi, feb 4, 2016, dhns 2:53 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday called up chief minister siddaramaiah to enquire about the assault on a young woman from tanzania in bengaluru.
i have asked the chief minister to ensure safety and security of all foreign students and stringent punishment for the guilty, she tweeted on wednesday.
she called up siddaramaiah after the high commission of tanzania in new delhi wrote to ministry of external affairs and demanded action against the people, who assaulted, stripped tanzanian student when she was passing by the site of a road mishap in bengaluru late on sunday.
we are deeply pained over the shameful incident with a tanzanian girl in bengaluru, swaraj posted on twitter.
i spoke to the chief minister karnataka.
he informed me that a criminal case has been registered and four accused have been arrested, she added.
in a note verbale to the ministry of external affairs in new delhi, high commissioner of tanzania in india, john w h kijazi, asked for details about the incident in bengaluru and requested for necessary legal action against people involved in the assault and necessary measures to ensure safety and security of all tanzanian students in india.
tanmaya lal, joint secretary east and south africa division of the mea, spoke to tanzanian high commissioner and expressed regret over the incident, sources said.
last updated: 27 august, 2011deepak k upreti, new delhi, aug 27, dhns: 0:31 isthouse mandates drafting panel to take into account demands; gandhian to end fast todaygandhian anna hazare will end his 13-day fast on sunday morning, after the lok sabha agreed with his demand for setting up a strong lokpal and sent word to him that it was recommending his suggestions to the parliamentary standing committee mandated with drafting the legislation for instituting the anti-corruption ombudsman.
after a marathon seven-hour debate in both the houses of parliament, the sense of the debate was summed up by leader of the house and senior minister pranab mukherjee who indicated that the government had conceded the three contentious demands of team anna - bringing the lower bureaucracy under the proposed lokpal, instituting lokayuktas in states through an enabling central law and laying a citizens charter for the lokpal that binds official machinery to redress public complaints within a specified timeframe.
at the end of the debate senior minister vilasrao deshmukh rushed to ramlila maidan armed with a letter from the prime minister containing the sense of the house which he conveyed to hazare.
the septuagenarian then agreed to call off his fast, saying he would end it on sunday at 10 am.
the debate, conducted under rule 193 of the lok sabha, had no resolution to debate and was not voted upon either, a fact that team anna and the bjp were critical of, but soon fell in line.
under the rule that governed the debate, the sense of the house is summed up by the leader of the house.
the sense of the house in this case was conveyed to anna hazare and his team at the ramlila maidan by union minister vilasrao deshmukh, who accepted it.
the lok sabha passed no resolution, as it would have done if the debate had been conducted under rule 184, that would have been binding on the parliamentary standing committee but many constitutional experts saw the sense of the house as guidance to the committee in the formulation of the final draft of the legislation.
the committee, which has four draft bills before it including the official one, will assimilate points from them, and prepare a draft to be presented to the house for its consideration.
in that sense, the sense of the house will be something between guidance and guideline to it.
at the end of the passionate debate on the lokpal bill in the lok sabha with about 27 speakers of different parties making their points, pranab mukherjee said there is in principle agreement on the three demands of hazare and put this proceedings to the parliamentary standing committee.
he said the house would consider the lokpal bill at an appropriate time.
the same sense was conveyed by the rajya sabha.
setting the tone of consensus in the house, mukherjee agreed with leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj that the lokpal bill could not be passed even though the idea was around for over four decades.
therefore, someone is sitting on the fast, he said referring to hazares protest fast at ramlila maidan.
in his opening remarks in the lower house, mukherjee said: government followed established procedures in introducing lokpal bill in parliament.
whatever we do should be within the constitution.
we are at crossroads.
.
.
let us try to find solution within constitutional framework without violating supremacy of parliament.
the three demands will be subjected to the parliamentary standing committee and then it will be brought to the house.
mukherjee said it will be parliament that would eventually decide on the final legislation.
our democracy is powerful enough, strong enough and flexible enough to accommodate different viewpoints, he said.
most speakers in the lok sabha stressed the supremacy of parliament in law-making, with many criticising what they saw as team annas attempts to deride mps.
bjp mp varun gandhi, however, struck a different chord by saying that mps should consider themselves as servants of the people and not rulers.
gandhi said hazare has ignited the minds of the youth in the country.
harekrushna mahtab of the biju janata dal also praised hazare and quoted english political thinker j bentham who sought to have greatest good of greatest number.
the mps participating in the debate were all praise for the fasting gandhian although they had serious reservations about the utterances of some of his team members.
mukherjee also reflected this mood when he said there is a distinction between democracy and mobocracy.
to say that the government bill should be withdrawn and to burn it in public.
this is not democratic behaviour, he said.
earlier in the day, the negotiations of the anna team with the government went through several twists and turns with the former insisting on a resolution in the parliament.
hazares close associate prashant bhushan maintained that if the government was serious about enacting a strong lokpal, it should move a motion and parliament should vote on it.
he insisted that there should be a formal vote with division in parliament and not a mere statement of intent.
the bjp raised the bar for the government by agreeing to a resolution in favour of the three demands of hazare.
an emergency meeting of two senior bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj with mukherjee in his chamber in the parliament house later salvaged the situation with government agreeing to have the sense of the house on the three issues.
by the end of the day, with minister deshmukh and team anna flanking him, hazare announced that there would be celebration of the peoples victory, sparking off wild scenes of joy at the maidan.
bjp attacks aap over tomar, kejriwal demands sushma's sackingnew delhi, june 23, 2015, ians: 21:41 istthe first day of the delhi assembly budget session witnessed several disruptions by the bjp mlas over former minister jitender singh tomar's alleged fake degree even as chief minister arvind kejriwal asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for alleged impropriety.
bjp legislator o.p. sharma leapt towards kejriwal's bench and turned his mike, triggering panic among aap lawmakers in the house.
kejriwal remained unruffled, while the bjp legislator was forced out of the house by marshals.
sharma returned to the house later.
meanwhile, the aap tabled three bills in the house which had to be adjourned over the fake degree row in the beginning for 15 minutes.
speaking on the arrest of former law minister jitender singh tomar, kejriwal told the delhi assembly that modi too must act against his ministers the way he did vis-a-vis tomar.
we removed tomar from the cabinet when he was arrested, he said, after one of the only three bjp legislators, sharma created a din over the arrest and jailing of tomar.
kejriwal compared the tomar development with the demands now being raised for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's resignation.
modi, kejriwal said, should take a cue from the aam aadmi party (aap).
saying that tomar had misled him over the genuineness of his allegedly fake law degree, kejriwal said modi too had been misled by his cabinet colleagues, and mentioned sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje by name.
his cabinet ministers have also misled him.
.
.
he should remove sushmaswaraj swaraj from the cabinet, the chief minister said.
he also demanded an independent investigation into charges that both the rajasthan chief minister and the external affairs minister helped former ipl chief lalit modi who fled india.
on tomar, kejriwal said that when it began to be alleged that the aap minister held a fake law degree, he felt the then law minister had done no wrong.
but after he (tomar) was arrested and sent to police custody, it seemed to me that i was kept in the dark (by him).
kejriwal insisted that the aap stood for an honest system and honest politics.
we will not tolerate any wrongdoing.
the three bills moved by the aap were delhi urban shelter improvement board (amendment) act, 2015; delhi members of legislative assembly (removal of disqualification amendment) bill, 20115; and the delhi netaji subhas university of technology bill, 2015.
pm getting 'scared', will put pressure for bringing back lalit modi: rahulnew delhi, aug 13, 2015 (pti) 15:35 istrejecting the government's defence over the lalit modi issue, rahul gandhi today launched a scathing attack on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and prime minister narendra modi, whom he dared to bring the former ipl commissioner back to india for cleansing cricket.
countering swaraj's allegations against his father rajiv gandhi, the congress vice president said that the late prime minister's name been cleared by the judicial system of the country even as he alleged that she and finance minister arun jaitley had defended black money network in parliament yesterday.
he further charged that lalit modi was a key link between the political system and black money.
the congress leader also asserted that his party would keep up pressure on the issue and took a jibe at narendra modi saying that he gets scared.
leading a congress protest against the government inside parliament complex, which was also joined by members from left and trinamool congress, gandhi rubbished swaraj's counter offensive in lok sabha yesterday, asking why was she hiding whatever she did for lalit modi if it was truly for a humanitarian cause as has been claimed by her.
taking a dig over the modi surname common to the prime minister and the former ipl chairman, gandhi said he was telling narendra modi to catch lalit modi and bring him back to india.
i tell this to modi-ji that he has an opportunity.
bring back lalit modi and clean up cricket.
india is giving you (prime minister) a chance.
you still have the credibility, he said.
gandhi also remarked, many people think modi-ji has guts, some people say he doesn't.
if you don't bring back lalit modi, if you continue to allow these people to defend lalit modi the way sushma-ji did.
.
.
we have understood that this prime minister gets scared.
we will put so much pressure that lalit modi is brought back and whatever mess that has emerged in cricket is cleaned up.
the congress vice president also referred to what he described as the climbdown of the government on the land bill issue.
responding to swaraj's charge that congress had helped bofors accused ottavio quattrocchi and bhopal gas leak accused warren anderson to flee india, gandhi said the judicial system of india had cleared his father 30 years back, but the rival party still keeps up raking those issues.
it makes no difference to me.
i am here to defend the country from the rss and (narendra) modi, he said.
pressed further over swaraj's claims, gandhi told journalists that some television channels were issued notice by the government recently.
when your views clash with their views, your mikes will be shut, he said.
on the lalit modi issue, gandhi said, i had said yesterday said that the focus is on sushma-ji.
now, jaitley- ji, too, has defended lalit modi.
the issue is very simple.
what we call ipl cricket, there are two networks in it.
one network is what is being seen by the youth of india.
second is the hidden network of lalit modi, which is operated behind closed doors, the network of black money, corruption and politicians.
lalit modi is the link between the political system and black money, the biggest link.
he further alleged that swaraj, jaitley and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje were protecting that network.
sushma-ji is trapped in it since she has a relation with lalit modi.
now, she is trying to save herself and the network.
i am telling this to modi-ji.
.
.
not lalit modi, but narendra modi-ji.
it is a weird case that the names are similar.
i am saying this to prime minister modi-ji that youth is slowly understanding the network.
they are seeing that there is a network of cricket and behind it is dirt, the congress vice president said.
intervening in a debate in lok sabha yesterday, swaraj had torn into congress, saying it had helped bofors accused ottavio quattrocchi and bhopal gas leak accused warren anderson flee india and roped in rajiv gandhi in this regard.
it is clear in the lalit modi controvesy that a financial transaction took place, the congress vice president insisted.
she (swaraj) spoke at length, gave long statements, but did not respond to our question.
it was a simple question.
i asked, 'how much money did you get?
and why did you do that charity and humanitarian work?
the whole world does charity, but it does so in the open.
why didn't you tell this to your ministry.
and whatever charity work you did, why did you not follow the procedure.
why did you not tell the country that you helped lalit modi?
gandhi questioned.
modi to visit israel, 1st by an indian pmnew delhi, may 31, 2015, (pti) 20:55 istnarendra modi will be travelling to israel, the first by an indian prime minister to the jewish country with which bilateral defence cooperation is on an upswing.
india had established full diplomatic relationship with israel in 1992 though it had recognised the country in 1950.
no indian prime minister or president has ever visited that country.
the then israeli prime minister ariel sharon had become the first premier from that country to visit india when he came here in 2003.
he is credited with transforming bilateral relations from diminutive defence and trade cooperation to the strategic ties of today.
as far as my visit is concerned, it will take place this year.
i will visit, israel, palestine and jordan.
as far as prime minister's visit is concerned, he will travel to israel.
no dates have been finalised.
it will take place as per mutually convenient dates, she said replying to a question at a press conference.
at the same time, she asserted, there was no change in india's policy towards palestine.
l k advani had visited israel when he was home minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government.
jaswant singh and s m krishna had visited the jewish nation as external affairs ministers.
recently home minister rajnath singh had also visited israel.
asked whether the prime minister will visit iran, she said no such visit has been finalised so far but he will be visiting turkey to attend g-20 summit later this year.
we achieved a lot.
pak snubs india's nsa meet initiativenew delhi, oct 09, 2015, dhns 0:30 ista fresh move by new delhi to arrange a meeting between the national security advisers of india and pakistan on the sideline of the united nations general assembly in new york last month fell flat, as islamabad insisted on including kashmir on the agenda.
india proposed a meeting between national security advisor ajit doval and his pakistan counterpart sartaj aziz to discuss all issues connected to terrorism.
pakistan, however, insisted that it would agree only if another meeting was arranged between aziz and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to discuss resumption of dialogue on all other outstanding issues, including the issue of kashmir, sources said in new delhi.
the move, according to the sources, was finally aborted as new delhi was not ready to discuss kashmir and other outstanding issues, without having a credible and effective outcome from the nsas parleys on the issue of anti-india terrorism emanating from pakistan and territories under its control.
new delhis proposal to islamabad for the meeting was intended to return to the roadmap of engagement the prime ministers of the two countries had agreed upon at ufa in russia on july 10.
yesthere was an issue of sequencing (the meetings), said mea spokesperson vikas swarup when asked about indias proposal.
he added that new delhi remained committed to the understanding reached between the two prime ministers.
we are ready for dialogue between the nsas on all issues connected to terrorism.
pakistan walked out of it last time, he said, pointing out that a meeting between aziz and swaraj were not in ufa.
as agreed by narendra modi and nawaz sharif at ufa, doval and aziz were scheduled to meet in new delhi on august 24 and discuss issues related to terrorism.
but the meeting was called off after india asked pakistan to drop its insistence on including the issue of kashmir in the agenda and on consulting the hurriyat conference and other separatist organisations before the parleys.
burns meets rajnathnew delhi, july 10, 2014, pti: 20:37 istus deputy secretary of state william burns today wished prime minister narendra modi great success ahead and said america looks forward to a great partnership with india.
burns, who is here to chalk out the path to the forthcoming strategic dialogue as well as modi's meeting with american president barack obama, met with home minister rajnath singh.
i met union home minister to discuss bilateral issues, homeland security among others, he told reporters outside the ministry.
asked about us' earlier stand of not granting visa to modi over the 2002 gujarat riots, he said we look forward to a great partnership and we wish modi great success ahead.
burns' visit is in advance of the indo-us dialogue, to be chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her american counterpart john kerry who will be here on july 31.
indian embassy in yemen shifted to djiboutinew delhi, apr 20, 2015, (pti) 15:20 istin view of the worsening situation in yemen's capital sana'a, india has shifted its embassy to djibouti, adjoining the war-torn country, after the successful conclusion of the process to evacuate its nationals, government informed the lok sabha today.
i am glad to inform this august house that operation 'raahat' conducted for the evacuation of indian nationals from war-torn yemen has been a resounding success, well-acknowledged by the international community.
we not only managed to safely evacuate 4,741 indians but also 1,947 foreign nationals from 48 countries till 18 april under most difficult circumstances, she said.
while giving details about the evacuation process and related developments, she said, in view of the worsening security situation in sanaa and after the successful conclusion of the evacuation process, we have relocated our embassy to djibouti on april 15.
she said the indian embassy would continue to operate from djibouti till situation returns to normal in yemen.
we responded positively to these requests to the extent possible based on ground realities and helped nationals of 48 countries in evacuation, the minister said.
india assisted nationals of pakistan, the us, the uk, australia, bangladesh, bahrain, canada, cuba, djibouti, egypt, el salvador, ethiopia, france, greece, germany, hungary, indonesia, iran, iraq, ireland, italy, jordan, kenya, kyrgyzstan, lebanon, maldives, morocco, myanmar, mexico, moldova, nepal, new zealand, philippines, romania, russia, somalia, sweden, sri lanka, sudan, spain, switzerland, syria, tanzania, uzbekistan, the uae, uganda, ukraine and yemen.
this received worldwide appreciation, she said.
the indians evacuated from yemen were from 27 states.
the maximum of 2,527 belonged to kerala, while 427 hailed from tamil nadu, 368 from uttar pradesh, 293 from maharashtra, 219 from bihar, 195 from west bengal and 180 from telangana/andhra pradesh besides others.
she praised minister of state for external affairs gen (retd) v k singh, who personally supervised the evacuation efforts in djibouti and shuttled between sana'a and djibouti sparing no effort to accomplish this difficult task.
singh did not work as a minister but as a general, she said.
india also deputed 26 officials from the ministry of external affairs to djibouti and sanaa to strengthen and coordinate the evacuation efforts, she said.
five naval ships and 7 aircraft were deployed for the evacuation.
we took urgent and necessary steps to ensure security of our nationals and got in touch with the local yemeni authorities and other governments in the region for their safe and timely evacuation.
the no-fly zone imposed on the yemeni airspace and blockade of sea route by the coalition forces made the evacuation exercise a complex and very difficult task, she said.
on march 30, the prime minister had a telephonic conversation with king of saudi arabia salman bin abdulaziz al saud who assured him of all necessary assistance, she said.
an inter-ministerial 'standing group for repatriation of indian nationals from abroad', headed by secretary (east) in the ministry of external affairs anil wadhwa met, on a daily basis since march 26 to plan, coordinate and implement the evacuation plans, she said.
i myself chaired several meetings of this group from 30 march onwards to review and make effective the plans for evacuation by air and sea route, the minister said.
a 24-hour control room and help-lines were established in the ministry of external affairs from march 26 to assist indian nationals in yemen and their concerned family members in india.
similar 24-hour help-lines were established in indian embassy in sanaa and control room in djibouti, she said.
new delhi: july 28, 2015, dhns 3:35 istmiffed at the inadequate coverage of the congress protests on lok sabha television, party vice-president rahul gandhi took it upon himself to survey the chamber of the lower house to identify cameras that could catch their agitation against the narendra modi government.
the 44-year-old leader was seen observing various television cameras that have been hung below the media gallery at various angles to cover the proceedings of the lok sabha in real time.
the congress members were waving placards and shouting slogans against the government from the well of the lok sabha and the only time when they were shown by lok sabha television were when the cameras were focussed on union ministers who made brief statements or when speaker sumitra mahajan made her announcements.
rahul was seen discussing the lack of coverage to the congress protests as the proceedings were also seen on two huge television screens placed in the lok sabha chamber.
since the monsoon session began on july 21, the congress members have been stalling the proceedings demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for their involvement in the lalitgate controversy and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan for his reported involvement in the vyapam scam.
rahul, who has taken a strident no resignation, no discussion line in parliament, was seen having animated discussions with party leaders such as shashi tharoor and deepender hooda on how to ensure that the protests were captured by the cameras.
he also walked in through many gates of the lok sabha chamber as the protests continued apparently assessing the best places to protest to ensure adequate coverage on lstv.
some members suggested attaching the placards to batons and raising them to the height of the cameras.
others suggested getting huge banners that could cover a section of the lok sabha chamber.
wait and watch, quipped a first-term congress member and part of the parliament strategy team, when asked whether the party actually planned to get giant banners inside the house.
the congress has already complained to speaker sumitra mahajan that they were not getting adequate coverage on lok sabha television.
new delhi, dh news service, may 7 2017, 1:59 istpresident pranab mukherjee on saturday asked new delhi's envoys to foreign nations to ensure that india appropriately responds to the new challenges posing the changing world order.
i do believe that at this stage, the dynamics of the new world order must be well analysed and understood.
as heads of missions, you shall have to ensure that india, as a respected and responsible player in world affairs and an emerging economic power, responds to the new challenges appropriately  to her best advantage, safeguarding her core interests at all times, mukherjee said.
he was addressing the annual conclave of indias ambassadors, high commissioners and consul generals in foreign nations.
prime minister narendra modi, too, addressed them earlier in the day.
this year, you have had to address the dramatic changes in the international political and security scenario.
the traditional equations of power, hyper-power and global influence have been altered in a manner that few anticipated.
there is a new world order, the president told the heads of overseas missions of india.
mukherjee noted that the reforms and recent initiatives of the government had made indias economy attractive for investors and its industrial sector viable for prospective partners.
he noted that technology had revolutionised the way of sharing knowledge, doing business, consult, and even doing diplomatic works.
in some countries, it is being used to create vast capacities for eavesdropping and cyber warfare.
you are, no doubt, looking at all of these issues and addressing them comprehensively, he added.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday inaugurated the eighth heads of missions conference.
ballia, dec 10, 2015, pti: 19:09 istattacking congress for stalling parliament over court summons to party leaders in the national herald case, bjp spokesman shahnawaz hussain said there is not a separate law for sonia and rahul gandhi and asked them to behave like common citizens of the country.
all citizens of the country have equal rights.
.
.
only summons have been issued.
.
.
both sonia and rahul should behave like common citizens.
.
.
they have big lawyers and should put their view point before the court, hussain told newspersons here last night.
sonia and rahul gandhi do not have a separate law for themselves under the constitution, he said, adding, they should not hold parliament to ransom for the summons.
the bjp spokesman asked congress to allow parliament to function normally and allow passage of important bills.
rejecting congress's charge of double standards and vendetta, hussain said the matter does not concern an official or ministry.
instead of hampering the parliament, congress should allow a debate in the house and we will tell what they have done, he said, adding, rahul gandhi is not able to accept a duly elected government and prime minister.
to a question on why the government is not taking action on the national herald issue or against sonia's son-in-law robert vadra, he said the matter is in court and law will take its course.
on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to pakisatan, hussain said afghanistan is a friend of india and she has gone there to take part in a meeting in that country.
our external affairs minister has gone to pakistan and she has forcefully raised her voice against terrorism, he said, claiming her visit has diffused some tension in the ties between the two countries.
when his attention was drawn to statements of senior bjp leader yashwant singh that the country has bowed before pakistan and remarks of alliance partner shiv sena, hussain said, everybody has a right to speak but government has the right to work and take decisions.
it is wrong to say that india has knelt down before prime minister nawaz sharif, he said, adding, bjp has internal democracy and had anyone in sp or bsp said made this remark he would have been thrown out of the party.
to a question on the statements of senior colleague vinay katiyar and rss leader mohan bhagwat on ram mandir issue, he said government should work for arriving at an honourable and amicable solution.
asked if the narendra modi government will take any initiative in this direction, hussain did not comment and stressed that a solution is possible only through court and dialogue.
reacting to the stance adopted by the all india muslim personal law board on intolerance, he asked where was the intolerance in the country.
crores of muslims are living together securely.
.
.
there is no other country as safe as india for muslims.
.
.
congress is making unnecessary noise over an odd incident, he said.
aimplb resolved to launch a movement against intolerance in the country during its working committee meeting in amroha.
to another question, he said there is no discussion in now on leadership change in the party's state unit or an alliance with any other party.
bjp will contest 2017 elections strongly and register victory, he said.
on uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav, hussain said, he is a good son but not a good chief minister.
hussain, who was in varanasi just two days ahead of the visit of prime minister narendra modi and his japanese counterpart shinzo abe, said the visit of the two leaders in the temple town is expected to be successful and will also give fillip to the sister city cooperation of varanasi and kyoto.
lalit modi issued travel papers as per uk lawnew delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:25 istmired in controversy: complaint against labour mp keith vaz would not be investigatedthe british government on monday maintained that it had issued travel document to scam-tainted former ipl chief lalit modi in accordance with the laws in the united kingdom.
notwithstanding the brouhaha over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs recommendation for issue of travel document to modi, the home office of the british government said that its decision was in accordance with the immigration rules of the united kingdom.
we do not routinely comment on the detail of individual cases.
this case was determined in accordance with the appropriate rules, alford simon, senior press officer of home office of the uk government, stated in his reply to an e-mail from deccan herald.
according to a pti report from london, indian-origin labour mp keith vaz, who is also embroiled in the row over swarajs help to modi, would not be probed in britain.
kathryn hudson, britains parliamentary commissioner for standards, has decided not to investigate the complaint against vaz that he helped modi get travel documents to go to portugal, purportedly for his wifes cancer treatment.
the commissioner received a complaint (against keith vaz) last week, but has decided not to investigate into it, a spokeswoman for the parliamentary commissioner for standards told pti in london.
the british government had also similarly taken a position favourable to modi after his indian passport had been revoked in 2011.
as modi had already been in uk before the revocation of his passport, london had conveyed to new delhi that legal constraints had been preventing them to deport him to india.
legally, an individual does not require a valid passport in order to remain in the uk, so long as their leave to enter or remain in the uk remains valid.
such leave is granted to the individual and therefore does not automatically expire upon the cancellation or expiry of the passport in which it is endorsed, the british government had stated in a communication to new delhi in january 2014.
an individual may apply to the home office to change their status whilst in the uk, for example, by asking for leave to remain.
where an application.
.
.
is refused, an individual has the legal right to challenge the home offices decision, it had added.
after being accused of violating foreign exchange management act in connection with the ipl scam, modis passport was revoked by the government of india in 2011 when he was in uk.
modi had last year sought a travel document from uk government to go to portugal where his wife had to undergo a surgery.
the british authorities were willing to issue the travel document, but were restrained by a communication from new delhi to london stating that any action facilitating modis travel would have adverse impact on india-uk relation.
modis request for swarajs help just a few weeks after she took over as the external affairs minister of the new government led by prime minister narendra modi in may 2014.
swaraj, according to her own posts on twitter on sunday, conveyed to londons envoy to delhi, james bevan, that if the british government decided to grant travel document to modi, it would not have any adverse impact on india-uk relations.
the uk government finally issued the travel document to modi in august 2014.
govt decides to merge overseas indians ministry with meanew delhi, jan 7, 2016, (pti): 18:43 istnearly 12 years after it was set up to improve engagement with the indian diaspora, the government has decided to merge the ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia) with the external affairs ministry in sync with its broad principle of minimum government, maximum governance.
the proposal for merger was cleared by prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who also holds charge of the moia said.
as minister for external affairs and overseas indian affairs, i realised that substantial work of moia is done through our missions abroad.
therefore, i proposed to prime minister that moia should be merged with ministry of external affairs.
prime minister has kindly accepted my proposal.
so moia will now be part of ministry of external affairs, swaraj tweeted.
spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup said the decision to merge the moia with mea was taken in line with government's overall objective of minimising government and maximising governance.
he said the process of merger has already begun and the exercise is being personally supervised by swaraj while keeping in mind the needs of the diaspora.
he said the decision will help government address duplication as well as unnecessary delays in various works.
ensuring minimum government, maximum governance was a major promise of the bjp in the run up to the lok sabha polls in 2014.
swarup said the pravasi bhartiya divas, which used to be a flagship event of the moia will be celebrated by the mea on january 9.
since creation of moia in 2004, there have been two separate ministers in charge of the two ministries.
however, since 2014 swaraj and minister of state in mea v k singh were handling both the ministries, said swarup.
established in may 2004 as the ministry of non-resident indians affairs, it was renamed as the ministry of overseas indian affairs in september 2004.
the primary task of the moia was to connect the indian diaspora with its motherland.
the ministry initiated various programmes focusing on developing networks with and amongst the overseas indians with the intent of building partnership with the diaspora.
congress protests force rs to adjourn twicenew delhi, aug 12, 2015, (pti): 13:54 istcongress today forced two adjournments of rajya sabha in the pre-lunch session as it took strong exception to some business houses asking parliament to function and demanded a response from prime minister narendra modi over lalit modi and vyapam issues.
congress and parties like jd(u) and cpi(m) attacked the government for using media and businessmen to hit out at the opposition for disruptions in parliament.
as government said it was ready for a debate on any issue and accused the opposition of running away from it, the opposition sought a discussion under a rule that entails voting on the lines of lok sabha.
opposition and treasury benches exchanged sharp barbs after sharad yadav (jd-u) said the charge that bjp government was a government for money bags has been vindicated in the attack on parliament by capitalists.
today that charge is vindicated, he said adding that parliament represents 125 crore indians.
the jd(u) leader was referring to an online signature campaign in which over 15,000 people, including the country's top industrialists, have urged lawmakers to allow parliament to function, debate and legislate.
finance minister and leader of the house arun jaitley retorted, telling yadav  does the common man want parliament not to function?
.
.
.
you are guilty of stalling democracy.
this comment triggered congress members to rush into the well shouting slogans against the government, forcing the first adjournment till noon.
when the house reassembled for question hour, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said yadav has raised a very important issue that involves the prestige of this house, as some industrialists are now trying to teach us how to run parliament.
the mps are being derided.
the ruling party is using media and business houses to attack the opposition, he said, charging the government with terrorising channels who do not tow their line, but this cannot terrorise mps.
sitaram yechury (cpi-m) said questions were being raised on the functioning of the house and business houses are telling mps how to run parliament.
they cannot interfere.
.
.
we also want the house to run, he said, demanding that there be a discussion on the ipl row along with voting, as was being done in lok sabha.
why can't we have it in this house also, he said, demanding a thorough probe into the lalit modi controversy involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
yadav then got up again to say that government has not recovered non-performing assets from business houses, who are telling mps how to function.
chairman hamid ansari said no motion that entails voting has been moved and asked them not to raise the demand now.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the government was ready for a discussion, but the opposition is running away from it.
we are ready for a discussion.
we are ready to give a befitting reply.
they are causing roadblocks in the path of country's progress.
the country will not forgive them.
they are against the nation's progress, he said, adding that it is due to the behaviour of the opposition members that the prestige of the house is being affected.
raising strong objections, congress members, who were in the well, resume slogan-shouting and forced another adjournment till 2 pm.
they raised slogans like punjipatio ke dalalo ki sarkar, nahi chalegi, nahi chalegi (a government of pimps of capitalists will not be tolerated), modi teri tanashahi nahi chalegi (modi's dictatorship will not be tolerated) and kala dhan ka kya hua (what happaned to blackmoney).
they also shouted and rs 15 lakh ka kya hua, kya hua (what happened to rs 15 lakh promised to each indian) in an apparent reference to modi's election promise of rs 15 lakh for every citizen by unearthing blackmoney.
earlier, deputy chairman p j kurien, before adjourning the house till noon, said it was unfortunate the way members were behaving.
it is a sad commentary.
.
.
i hope better wisdom will prevail over you.
kurien said he has received three notices under rule 267 seeking suspension of list of business to take up discussion on the subjects.
he rejected the notice by naresh agarwal (sp) to discuss disrespect and disrepute being brought to parliament by comments by certain people, saying he had raised the issue in the house yesterday.
he also disallowed t k rangarajan's notice seeking prime minister's response and fixing of responsibility in the lalitgate and vyapam scam, saying such a motion was similar to one that had been moved previously and which he had allowed but concerned members did not move it.
anand sharma (cong) said the opposition parties have been from the first day demanding fixing of accountability and taking action and unless prime minister has responded, every motion has to be treated as fresh.
kurien however said he had allowed the motion to be moved but the concerned member did not move the motion.
what is the point in bringing another motion when no one is willing to move it, he said.
if rangarajan is ready to move the motion, i will allow .
.
.
i am ready to allow discussion, are you ready to move the motion, he asked.
tapan sen (cpi-m) said the prime minister must be present in the house to respond to the discussion.
kurien said a motion cannot be conditional.
you cannot say who should come and reply.
i cannot accept conditions.
referring to charges of involvement of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in helping controversial former ipl head lalit modi obtain travel documents, sharma said if a cabinet minister is involved, it has to be the prime minister who should respond.
naqvi then said start discussion immediately and you will get the answers.
india, pakistan break ice, to resume talksislamabad, dec 9, 2015, pti: 1:28 istbreaking the logjam in ties, india and pakistan on wednesday announced that they have decided to engage in a comprehensive dialogue that will include peace and security and jammu and kashmir.
capping a series of positive developments since prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif met in paris 10 days ago, it was announced here that the foreign secretaries will meet to decide the modalities and schedule of the dialogue.
pakistan has assured india of steps being taken to expedite the early conclusion of the mumbai attack trial, something that india has been pressing for long.
the national security advisors (nsas) of india and pakistan who had recently met in bangkok, will continue to address all issues connected to terrorism, according to a joint statement issued by the two countries.
the joint statement came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met sharif and later his advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz here on the concluding day of her two-day visit for attending a multilateral conference on afghanistan.
in another significant step towards betterment of ties, modi will visit pakistan to attend the saarc summit likely to be held in september 2016, in what will be the first prime ministerial visit here from india in 12 years.
atal bihari vajpayee was the last indian prime minister to visit pakistan who had come here in january 2004 and attended the saarc summit besides holding talks with the then pakistan president, pervez musharraf.
the comprehensive bilateral dialogue will also include confidence building measures (cbms), siachen, sir creek, wullar baragge/tulbul navigation project, economic and commercial cooperation, counter-terrorism, narcotics control, humanitarian issues, people-to-people exchanges and religious tourism.
the joint statement condemned terrorism and resolved to cooperate to eliminate it.
sushma and aziz noted the successful talks on terrorism and security-related issues in bangkok by the two nsas and decided that the nsas will continue to address all issues connected to terrorism.
she said, we have decided to start afresh the dialogue, which was going on under the composite dialogue earlier and then in the name of resumed dialogue, and call it comprehensive bilateral dialogue.
sriramulu decides to contest as independentlast updated: 08 november, 2011bellary, nov 8, dhns: 1:25 istit has almost become certain that former minister sriramulu will contest bellary rural bypoll as an independent candidate.
he is likely to file his nomination papers on wednesday.
sriramulu arrived at the decision after a meeting with his close aide g janardhana reddy at chanchalguda jail in hyderabad on tuesday.
he is expected to announce his decision after reaching bellary, sources said.
meanwhile, the bjp has asked the leaders of its bellary district unit to come to bangalore to finalise the party candidate.
district unit president guttiganur virupakshi gowda said the official candidate will be finalised after consultations with the senior leaders inbangalore on wednesday.
according to reports from bangalore, the bjp will not coax sriramulu to be its official candidate, if the latter decides to move away from the party.
sources said illegal mining allegedly by reddys has dented the image of bjp in bellary and sriramulu is the only link between the party and the reddys.
in case he decides to sever ties with the party, there is no guarantee that all the seven bjp legislators from bellary district may resign.
legislators anand singh and somanlingappa are keen on continuing with the bjp, it is said.
however, chief minister d v sadananda gowda announced in delhi that sriramulu would be the first choice for the bjp and an alternative would be found if he refuses to contest.
the state government has withdrawn the security provided to the houses of g janardhana reddy and sriramulu.
a total of 12 police personnel were deployed at the houses of two former ministers.
superintendent of police dr chandragupta said the personal security provided to sriramulu has been continued.
the supporters of sriramulu have removed the portraits of bjp national leaders, the party emblem and flags in the bellary district bjp office.
photographs of former prime minister atal behari vajpayee, former chief minister b s yeddyurappa and senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj adorned the walls of the office building, said to be owned by the reddys.
gali is gandhi: sriramulusriramulu, who is set to contest the byelection to the bellary bypoll, visited his mentor janardhana reddy at chanchalgud jail in hyderabad on tuesday.
speaking to mediapersons later, he said gali will emerge blemish-free from his ordeal.
gandhi, lord rama and lord krishna also went through bad times, he said.
i spoke to him (reddy) for only 15 minutes after he returned from the prison temple.
until then i was waiting in the deputy superintendents office, he explained.
he said reddy advised him to seek the opinion of the people of my constituency, whether to fight as an independent or not.
my political future is in the hands of the people of karnataka, and not with any political party.
above all, i have the blessings of janardhana reddy, said sriramulu.
india calls upon pakistan to reverse 'unfortunate' lakhvi bailnew delhi, dec 18, 2014, (ians) 20:17 istindia thursday said the bail granted to zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi, one of the key conspirators of the 2008 mumbai attack, was unfortunate, would serve as a reassurance to terrorists who perpetrate heinous crimes and called upon pakistan to immediately take steps to reverse the decision.
we cannot accept that let's (lashkar-e-taiba's) chief operation commander zakiur lakhvi, one of the key conspirators of the mumbai terror attacks in which so many innocent people were slaughtered, a person designated as an international terrorist by the unsc, is being released on bail, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
earlier, home minister rajnath singh condemned and termed as unfortunate lakhvi getting bail from a pakistani court.
it is very unfortunate, and i believe it should not have happened, rajnath singh said at a press conference here.
the external affairs ministry said the bail comes just two days after one of the most dastardly terrorist attacks took place against a school in peshawar, where over a hundred children were purposefully and systematically butchered in the name of revenge.
it said the grant of bail to lakhvi will serve as a reassurance to terrorists who perpetrate heinous crimes.
india called upon pakistan to immediately take steps to reverse this decision.
there can be no selective approaches to terrorism.
given the scale of the tragedy that pakistan itself has faced in recent days, it is incumbent on it to realise that no compromise can ever be made with terrorists, it said.
on what india would do and whether evidence provided by it were good enough to hold the case tight, rajnath singh said: i believe whatever evidence india has given to pakistan on zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi are more than enough to nail him.
the pakistan government must appeal in higher court against it and get the bail cancelled, he said.
the home minister said he would discuss the issue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj so that the case could be directly taken up with the pakistani authorities.
she (sushma swaraj) herself must have taken the required steps but i will discuss itwith her, rajnath singh said.
on the peshawar terror attack, he said prime minister narendra modi conveyed india's message to the people of pakistan.
it was not only pakistani people but indians also have equally been hurt by the inhuman attack (on school children), he said.
cracks in oppn over house logjamnew delhi: august 11, 2015, dhns 2:46 istbarely a week after a show of unity, cracks in the opposition ranks were out in the open on monday when samajwadi party (sp) chief mulayam singh yadav told the congress to call off the protests against the centre.
the plain speak from yadav at a meeting of leaders of various political parties convened by lok sabha (ls) speaker sumitra mahajan half-way through the question hour took the congress by surprise.
only last week, the sp stood by the congress after the speaker had suspended 25 of its members for five days and even boycotted the ls proceedings.
emboldened by the sp stand, bjp chief whip arjun ram meghwal has given notice for a discussion on beleaguered former ipl commissioner lalit modi controversy under rule 193 in the lok sabha on tuesday.
the discussion may be taken up at 2:00 pm.
in the rajya sabha, the government has listed the gst bill for consideration and passing on tuesday to give a message ahead of bihar elections that it was serious in reviving the sagging economy.
as congress members trooped into the well of the house raising slogans and waving placards, yadav suddenly decided to play the role of the peacemaker between the main opposition party and the government.
you call a meeting of all leaders right now and all this will stop, the former defence minister told the speaker.
congress president sonia gandhi was seen saying no to party leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge and gestured towards its members asking them to continue the protests.
after repeated requests from yadav, the speaker adjourned the house and leaders, including kharge, jyotiraditya scinda and k c venugopal, trooped into mahajans chamber for talks.
at the meeting, the sp chief bluntly told the congress leaders that he would not support the congress if they continued their protests in the house.
he argued that those making allegations and against whom the allegations were made have the right to speak in parliament and explain their position to the people of the country.
trinamool congress (tmc) leader sudeep bandyopadhyay also favoured a discussion on the ipl issue but as an adjournment motion and not under rule 193 that does not entail voting.
bjp floor managers claimed the nationalist congress party, tmc and rashtriya janata dal also supported the sp supremo and that the congress was isolated during the meeting.
since the monsoon session began on july 21, congress members have been disrupting the proceeding with vociferous demands for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for helping lalit modi.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, too, is on the congress radar in relation to the vyapam scam.
'rahul playing double game with farmers'july 26, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 1:43 istunion urban development minister m venkaiah naidu on saturday accused congress vice president rahul gandhi of playing a double game with farmers.
he speaks about protecting the interest of farmers and their land all the time.
but during his recent visit to the state, he did not find time to visit the families of farmers who have committed suicide, naidu told reporters in bengaluru.
earlier this week, rahul gandhi had made an overnight stay in bengaluru before visiting neighbouring andhra pradesh.
naidu also questioned rahul gandhis stand on land acquisition and his statement that he would not allow even an inch of land to be acquired.
thousands of acres of land had been acquired from farmers without paying proper compensation during the congress rule, he said.
defends sushmaswaraj swarajhe defended external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and stated that the party stood by her and there was no question of her resigning.
she has done nothing wrong.
she is one of the best performing ministers.
she is a great asset to india and to our government, naidu said.
replying to a query on union agriculture minister radha mohan singhs statement that love affairs were the cause of farmer suicides, naidu said, i have gone through the statement.
it is very objectionable, totally unacceptable.
i have spoken to the minister and he has issued a clarification.
sushma drags chidambaram into lalitgate rownew delhi, august 13, 2015, dhns: 23:50 istminister says cong leader trying to fix former ipl bossexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday dragged former finance minister p chidambaram into the lalitgate controversy saying he took personal initiative in trying to fix former ipl chief lalit modi.
apart from that, sushmaswaraj also accused chidambarams lawyer wife nalini with getting rs 1 crore from the income tax department in sharada scam while he was finance minister.
there is no conflict of interest in my case.
my husband and daughter didn't take even a rupee in lalit modi passport case.
there is a conflict of interest in p chidambaram's case.
he was the finance minister when his wife nalini chidambaram was the lawyer in the saradha chit fund scam case, whose file was with his ministry, she charged while replying to an adjournment motion moved by congress on reported involvement and admission of a union minister in assisting a fugitive and stand taken by government.
as per a news agency report, chidambaram has refuted sushmas charges.
sources close to chidambaram said his wife nalini was engaged as senior counsel by the junior counsel of the income tax department.
she appeared for the department and not against the department.
the engagement was without the finance minister's knowledge.
the cbdt issued a statement regretting the embarrassment caused by the engagement.
congress was divided on bringing back lalit modi and chidambaram was alone in his party in wanting action against him due to his personal enmity.
she also said chidambaram is still prodding congress to rake up the issue and had framed seven posers mallikarjun kharge raised in the house.
for four years, you (congress government) did nothing.
you remained inactive.
there was no effort for extradition.
you are asking me how he (lalit modi) got right of residency (in uk).
he got it during your time.
whatever happened, it was during your tenure,she told the congress.
oppn demands sushmaswaraj scalps but sp says it's oknew delhi, june 14, 2015, dhns 23:27 istin soup: lalit modi enjoys proximity to many bjp leaders, says congressopposition parties on sunday demanded the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping former indian premier league (ipl) commissioner lalit modi, a fugitive, in procuring travel documents in the uk.
seeking answers from prime minister narendra modi on sushmas controversial conduct, the congress also brought finance minister arun jaitley into the row, wondering, why the fm continued with the lookout notice against modi while swaraj was helping the money-laundering fugitive.
the congress charged that lalit modi enjoyed proximity to many leaders of the bjp, including its president amit shah.
breaking ranks with the opposition parties, however, the samajwadi party came to sushmas defence.
senior sp leader ram gopal yadav said sushmaswaraj did not do anything wrong by helping lalit on humanitarian ground, maintaining that it was unfortunate that an unnecessary hype was being created by some people in the matter.
people are asking: is (narendra) modi helping (lalit) modi?
the needle of suspicion rests at the door of the office of the prime minister, congress in-charge of media department randeep surjewala charged and raised 11 questions, asking modi to answer to the nation.
the congress leader also rejected sushmas stand that she helped lalit on humanitarian grounds and accused her of returning favour to the former ipl commissioner who had helped her husband swaraj kaushal in getting his nephew admitted to a law programme at sussex university in uk in 2013.
after getting travel documents from the uk government, not only did lalit modi thank external affairs minister but also her husband, he charged, referring the exchange of e-mails between lalit and indian origin british parliamentarian keith vaz.
its a clear-cut case of gross impropriety on part of sushmaswaraj and she should immediately step down as the external affairs minister, surjewala demanded.
modi and bjp had sought resignation of the then union minister shashi tharoor on the allegation of his wife holding a small share in ipl team.
will the prime minister and the bjp now apply the same yardsticks of moral and constitutional propriety and accountability?
he asked.
jd-u spokesperson k c tyagi condemned sushmaswaraj for helping lalit while cpi leader d raja demanded an explanation from the prime minister.
cpm leader brinda karat described the episode as a case of grave impropriety, saying it is the duty of the prime minister to answer the questions being raised.
aap spokesperson ashutosh said sushmaswaraj should step down.
iraq survivor says isis killed 39 indian hostageschandigarh, may 14, 2015, (ians): 19:28 ista man from punjab who escaped from the clutches of the isis in june 2014 claimed on thursday that 39 indians taken hostage have been killed.
harjit masih, 25, told the media in mohali town adjoining chandigarh and claimed that the 39 indians, mostly from punjab, were attacked by the isis terrorists and killed.
the isis came and kidnapped us and took us to another place.
we were 40 indians and about 50 bangladeshis.
they assured us that our passports would come and we will be allowed to leave for india, masih said.
they (isis) handed us over to another group (of terrorists) who took us to another place.
later, they put us in a room and started firing.
everyone around me fell.
i kept lying there and later escaped, he said.
in new delhi, sushmaswaraj swaraj disputed masih's claims and said her sources had not indicated that the indian nationals were dead.
we are not sparing any efforts to find them.
we are hopeful that we will be able to find them and bring them back home.
harjit masih left our protection on his own.
the family of masih had earlier claimed that he was kept under detention after his escape and return from iraq.
there is no reason to believe him.
if we believe him, it will mean that we end our search.
the indian nationals were taken hostage by the isis on june 11 last year in northern iraq's mosul town.
their families have met sushmaswaraj swaraj and other leaders in new delhi and chandigarh to know the whereabouts of their kin stuck in iraq.
india, eu to step up counter terror actsnew delhi, deccan herald news service, apr 22 2017, 1:12 istprime minister narendra modi with european union high representative for foreign affairs and security policy, federica mogherini in a meeting in new delhi on friday.
press trust of india photo / press information bureauindia and the european union (eu) on friday agreed to step up counter-terrorism cooperation and discussed ways to end the impasse over the proposed trade agreement.
federica mogherini, high representative of the european union for foreign affairs and security policy, called on prime minister narendra modi and national security advisor ajit doval.
she also had a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and discussed preparation for the 14th india-eu summit scheduled to be held in new delhi in october.
modi and mogherini agreed to strengthen security cooperation between india and the eu, particularly on the issue of counter-terrorism.
new delhi: dec 24, 2015, dhns 2:23 istcricketer-turned-mp says bad for party, not mecracking the whip on dissenters, the bjp on wednesday suspended cricketer-turned-mp kirti azad for indulging in anti-party activities by dragging finance minister arun jaitley into the delhi & district cricket association (ddca) corruption case.
in a one-line statement issued to the media by general-secretary arun singh, the party stated that azad has been suspended with immediate effect.
the order stated: over the past few months, you have breached party discipline and indulged in anti-party activities.
inside and outside parliament, you conducted yourself in a manner that amounts to indiscipline and anti-party activities.
you made several statements to carry out a false propaganda.
so the parliamentary board has suspended you from the party membership.
the bjp seems to have also taken into account statements made by azad when the lalit modi controversy broke out.
the darbhanga mp had tweeted that an insider was leaking information about external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs reported support to the disgraced former ipl commissioner when he was trying to seek travel documents in the uk.
reacting to the suspension order, azad said in ahmedabad: i did not say anything against anyone personally.
what anti-party activity have i done?
i have been raising this issue for the last 9 years, they should have taken cognisance then itself.
he also denied teaming up with the aam aadmi party or the congress to raise the ddca issue.
when asked about his next move, azad said wait and watch and added that suspension is bad for the party, not me.
the party cracked the whip a day after prime minister narendra modi defended jaitley and said the finance minister would come out clean in the same manner as patriarch l k advani had in the hawala case.
the bjp decided to take action as party chief amit shah had warned azad about a week ago not to publicly hit out at his old rival jaitley, but he went ahead and held a press conference on sunday revealing details of corruption in the construction of the feroz shah kotla stadium.
party leaders are now wondering whether action will be initiated against other dissenters, especially shatrughan sinha, who attacked the party leadership for the bihar poll debacle.
earlier in the day, sinha, who hailed azad as hero of the day, suggested that jaitley should resign and emerge clean like advani.
as advised by our dashing dynamic pm, our fm cud follow advanijis eg & come clean (sic), sinha tweeted.
pathankot attack: sushmaswaraj meets ex-diplomats, former envoys to pakistannew delhi, jan 3, 2016, (ians) 21:00 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday met here with two former foreign secretaries and four former envoys to pakistan as the government sought wider consultation over its policy towards pakistan in the wake of the terror attack on the indian air force base in pathankot that claimed 13 lives, including those of seven indian security personnel.
sushma swaraj met with shiv shankar menon, former foreign secretary and national security adviser; shyam saran, former foreign secretary; satinder lambah, former envoy to pakistan and former special envoy to the prime minister who conducted back channel talks with pakistan; and three former envoys to pakistan, t.c.a. raghavan, sharad sabharwal and satyabrata pal.
raghavan, who retired as india's high commissioner to pakistan on december 31, was present when prime minister narendra modi made his surprise stopover in lahore to greet pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif on his birthday.
ministry officials refrained from giving details of sunday's meeting.
modi's surprise visit to lahore had signalled a thaw in india-pakistan relations but saturday's pathankot terror attack is seen as an attempt by forces across the border to derail the proposed foreign secretary-level talks in islamabad in the middle of this month.
modi's visit was the culmination of a series of diplomatic engagements between the two south asian neighbours starting from november 30 last year when he had a seemingly impromptu meeting with sharif at the paris climate summit.
following this, on december 6, indian national security advisor ajit doval and his pakistani counterpart naseer khan janjua held a meeting in bangkok which was also attended by foreign secretaries s. jaishankar and aizaz ahmad chaudhry.
two days later, sushmaswaraj swaraj landed in islamabad to attend the heart of asia conference which engages heart of asia countries for a peaceful and stable afghanistan.
on december 9, she told the media there that modi would visit islamabad next year to attend the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) summit.
then, after a courtesy call on sharif, she held a bilateral with his advisor on foreign affairs, sartaj aziz.
the two then came out with a joint statement in which pakistan assured india that all steps were being taken to expedite the early conclusion of the 26/11 mumbai terror attack trial.
both sides, accordingly, agreed to a comprehensive bilateral dialogue and directed the the foreign secretaries to work out the modalities and schedule of the meetings under the dialogue, including peace and security, cbms (confidence buildins measures), jammu and kashmir, siachen, sir creek, wullar barrage/tulbul navigation project, economic and commercial cooperation, counter-terrorism, narcotics control, humanitarian issues, people-to-people exchanges and religious tourism, the statement said.
even as the stage was being set for the foreign secretary-level meeting between the two sides came the pathankot attack that is being deemed as an attack on the softening of ties between new delhi and islamabad.
new delhi, jan 12, 2016, (pti): 21:06 istwith barely three days left for the proposed indo-pak foreign secretary-level talks in islamabad, a clarity was yet to emerge today amid mounting suspense whether india will go ahead or postpone the parleys by a few weeks.
government sources said today a decision was yet to be taken on india's participation at the talks on friday--as proposed by pakistan.
following the pathankot terror attack, india had asked pakistan to take prompt and decisive action against the terrorists behind the stike and linked it with the fs-level talks.
the sources said there was a possibility of postponing the talks by a few weeks.
after the attack, india had said it has provided to pakistan actionable intelligence to act upon the perpetrators of the terrorist act.
india has identified masood azhar, chief of banned terror outfit jaish-e-mohammed, as the mastermind of the attack.
it also blamed his brother rauf and five others for carrying out the attack on january 2 that left all six terrorists and seven indian security personnel dead.
earlier in the day, union home minister rajnath singh said india has no reason to distrust pakistan's assurance that it will take effective action on inputs given about the perpetrators of the attack.
pakistan government has said it will take effective action.
i think we should wait, singh told reporters adding, there is no reason to distrust them (pakistan) so early.
india has provided telephone number in pakistan contacted by the airbase attackers and given other inputs.
india has called on islamabad to act on the information if the fs-level talks are to take place on friday.
.
yesterday, reports from pakistan said law enforcement agencies have picked up some suspects connected to pathankot attack from bahwalapur district, the hometown of maulana masood azhar, chief of banned terror outfit jaish-e-mohammed.
there were reports of some arrests having been made in this regard but police did not confirm any arrest related to the pathankot attack.
the process of resumption of talks was set in motion after a meeting between prime ministers of india and pakistan in paris on november 30 on the sidelines of climate change conference in paris.
the meet was followed by the nsas of india and pakistan meeting in bangkok a week later following which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited pakistan to attend heart of asia conference during which the two sides announced the resumption of talks under bilateral comprehensive dialogue process.
in a surprise move, prime minister narendra modi also visited lahore on december 25 to greet his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on his birthday.
'feku tha, hai': rahul gandhi on modi's poll promisespatna, sep 19, 2015, (ians) 19:11 isttaking pot shots at prime minister narendra modi over his poll promises, congress vice president rahul gandhi on saturday called him a feku.
addressing his first election rally in bihar's west champaran district, gandhi targeted modi over his various promises made during the 2014 lok sabha election campaign but which remain unfulfilled till date.
he had promised 2 lakh jobs, promised rs.15 lakh in each of your accounts, to control inflation.
one year of modi government has gone.
did it happen?
has anyone got rs.15 lakh?
has the inflation been controlled?
has anyone got employment?
.
.
.
feku tha, hai, the congress vice president said without taking modi's name.
loosely translated, the hindi word feku means someone who bluffs.
on employment, gandhi said during the lok sabha campaign modi had promised to revive sugar mills in champaran but nothing had been done in this direction.
modi has never met poor people, workers and labourers.
he has no time for them.
modi only meets people wearing costly suits, he said while people of bihar to be wary of modi and his suited-booted friends who may take away their land in the name of development.
gandhi warned the crowd at the rally that the uprooted landless people would find no shelter in big cities as they would be treated as outsiders and would be driven away from there too.
referring to bihari migrants being attacked in other states for being outsiders, gandhi said: if the bjp government comes here, people will come here in suit-boot and demand your land.
then you would go to other states, you would be asked to go back as you don't speak their language so you would be beaten up.
he said if the bjp comes to power in patna, the suited-booted friends of the prime minister from new delhi and gujarat will come to grab the land of the people of bihar.
comparing the suited-booted culture of the modi dispensation with the simple living of mahatma gandhi, he said: gandhi ji gave up the comforts of his life to serve the people.
he said while congressmen want to mix with people, modi and his friends were averse to the common man.
gandhi said the prime minister has distanced himself from the poor people and they (government) want to keep their suit clean, we want to embrace 'dhoti'.
if you want to bring in rozgar (employment), talk to the people who need it, not to those in suits.
if you want to clean the country, you have to talk to people engaged for the work.
the government only makes false promises, gandhi said.
the congress leader said: we will create jobs in bihar; we will give a credit of rs.4 lakh to bihar youth for education.
if our government is formed here, we will create employment opportunities in bihar.
he said modi claimed that he sold tea during his childhood, but i doubt whether it is true, adding that modi started off as a tea seller, but his clothes changed from simple to better, from kurtas to costly suits.
if you look around, you won't find anyone wearing a suit or boot.
people here are wearing torn clothes or kurtas, he said.
modi promised to end corruption, but he protects his corrupt friends like union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
bihar is scheduled to have five-phase elections between october 12 to november 5 to elect the 243-member assembly.
counting of votes will take place on november 8.
new delhi, aug 23, 2016, (pti) 18:27 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today appealed to the indian workers, who have lost their jobs in saudi arabia, to return to india by september 25 failing which they have to make their own arrangements for boarding, lodging and return journey.
@gen_vksingh visited saudi arabia twice to resolve the problems of indian workers rendered unemployed due to closure of companies there.
my advice to all such indian workers is that they should file their claims and return home by 25th september 2016.
we will bring them back free of charge.
this is the minister's second appeal to indian workers.
earlier on sunday, she had said when saudi government settles with the companies which have closed down, the dues of the workers will also be paid, asserting that settlement of claims will take time and that there was no point in waiting in saudi arabia indefinitely.
earlier this month, minister of state for external affairs v k singh had rushed to saudi arabia after large number of indian workers sought indian government's intervention in taking up their difficulties with the saudi authorities.
he had also gone to saudi arabia last week to resolve the matter.
the saudi government, then, had agreed to swiftly resolve plight of the laid-off indian workers including providing them free passage to return to india and clearing their unpaid dues.
thousands of indian workers have lost their jobs due to slowdown in saudi economy, triggered by low oil prices and cut in spending by the government.
the three worst affected companies are saud oger, saudi bin laden and saad group.
the indian government had requested the saudi authorities to give the unemployed indian workers exit visas without noc (no-objection certificate) from employers and also urged it to clear the dues of workers who have not been paid for months, whenever they settle the accounts with the companies concerned.
as per rules, no foreign employee can leave the country without noc by the employers.
the saudi government also agreed to allow transfer of indian employees, who have lost their jobs, to any other company within saudi arabia.
as per rules, foreign employees cannot change jobs with permission of the company where they were employed.
modi gets formal invitation for saarc summitnew delhi/kathmandu, oct 20, 2014 (ians): 19:43 istforeign minister of nepal mahendra bahadur pandey monday extended an invitation to indian prime minister narendra modi to participate in the forthcoming 18th saarc summit to be held in kathmandu nov 26-27.
at a meeting at the indian prime minister's 7 race course road residence in new delhi monday afternoon, pandey handed over the invitation to modi on behalf of nepal prime minister sushil koirala.
modi and pandey also discussed a wide range of bilateral issues, particularly developments after the visit of modi in the first week of august to nepal and preparations related to saarc, a senior nepal government official told ians.
earlier in the day, pandey held talks with india's minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj at the latter's office.
the meeting primarily focused on enhancing regional cooperation in south asia as well as on the mutual interests and cooperation between the two countries.
swaraj also enquired about the status of the constitution drafting process in nepal and the keenness of political parties for it, said the official.
the two leaders also discussed issues related to saarc, common international issues that saarc member states can raise in international fora and bilateral issues.
sushma swaraj reiterated that india wanted to see a prosperous, stable, democratic and peaceful nepal.
according to mea spokesperson syed akbaruddin, the indian side informed nepal of the new modalities to implement the terai road project phase i. the flagship indian project in nepal's southern plains is beset by various obstacles and could not make progress at the desired speed.
india- nepal ministers agree to swiftly implement decisions of joint commission held in july 2014, he tweeted.
she also expressed her happiness over the recent power trade agreement for upper karnali hydro-electricity project and power trade agreement with nepal to be signed tomorrow( tuesday, akbaruddin stated.
india awaits concurrence of nepal on draft agreement of line of credit of $1 billion announced during modi's visit in august, he said.
on tuesday, pandey will leave for afghanistan to hand over an invitation to newly appointed afghan president ashraf ghani ahmadzi.
new delhi, oct 16, 2014, (ians): 15:34 istthe ancient nalanda university, renowned across southeast asia and beyond, had a school of public health and a chinese student who studied there around the 6th century ad had a lot of admiration for the state of public health in india, which today is in a state of disaster, said nobel laureate and renowned economist amartya sen.
sen, who is vice chancellor of the revived nalanda university that has begun classes from sep 1 this year, said the chinese scholar yi jing who studied public health for many years in nalanda university in the 6th century had fond admiration for the state of public health in india and he found that it was comparable to china and praised public health in india which is now a disaster.
delivering a talk on the relevance of nalanda in the contemporary world as part of the nalanda distinguished lecture series, the economist said the revived university had plans to start a school of public health and also one on buddhism and on linguistics.
later, in answer to a question, sen said that in india the government spends about one percent of the gdp on public health in comparison to china's three percent.
we need to go beyond to provide good public health to the people, he added.
he said that in many parts of the world that are poor, international lending agencies like the world bank and imf discouraged such countries from spending on healthcare until a decade ago and instead wanted them to send on developmental expenditure.
he said that one of the reasons why an epidemic like ebola has become so difficult to control is that many of the healthcare establishments that could have come up did not come up in order to qualify for aid from international organizations, though that is not the position now.
sen has earlier too deplored the state of public health in india.
the revived nalanda university was inaugurated by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last month.
classes started with two schools - school of ecology and environment studies and school of historical studies - sep 1 with 15 students and half-a-dozen faculty members.
the university is to come up in rajgir, 12 km from where the ancient nalanda university stood till the 12th century when it was razed by muslim invaders.
sen said there were some attempts to see the ancient nalanda university as part of the silk route, through which trade and commerce was carried out between the east and west between the 3rd century before christ and the 3rd century ad.
he also said that the gigantic influence of the nalanda trail was still not grasped by the world and that the un had not given it the recognition it deserved.
to a question on why indian universities failed to make the mark among the top universities in the world, he said we should not lose our heads over the matter but focus on raising quality.
he said while the iits were very good, they lacked teaching in humanities subjects that was counted by the rating bodies.
under grand allinace, it will be return to 'jungle raj': shahmuzaffarpur/katihar, oct 4, 2015, (pti) 21:26 istit will be jungle raj 2 if the grand alliance came to power in bihar, bjp national president amit shah warned today, asserting that chief minister nitish kumar is the mascot of corrupt congress and along with rjd the state will not progress.
the congress had presided over scam to the tune of rs 12 lakh crore during the upa rule at the centre and the rjd had presided over 'jungle raj' during its 15-year rule.
.
.
how can nitish kumar bring development to bihar by carrying these two allies on his shoulders, shah told party workers at nehru stadium in muzaffarpur town.
urging the electorate of bihar not to get swayed by the bluff of the senior jd(u) leader, shah warned that bihar would end up with 'jungle raj 2' in the event of the grand secular alliance winning the assembly elections.
dubbing nitish as the master of politics of betrayal, shah said she will not remain faithful to bihar and its people given his penchant of betraying the socialist icons, namely ram manohar lohia and jai prakash narayan, bjp and lastly jitan ram manjhi.
later, addressing a rally in katihar in bihar's seemanchal region, bihar will see a tsunami of development if nda comes to power in the state.
on one shoulder of kumar is (rjd chief) lalu prasad who is a symbol of jungle raj while corrupt congress is on his other shoulder.
he is just a mascot for them, he said.
though the muslim-dominated region is going to polls in the last phase on november 5, the bjp is pulling out all stops to put up a strong show here as it seen as a weak link by the party in its quest to capture power in the state where it has never ruled as the dominant partner.
kumar broke alliance with the bjp and betrayed the peoples' mandate for his sheer greed for the post of prime minister and joined hands with the rjd supremo against whom he had fought all his life and later had no remorse in roping in congress against whom the socialist icons, ram manohar lohia and jai prakash narayan, had stood for all their lives, shah said.
shah said nitish had taken no time in becoming chief minister on the shoulders of the rjd supremo after junking the bjp despite the fact that the bjp workers had toiled hard against the rjd's 'jungle raj' and made him the chief minister of bihar in 2005.
shah held the rjd supremo and the jd(u) leader collectively responsible for backwardness of bihar by ignoring development in pursuit of caste politics and dynasty rule and promised that the bjp-led coalition will retrieve old glories of the state in the event of being elected to power at the hustings.
in samastipur, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj struck a similar note, asking voters to be wary of the grand secular alliance under which the state will return to jungle raj.
the nda government is necessary for the state's rapid growth as it would work in tandem with the central government, she said, adding bjp has come out with a vision document for the state's development in the next five years.
parl logjam to stay till corruption issues resolved: scindiaguna (mp), aug 2, 2015, (pti) 13:43 istthe logjam in parliament will continue unless corruption issues involving bjp ministers are resolved, senior congress leader jyotiraditya scindia said today, setting the tone for the all-party meeting convened tomorrow by the ruling nda to break the impasse.
scindia said that congress will not budge on its demand for resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over vyapam scam as it has dented the image of madhya pradesh at the international level.
congress will vociferously raise the vyapam issue in lok sabha to expose the doublespeak of bjp on corruption.
the saffron party's acts and deeds on corruption are way apart, scindia, chief whip of congress in lok sabha, told pti here.
he said congress will stick to its demand for chouhan's resignation in the interest of a fair probe.
the current logjam will continue in parliament until the issues of corruption are resolved.
congress is firm on its stand on these issues.
if the government wants to go ahead, then it should take some positive steps on these matters, he said.
the congress mp's statement came on the eve of the all- party meeting convened by the nda government in a fresh bid to break the deadlock in parliament that has continued for two weeks now.
almost half the session has gone in disruptions as opposition parties led by congress are not allowing discussion while demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalit modi controversy and that of chouhan in connection with the vyapam scam.
scindia replied in the negative when asked if congress will withdraw its demand for chouhan's resignation as supreme court has already handed over the investigation into the scam to cbi.
referring to lk advani's statement that the saffron party should remain a party of values and principles, scindia said the bjp patriarch himself had set an example earlier by resigning on moral grounds.
now, it is for prime minister narendra modi and the party to take a call on whether or not they want a principled bjp, he said.
stating that the scam took place when medical education department was headed by chouhan, scindia said it has dented the image of madhya pradesh at the international level.
he said the truth will come out if the evidence (excel sheet) given by one of the key whistle-blowers, prashant pandey, and submitted by congress general secretary digvijay singh are examined properly.
referring to 'lalitgate', scindia said, bjp is sitting on the corruption cases in madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh, rajasthan and other places.
(more) pti mas lal nsk kkm 08021302recalling the bjp's promise of clean and good governance in the run up to lok sabha elections last year, scindia said it has turned out to be hollow in the wake of corruption scandals surrounding the saffron party.
people want action now in real sense, he said.
replying to a query on the loss of crucial hours in the monsoon session due to bedlam, scindia said, in the previous 15th lok sabha, out of the total 1,340 hours, 980 hours, which amounts to nearly 70 per cent of its time, got wasted because of ruckus created by bjp on various issues.
further slamming the modi government, scindia referred to the punjab terror strike to charge that it had failed in tackling cross-border terrorism despite making tall claims in this regard during campaigning for the polls.
on the hanging of 1993 mumbai blasts convict yakub memon, scindia said his party respects the supreme court's verdict in such matters and stands by it.
he said he regretted the efforts made by some people to give a communal colour to the apex court verdict.
on the issue of the land bill, the former union minister alleged that changes were made in it by the nda dispensation to favour some industrialists.
congress's stand is clear on it.
we are firm that we will not allow any anti-farmer provision in it.
we want that the bill passed during upa regime should be implemented, he said.
modi's foreign visits cost rs 47 cr: rtishemin joy, sep 08, 2015, dhns: 0:41 istprime minister narendra modis visit to 20 countries in one year has cost the exchequer at least rs 47.
42 crore.
some of his spendings include: rs 1,048 for buying and another rs 451 for dry-cleaning his silk cloth pieces during his mongolia visit besides a spending of rs 60,027 on iphone charge and gift-wraps in new york.
the details were collected by activist commodore lokesh batra through an rti application.
the amount could rise as some bills are yet to be settled while indian missions in france, japan, sri lanka and south korea are refusing to provide details citing various reasons like collection of scattered and voluminous details would require disproportionate allocation of resources.
while the benefits of prime ministers frequent visits abroad will be known in time to come, the information i sought was supposed to be in public domain by now.
here transparency is the casualty, batra told deccan herald from the united states where he is on a visit.
one of the highest expenses incurred was in australia where the whole trip cost around rs 13 crore with hotel bills running into rs 5.
65 crore in canberra and hiring of cars at rs 2.
48 crore.
the least expense was in bhutan, modi's first destination after assuming power, at rs 41.
33 lakh.
during modis new york visit, the permanent mission of india in new york indian mission there spent rs 6.
13 crore with the consulate general spending another rs 91 lakh.
the indian embassy in washington did not provide details saying it was not readily available with them.
the break up of expenditure by permanent mission showed that national security advisor ajit doval was paid rs 48,912 as da during the visit.
in this, rs 18,342 was given for his extended stay in the us from october 1 to 3.
the room rent for the prime minister, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and other members of the vip delegation at new york palace hotel cost rs 11.
51 lakh.
in china, india spend around rs 2.
34 crore with hotel bills coming to rs 1.
06 crore and hiring of vehicles at rs 60.
88 lakh.
for interpreters, the bill ran into rs 24.
26 lakh.
though most of the missions did not provide the nitty-gritty of the spending, a close reading of some of them showed interesting details.
the mongolian mission said they spend rs 6,396 for hiring a temporary photographer while another rs 76,154 was billed for special dinner and drinks during vip visit.
the indian mission also paid rs 12,876 as penalty for the leakage of fuel from il-76.
new delhi, july 21, 2015 (ians) 17:11 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on tuesday, the first day of the monsoon session, that she was ready for a debate in parliament over congress allegations about her links with former ipl chief lalit modi.
i am ready for a debate today itself.
i asked arun jaitley to convey this to rajya sabha, the minister said in a tweet.
arun jaitley has conveyed this to the house.
we are looking forward to the opposition's response, she added.
finance minister arun jaitley too said the government was prepared for a debate.
the congress raised the lalit modi controversy in the rajya sabha and demanded a discussion on the issue and the suspension of the scheduled business.
congress leader anand sharma said: the government is answerable to the house.
rajya sabha witnessed several adjournments on demands for resignations of sushmaswaraj swaraj and some other bjp leaders, while lok sabha was adjourned for the day after obituary references, including to dileep singh bhuria of the bharatiya janata party.
floor managers devise strategy to prevent monsoon session washoutnew delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:02 istwith 25 congress mps in the lok sabha suspended on monday for disrupting the house, a section of floor managers of the modi government are hopeful of pushing through some pending bills already passed by the rajya sabha, during the next five days.
the government may also use this window to allow external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to make a statement on the lalitgate row, which she did amidst disruptions in the rajya sabha on monday morning.
but, the floor managers hope hinges on strategy adopted by other non-nda parties which have not joined the congress-led protest inside both the houses seeking resignation of swaraj and two chief ministers - vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan - before taking up a debate on lalitgate and vyapam scam.
if the bjd, aiadmk and sp boycott proceedings or prevent routine business in the lok sabha, it would be difficult for the government to push their immediate legislative agenda.
after the lok sabha was adjourned for the day, swaraj met speaker sumitra mahajan at her parliament office.
later, she also had a meeting with parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu and bjp chief whip of the lower house arjun meghwal.
bjp sources said the government might also use this opportunity to clear the air of congress propaganda against swaraj, accusing her of involvement in getting travel documents for disgraced former ipl chief lalit modi.
many opposition parties in the lok sabha  sp, bjd, aiadmk and nc - are not averse to such a situation as the bjp argued that even when they were in opposition they had allowed a three-day discussion on charges faced by former telecom minister a raja before seeking his resignation.
among the bills cleared by the rajya sabha but pending before the lok sabha are, the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) amendment bill, 2014 and the delhi high court (amendment) bill, 2015.
besides, the demands for grants for railways are yet to be passed by the lower house.
both bills were listed for discussion and passage on monday as a face saver as the government is staring at a parliament washout with the monsoon session slated to end on august 13.
centre appears to be having rethink of land acquisition ordinancenew delhi, feb 21, 2015 (pti): 3:20 istthe centre appears to be having a rethink on the land acquisition ordinance to accommodate the concerns of farmers, claimed members of a delegation which called on senior ministers to discuss the issue.
the delegation of farmer leaders from various organisations met home minister rajnath singh at his residence and expressed their concerns about the changes made in the land acquisiiton law by the ordinance.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rural development minister birender singh were also present in the meeting.
the meeting comes against the backdrop of protests against the ordinance by famers' groups, including those affiliated to rss, and opposition parties as the government remained firm to go ahead with a bill in the budget session to seek parliamentary nod for the contentious ordinance.
while the ministers refrained from speaking to the media, farmer leaders yudhvir singh of bhartiya kisan union, krishan bir chaudhary of bhartiya krishak samaj and punit singh thind of rashtriya kisan sangathan told reporters that they are confident that the bjp government will listen to their grievances and make suitable changes in the law.
we (farmer groups) were assured by ministers that the government will take into account our concerns.
we have told them that the ordinance was brought in haste and interests of farmers were ignored.
ministers heard us patiently.
from our talks today, we are confident that our voice will be heard.
the ministers said the voice of farmers should have been heard.
we have got positive signals, bku general secretary yudhvir singh said.
chaudhary said another meeting of farmers' bodies have been called on monday where they will formalise their demands and present them to the government.
it is not a matter of political parties.
we cannot compromise on our interests.
the home minister himself hails from a farmer's family,he said.
farmer leaders said their main concerns include doing away with the consent clause and social impact survey in the land acquisition process.
in december last, the government had promulgated the ordinance making significant changes in the land act including removal of consent clause for acquiring land for five areas -- industrial corridors, ppp projects, rural infrastructure, affordable housing and defence.
sources in the government earlier in the day indicated that it is unlikely to make any change in the controversial land ordinance while bringing a bill to replace it with an act of parliament during the budget session, despite widespread protests by opposition parties and farmers' groups.
about 5,000 farmers from across the country have begun a march from palwal in haryana and will reach jantar mantar in the national capital in the next four days to hold a protest.
congress vice president rahul gandhi, who had earlier pushed for the land act in 2013, will also address a dharna at jantar mantar on february 25.
congress leader and former rural development minister jairam ramesh too will address a farmers' meet in chauroli village of gautambudh nagar in up on sunday.
noted social activist anna hazare, along with members of several farmers' organisations, is scheduled to hold a two-day protest against the ordinance at jantar mantar.
aam aadmi party has also expressed willingness to join hazare's protest beginning monday if the social activist wants it to do so.
london, jun 16, 2015 (pti) 18:22 istthe uk today said it had acted appropriately and in accordance with rules when issuing travel documents to scam-tainted former ipl chairman lalit modi.
we do not routinely comment on the detail of individual cases.
this case was determined in accordance with the appropriate rules, a uk home office spokesperson said.
the department also confirmed to pti that the uk's permanent secretary is satisfied that sarah rapson, the director-general of uk visas and immigration, acted appropriately and professionally in handling this case.
rapson was the senior official who received correspondence from indian-origin mp keith vaz in relation to expediting paperwork for london-based modi to be able to travel to portugal in june last year.
the indian premier league (ipl) founder is at the heart of a controversy which has engulfed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over accusations that she put diplomatic pressure on uk authorities to secure travel papers for modi to visit portugal, purportedly for his wife's cancer treatment.
modi had come to london in 2010 amid claims that the ipl cricket tournament was embroiled in alleged match-fixing and illegal betting.
his indian passport was later revoked, leaving him grounded in the uk.
a series of 'sunday times' reports have alleged impropriety on the part of vaz, who also made a reference to swaraj in one of his uk home office emails.
kathryn hudson, britain's parliamentary commissioner for standards, yesterday confirmed that she will not be investigating vaz over the issue.
the commissioner received a complaint (against keith vaz) last week, but has decided not to investigate into it, a spokesperson for the parliamentary commissioner for standards had said.
however, the row continues to brew in india as the opposition demands swaraj's resignation.
modi has always denied any wrongdoing and says he left india for britain because of death threats.
shortly after he received his uk travel documents in 2014 after a lengthy legal battle with the uk home office, he had described vaz as a superstar.
pak baby gets visa, another pakistani asked to get aziz's nodpress trust of india, islamabad/new delhi, jun 2 2017, 19:27 istken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
image courtesy twitter.
india has issued a medical visa to a two-and-a-half-month-old baby from pakistan, suffering from a heart disease, after his father sought intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj's intervention came after the infant's father brought the matter to her notice on twitter.
earlier this week, ken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
the child will not suffer.
please contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa, she had said.
the family had been trying to get a visa for three months.
it is heartening to see humanity prevailing despite many differences.
thank you for your efforts.
humanity prevails!
god bless everyone, the child's father tweeted.
an official at the indian high commission said that a four-month medical visa has been issued to the family so that the boy could undergo heart surgery in india.
i am sorry to know that your father requires liver transplant.
it appears there is some misunderstanding, swaraj tweeted, and added we have not refused a medical visa.
if mr.@sartajaziz recommends your case, we will give the visa immediately.
so instead of requesting me, please request mr @sartajaziz.
she was responding to a tweet by one mazhar hussain, who said, @sushmaswaraj dear madam!
i'm a lawyer from pakistan, my father needs urgent visa for liver transplant in india.
please help us.
in the aftermath of kulbhushan jadhav episode, india had said, we have suggested that their foreign minister or foreign affairs advisor sartaz aziz give a recommendation letter and it will be cleared immediately, without any delay, adding the insistence on a recommendation letter would enable to ascertain that the requests received from pakistan are genuine.
ailing pakistanis frequently to travel to india on medical visas to seek treatment for complicated health problems.
indian hospitals have previously reported receiving around 500 patients from pakistan every month.
many of the unwell needed a liver transplant, which costs between rs 2-3 million.
in 2015, five-year-old basma from pakistan had been granted a visa to india for an emergency liver transplant surgery.
there are now many tales like hers, sometimes with footnotes on how the travelling patients were helped financially by indians.
however, the visa process for travellers who want to visit india for medical reasons has slowed amid rising tensions between the two countries over a number of reasons, including the issue of cross-border terrorism and pakistani military sentencing to death indian national jadhav on charges of espionage.
last updated: 28 may, 2011bangalore.
may 28, dhns: 21:50 istthe centre can impose presidents rule in the state, if the state government ignores the advisory sent to it recently under article 355 of the constitution, senior congress leader b janardhan poojary said on saturday.
speaking to reporters, poojary said that the damocles sword still hangs on chief minister b s yeddyurappa and suggested him not to ignore the advisory of the centre.
poojary said yeddyurappa was jittery over the centres directions and warned the chief minister that the centre had powers to dismiss the government.
commenting on statements of bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj that she was not responsible for the reddy brothers political clout, he said the bjp leaders at the centre were competing for the post of prime minister in future.
sushma does not want her name to be associated with the reddy brothers, so that she can claim to be free from corruption, he said.
poojary also questioned anna hazare, campaigning against corruption in the city, as to why he was not commenting on corruption in karnataka.
poojary said not a single statement had been issued by the gandhian regarding the corruption in the state.
didnt the lokayukta santosh hegde or shanti bhushan brief him about the situation in the state?
, asked the congress leader.
he asked hazare to speak about this before he leaves bangalore.
uk rules out probing vaz over complaint about helping lalit modilondon, jun 15, 2015, (pti); 19:09 istindian-origin labour mp keith vaz, who is embroiled in a major row involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over helping scam-tainted former ipl chief lalit modi to obtain british travel documents, will not be probed in britain for a complaint in this regard.
kathryn hudson, britain's parliamentary commissioner for standards, has decided not to investigate the complaint against vaz that he helped modi get travel documents to go to portugal, purportedly for his wife's cancer treatment in june last year.
the commissioner received a complaint (against keith vaz) last week, but has decided not to investigate into it, a spokeswoman for the parliamentary commissioner for standards told pti here today.
according to british media which quoted leaked emails, vaz cited external affairs minister swaraj's name to put pressure on uk's top immigration official to grant british travel papers to modi, who subsequently got the documents in less than 24 hours.
vaz, 58, declined to comment today on the decision of the parliamentary commissioner for standards, saying i am saying nothing.
parliament 'washout' session endsnew delhi: august 14, 2015, dhns 2:47 istit was curtains on the four-week long monsoon session of parliament on thursday which was marked by disruptions rather than debate between the congress and the bjp-led national democratic alliance (nda) government.
the scenes of acrimony spilled on to the streets with the congress and bjp staging tit-for-tat protests within parliament premises blaming each other for not passing legislations.
as the house convened on july 21, the government appeared to be on the back foot with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two bjp chief ministers  vasundhara raje of rajasthan and shivraj singh chouhan of madhya pradesh  facing allegations of impropriety.
the congress made the most of it by stalling both houses almost every single day leading to a washout and delaying crucial laws such as the goods and service tax bill and amendments to the land acquisition bill.
the only saving grace for the government was the transaction of financial business and passage of some minor legislations, but this came with a price  boycott of the lok sabha proceedings by all opposition parties, barring the aiadmk and the bjd, to protest the suspension of 25 congress members for creating unruly scenes in the house.
minutes before the lok sabha and the rajya sabha was adjourned sine die on thursday, congress mps and friendly parties staged a walkout from both the houses raising slogans against the government and demanding prime minister narendra modis response on lalitgate and vyapam controversies.
members of the congress, ncp, left parties, trinamool congress, iuml, sp and the jd(u) did not return to parliament for the customary valedictory address by the presiding officers of the respective houses.
they staged demonstrations in parliament premises raising slogans and waving placards against the government.
not to be left behind, modi and bjp president amit shah addressed a meeting of nda members and later took out a march within parliament premises to protest against the congresss politics of disruption.
bjp veteran l k advani, senior ministers, including rajnath singh, m venkaiah naidu and ravi shankar prasad, walked the 200 metre distance from parliament house to vijay chowk waving placards against the congress.
the bjp also decided to take the battle against the congress and the left to their respective parliament constituencies.
modi issued directions to party mps to extensively tour the 53 constituencies of the congress and the left members to tell voters how their representatives paralysed parliament without reason.
addressing a press conference, finance minister arun jaitley said one union minister and four mps from the nda will hold public meetings and events in the constituencies of 44 congress mps and 9 from the left parties.
the congress fielded its vice-president rahul gandhi and former union minister p chidambaram to counter the bjps allegations on the bofors scandal and dared the prime minister to bring controversial former ipl commissioner lalit modi back to india.
lalitgate: cong says no deal offer to governmentnew delhi, july 1, 2015, (pti) 11:37 istcongress today dismissed as totally baseless and mischievous reports that it had offered a deal to government under which it was ready to support passage of gst bill in parliament if it axed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the wake of the lalitgate controversy.
aicc communication department chief randeep surjewala said, sacking swaraj and raje are issues of righteousness, impropriety and holding modi government accountable to their promise of not shielding black money hoarders of the ilk of lalit modi.
question of quid pro quo on this all pervading issue of morality and constitutional accountability does not arise, he said.
rejecting the reports, senior party leader jairam ramesh sadi they are totally baseless and mischievous.
according to reports in a section of the media, congress has come forward with a proposal for thegovernment  axe swarajandrajeover lalit modirow and get support forgoods and services tax billin parliament.
the reports said the centre has rejected the offer from congress which has kept up the pressure on the nda government over 'lalitgate'.
it said the modi government has outrightly rejected congress' offer, saying there is no question of any deal with the congress in parliament session, be it on gst or land acquisition bill.
instead, the bjp has agreed for a debate on any contentious issue.
the monsoon session of parliament, which is set to commence on july 21, is expected to be a stormy affair with congress giving more than ample indications of disruptions if government fails to take action on the lalitgate issue.
congress has been demanding resignations of swaraj and raje over lalit modi controversy, of hrd minister smriti irani for allegedly misrepresenting facts about her educational qualification in separate election affidavits, and of maharashtra minister pankaja munde for her clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on a single day instead of inviting tenders in violation of norms.
guwahati/new delhi, dec 25, 2014, dhns: 3:34 isthome minister tells assam govt to take stern action against ndfb(s) factionhome minister rajnath singh on thursday announced zero tolerance against bodo militants in assam, saying that they would be treated like terrorists.
after visiting the affected districts of sonitpur and kokrajhar two days after the nation was shocked by the cold-blooded massacre of 78 people, singh ruled out any dialogue with the militant ndfb(s) outfit, which was behind the violence, and directed the assam government to start taking action against the perpetrators of terror.
he also assured the state of central assistance to fight terror, which could even extend to pressing the army into action, though the ministry of home affairs has already sent 50 companies of paramilitary forces to the state.
i have spoken to the assam chief minister (tarun gogoi), and we have decided to investigate the entire incident by the national investigation agency.
we want to understand the links of such groups.
we want to know with whom they have connections, singh told reporters at a press conference in guwahati.
singh said he was informed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that one of the premiers of bhutan and myanmar has promised cooperation for flushing out terrorists from their territories.
prime minister narendra modi has taken serious note of the incident, and announced rs 2 lakh each for the kin of the deceased, said the minister.
he has also announced rs 50,000 which will be paid from the prime ministers national relief fund to those seriously injured.
the prime minister wants to work for the country and this region.
some forces like this are interfering with it.
but we will win over these forces.
such incidents are challenges for the nation, said singh.
the home minister said the centre is treating the incident with utmost seriousness, as such incidents are a challenge to the nation.
we cannot overlook it as a simple act of militancy.
it is an act of terror.
both the central and the state government will deal with it the way terrorism is dealt with, he said.
on tuesday, heavily armed militants swooped down on remote adivasi villages, killing 37 people in sonitpur district, 25 in kokrajhar and three in chirang.
singh was not willing to treat the killings as another bout of ethnic clashes, which the state believes.
he said: terrorists do not have religion, caste and region.
they are only terrorists.
before flying to assam, singh convened a high-level meeting, attended by senior officials from intelligence agencies and the home and defence ministries, to assess the situation.
it was decided in this meeting to take the bodo militants head on.
nda should not try to settle scores of public life: vaghelaahmedabad, jun 18, 2015 (pti) 16:39 istformer union minister shankarsinh vaghela, against whom cbi filed an fir for selling ntc land allegedly at throwaway prices, today warned the prime minister narendra modi-led nda government not to settle scores of public life.
nda should not try to settle scores of public life.
today they are there (in power) and tomorrow, someone else will be there and nobody will be spared, from prime minister to chief minister or the entire cabinet, skeletons will come out from their cupboards also, vaghela, the leader of opposition in gujarat assembly, told reporters here.
they should not waste time in such activities rather they should do some positive work, the congress leader said.
the cbi had yesterday filed an fir against vaghela and six others for sale of national textile corporation's land in mumbai to a kolkata-based private firm, causing an alleged loss of rs 709 crore to public exchequer.
the central probe agency had also raided his house in gandhinagar along with eight other places in the country.
vaghela had started his political career with the bjp.
he along with modi and former chief minister keshubhai patel had helped bjp come to power in the state for the first time in 1995.
but due to his difference with modi and patel, vaghela split from the bjp in 1996 to become gujarat's chief minister.
however, in the 1998 election, he badly lost to the bjp and merged his party with congress.
vaghela, who is a bitter rival of modi in state politics since then, reiterated that he did no wrong and his life is like an open book.
this vindictiveness is not good.
the people in public life should not throw stones on others if they themselves live in glass houses.
they threw stones at my home, but did not get anything.
my life is like an open book, i did not do any illegitimate transactions, he said.
when asked if cbi was going through the documents belonging to him, vaghela said, i will tell two things about documents.
one is my bank account, which is like public document.
that consists of my transactions details.
my trust is working and a foundation is also working.
this is known to everyone.
i pay instalments of rs 7 crore loan to union bank, which is due for this month.
apart from that, it is donation which has been given by people.
this is what it is, he said.
there is nothing confidential.
people in public life should not live with double standards.
therefore any party can neither blackmail nor bargain with you, he said.
taking a jibe, vaghela claimed that the whole congress party is with him like the entire bjp and rss are with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in connection with the lalit modi issue.
i have talked to every one (congress leader), including ahmed patel, rahul gandhi.
party president sonia gandhi was out somewhere, so could not talk to her, chidambaram talked in press yesterday, aicc spokesperson randip surjewala talked about it.
bharatsinh and siddharth patel visited me today.
so the entire party is behind me, the leader asserted.
if sushmaswaraj is culprit and even though the entire bjp and rss are saying that we are one, same thing applies to congress, the party is behind me, they (congress leaders) are saying we are with vaghela.
there is no question of private transaction.
this is subject of open transaction, he said.
vaghela said he will decide further course of legal action in next four to five days.
they filed the fir but i do not know what is there in the fir.
i will try to get the copy of that fir through my lawyer in four-five days.
everything is in mumbai cbi, he said.
one should be legally sound when nda government is trying to settle scores with someone, vaghela quipped.
abuja/new delhi, mar 30, 2017, (pti) 13:43 istnigeria has called in the indian envoy in the country to register its protest over an attack on four nigerian students in greater noida and sought diligent prosecution against the perpetrators.
the permanent secretary, ministry of foreign affairs, olushola enikanolaiye, sought action by the indian government at a meeting with indian high commissioner to nigeria nagabushana reddy in abuja yesterday, state-run news agency of nigeria (nan) reported.
the nigerian students were allegedly attacked by people during a candle-light march for a 17-year-old indian boy, who died of suspected drug overdose last week in greater noida.
the boy's parents alleged that the foreigners had kidnapped him and given him drugs which led to his death.
enikanolaiye said the call for the prosecution of culprits was necessary to serve as a deterrent to others, the report said today.
we want to see diligent prosecution so that it would serve as a deterrent to those who think they can take laws into their hands and harass students who are going about their studies.
that is why we felt we should register our concern to you on this occasion, and to please ask your government to take effective measures that this does not occur again, he said.
he said the indian high commissioner was called in to register the nigerian government's concern over the incident.
he expressed concern that the incident was not the first of its kind as nigerians had been attacked in the past by indians.
it is therefore, a concern to us that nigerian students in that place were harassed, beaten up and many of them were seriously injured.
we think this should not have happened considering the excellent relationship between two of us  the two countries have things in common and have been great friends, it quoted enikanolaye as saying.
sushma to visit maldivesnew delhi, oct 09, 2015, dhns: 0:53 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit the maldives on sunday to revive a bilateral mechanism for dialogue between new delhi and the neighbouring indian ocean archipelago.
swaraj and maldivian foreign minister dunya maumoon would co-chair a meeting of india-maldives joint commission in male.
she will also call on maldivian president abdulla yameen.
she is also scheduled to meet economic development minister, defence minister and health minister of the maldives, said external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup.
the last meeting of india-maldives joint commission was held in 2000.
the bilateral mechanism is being revived after 15 years.
swarajs two-day visit to male comes close on the heels of a conclusion by the united nations working group on arbitrary detention that maldives former president mohamed nasheed, who was sentenced to 13 years in prison after being found guilty of terrorism, had not received a fair trial.
as the largest democracy of the world, india has always supported political pluralism and democracy in the country, said swarup.
we expect this situation to be handled in accordance with laws and rules of maldives and hope that the outcome would be seen by everybody as being fair and just.
i think that is the most important thing, he said.
srinagar/new delhi, jul 12, 2016 (pti) 18:40 istkashmir today saw sporadic violence which left one person dead, raising the toll to 25, even as prime minister narendra modi reviewed the situation and appealed for calm with the hope that no innocent person would face an inconvenience or suffer any loss.
one person was killed in firing by security forces on a mob in kupwara district of kashmir, police sources said.
there were some other incidents of violence, including a militant strike on a police post and a mob attack on the family of a police officer in which his wife and daughter were injured.
in delhi, modi held a high-level meeting to review the kashmir situation soon after his return from his five-day africa visit.
it was attended by home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, defence minister manohar parrikar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security adviser ajit doval.
the prime minister voiced concern over the situation in the state where the death toll rose to 25 in the violent protests and clashes with security forces, triggered by the killing of hizbul militant commander burhan wani last friday.
he (pm) has appealed to the people of jammu and kashmir to maintain peace so that the situation can normalise.
he (pm) also expressed hope that no innocent person should face any kind of inconvenience or loss, minister of state in the prime minister's office jitendra singh said after the meeting.
modi said the centre will provide whatever help is needed by the state government, according to jitendra singh.
the prime minister also expressed satisfaction over the progress of the amarnath yatra.
the prime minister was given a detailed presentation of the situation prevailing in the valley.
the prime minister kept taking updates about the jammu and kashmir situation during his visit abroad.
the biggest evidence of his concern is that he called this review meeting within hours of returning from the tour and took details, singh told reporters.
in kashmir, while normal life remained paralysed, unidentified militants targeted a police post in sopore, about 55 kms from srinagar, firing seven to eight rounds but no one was injured.
in another incident, unidentified persons hurled a petrol bomb towards security forces posted on law and order duty in noorbagh area of srinagar, an official said, adding nobody was injured in this too.
in awantipora area of pulwama in south kashmir, a mob beat up and injured wife and daughter of a police sub- inspector mohammad ashraf pal and damaged his house.
the injured were shifted to sub district hospital awantipora where their condition is stated to be stable.
pal, who is posted as duty officer at sangam police post in bibjehara area of anantnag district, was not at home at the time of the attack, which follows a series of attacks on police personnel and installations since the killing hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani on last friday.
meanwhile, restrictions continued on the movement of people in srinagar and four districts of south kashmir, officials said.
the strike called by the separatist groups also affected normal life in the valley.
the separatist groups yesterday extended the strike call till july 13 to coincide with the 85th anniversary of those who laid down their lives fighting the aristocratic rule in the state in 1931.
shops, private offices, business establishments and petrol pumps remained shut, while government offices and banks witnessed thin attendance, the officials said.
public transport was completely off the roads for the fourth consecutive day, while private cars and auto-rickshaws were seen plying at few places in the areas where there were no restrictions, they said.
educational institutions in the valley were closed on account of the ongoing summer vacations, while central university of kashmir (cuk), kashmir university, islamic university of science and technology (iust) and jammu and kashmir board of school education (jkbose) have postponed the examinations due to the prevailing situation.
the separatist groups earlier on friday had called for a one-day strike following wani s killing.
the strike was then extended for two more days to protest the killings of civilians in firing allegedly by security forces.
the shutdown call was again extended yesterday.
most of the separatist leaders, including syed ali shah geelani, mirwaiz umer farooq and mohammad yasin malik, are either in custody or house arrest.
why pakistan army creates rogue teams to mutilate bodies?
shekhar iyer, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 19:41 istthese teams act under instructions from the military brass in islamabad when it wants to rev up tension along the border with acts of brutality, indian security officials say.
pti file photopakistan army has created a number of rogue teams --a mix of its regular special services group commandos and hardened terrorists --to carry out such dastardly acts like mutilations of enemy soliders after they are killed.
these teams act under instructions from the military brass in islamabad when it wants to rev up tension along the border with acts of brutality, indian security officials say.
these killer gangs operate under the banner of what pakistani military calls border action teams or bat.
they seek to dominate through surreptitious raids along the line of control (loc) in jammu and kashmir.
these men are supposed to be well trained in guerrilla tactics.
they are sent to act in small groups of four to ten consisting of the special troops, accompanied by equally highly trained terrorists for carrying out small-scale disruptive actions.
hardcore islamist terrorists are essentially roped in for two reasons: for carrying out brutalities and, in case of capture at the indians' hand, they can easily be disowned as non-state actors.
one such team was involved in the mutilation of bodies of head constable prem sagar of 200th battalion of the bsf and naib subedar paramjeet singh of 22 sikh of the army on may 1, indian officials say.
they were first killed when their 10-member patrol party was attacked by the rogue team that is suspected to have sneaked 200 metres into indian territory in krishna ghati sector in poonch district.
of course, like in previous instances, pakistan army has stoutly denied any involvement.
it's a standard practice to claim that its army is a professional military outfit that upholds the highest standards of conduct.
allegations of mutilation are an indian attempt to divert the attention of the world from the situation within the (india-held kashmir) valley, according to a statement by inter-services public relations (ispr), pakistan armys media affairs wing.
as the director generals military operations (dgmo) of both countries spoke on hotline on tuesday, the pakistani commander told his indian counterpart that there had been no ceasefire violation or crossing of the loc by pakistani troops from the pakistan side of the border, and hence the mutilation of the bodies of indian soldiers was not possible.
but indian officials have pointed out that it's not the first time such a ghastly incident has happened or pakistan army has taken recourse to outright denials.
during the 1999 kargil war, the infamous incident of the killing of captain sourabh kalia and his troops hit headlines.
captain kalia was held as a war prisioner (pow) by pakistan.
he along with five other soldiers, who were part of a patrolling team, were tortured brutally and his badly mutilated body was handed over to india.
in february 2000, pakistani terrorists and al-qaida member illyas kashmiri beheaded a 24-year-old sepoy bhausaheb maruti talekar and took back his head to pakistan.
during january 2013, the bodies of two indian soldiers - lance naik hemraj and lance naik sudhakar singh  were mutilated.
this incident had prompted sushmaswaraj swaraj who was leader of opposition in lok sabha to declare that if pakistan does not return the severed head of the martyred soldier hemraj, india should get at least 10 heads from the other side.
on october 28, 2016, terrorists aided by the pakistan army crossed the loc and killed sepoy mandeep singh, and mutilated his body in the macchil sector of kupwara district.
on november 22, 2016, three indian soldiers were killed in the macchil sector near loc.
but the body of rifleman prabhu singh was again mutilated.
lalit modi offered board position to sushma's husbandnew delhi, jul 1, 2015 (dhns) 0:31 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was again targeted by the opposition after reports emerged that former ipl chief lalit modi had offered her husband a position on the board of one of his companies, indofil.
the opposition renewed its attack on swaraj with the congress saying that the job offer to the ministers husband swaraj kaushal was a quid pro quo deal for facilitating his travel documents to the uk.
a news channel reported that kaushal  who has been lalits lawyer for over 20 years  was offered the post of alternate director on the board of directors of indofil industries in april.
however, kaushal had declined the offer.
lalits father k k modi, the chairman-cum-managing director of indofil confirmed that such an offer was made but added that the proposal was withdrawn before it was considered by the board.
the latest revelations brought the focus of the opposition attack back on the external affairs minister, who had admitted to have helped lalit get travel papers from the uk on humanitarian grounds.
lalit is under the scanner of the enforcement directorate for allegations of money laundering.
the renewed attack on swaraj comes at a time when there was a perception building up that the opposition was going soft on the minister and targeting rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for backing lalits immigration appeal to the uk.
the congress claims that the then upa government had told the uk government that facilitating lalits travel documents would affect bilateral relations.
it claims that swaraj had unilaterally overturned this decision without even informing her ministry.
yes with a capital yes, singhvi said when asked whether the congress was saying that the job offer was a quid pro quo deal for facilitating lalits travel papers.
the bjp rejected the congresss charges contending that the allegations do not stand as kaushal had rejected the offer.
when he turned down the offer, what is the problem?
swaraj kaushal has not hidden his professional links to lalit modi, said bjp spokesman g v l narasimha rao.
senior congress leader randeep singh surjewala accused the bjp of practising a policy of releasing criminals, terrorists and fugitives on humanitarian grounds.
he said the then foreign minister jaswant singh had escorted terrorist maulana masood azhar to kandahar.
demanding the sacking of swaraj, he reminded the prime minister that the congress had adhered to the highest standards of propriety by asking for resignation of madhavsinh solanki and natwar singh when allegations were made against them while they were external affairs ministers.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury demanded a court-appointed probe into the matter.
don't want ties to be held hostage to kashmir issue: pak envoyhyderabad, nov 16, 2014 (ians): 22:53 istpakistan high commissioner abdul basit sunday said his country doesn't like the relationship with india to be held hostage to the jammu and kashmir issue but both countries should make sincere efforts to resolve the problem.
expressing the hope that the bilateral talks will resume, he said at the end of the day the two countries will have to talk to each other.
both our countries do recognise that jammu and kashmir is a problem which needs to be resolved.
as part of dialogue process in the past we have been trying to resolve it.
one would hope the problem is resolved to our mutual satisfaction and resolved in just and fair manner, he said during an interaction with the media at the hyderabad press club.
there are other issues our countries have been talking about.
there are 10 segments within the framework of composite dialogue and jammu and kashmir is one of them.
we would not like our relationship to be held hostage to one single issue but we would like to talk.
sincere efforts should be made to resolve the issue and both countries need to do it, he said.
let us hope because at the end of the day we will have to talk to each other.
it may not happen this year.
it may not happen next year but at the end of day, our two countries will be talking to each other, he added.
about 20 years ago, pakistan used to have pre-conditions for talks.
first resolve jammu and kashmir dispute then we will talk.
.
.
but that did not work.
we have to talk to each other with an open mind, the high commissioner said when asked about the modi government's stand that pakistan should decide whether it wants to hold talks with india or kashmiri separatists.
india called off talks between foreign secretaries in august after the pakistani high commissioner held meetings with kashmiri separatist leaders.
concurring with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement that there are no full stops in diplomacy, he hoped that process of dialogue will resume.
jammu and kashmir is a part of composite dialogue.
whenever the dialogue process is resumed, we will be able to build on the past achievements and move forward.
it is in our mutual interest.
it is not that my country is doing favour to india or india doing favour to pakistan.
peace is in mutual interest.
it is also in regional interest, he said.
when asked about ceasefire violations by pakistan, basit said: obviously our position is different.
he stressed the need for both the countries to adhere to all agreements and declarations made in the past.
he also underlined the need for focusing on positivity.
there is too much negativity in our bilateral narrative.
unless we think positive, things will not move forward.
if we start thinking positive about each other we can also create opportunities and find solutions to our problems, he added.
he urged the indian media not to look at pakistan through past prism which is no more valid.
he claimed that pakistan has progressed in many ways with a vibrant civil society, free media, active ngos and advocacy groups.
evading reply to a query as to why pakistan continues to harbour dawood ibrahim and hafiz saeed, the pakistani envoy claimed that pakistan is suffering from terrorism since soviet occupation of afghanistan back in 1979.
he said pakistan lost 55,000 innocent civilians in suicide bombings since 2004.
he also referred to a report by the world bank that pakistan incurred losses of $1 billion in last 12 to 13 years.
stating that the present governments of both the countries have the agenda of economic development, he said there was no reason why the two neighbours work together to overcome the challenges.
the pakistani envoy said it was unfortunate that when globalisation is taking place and regions are coming together, south asia is lagging far behind in terms of economic cooperation.
the intra regional trade in south asia is just 4 to 5 percent, against 55 percent in european union and 25 to 30 percent in asean.
terming the current bilateral trade of $2.
3 billion as miniscule when compared to the potential, he felt that this can be immediately enhance d to $5 to 10 billion.
india, thailand ink double taxation dealnew delhi, june 29, 2015, dhns: 0:48 istindia on monday inked an agreement with thailand for avoidance of double taxation and prevention of tax evasion.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and gen tanasak patimapragorn, deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of thailand, signed the agreement in bangkok after they co-chaired the meeting of india-thailand joint commission.
the agreement will provide the framework to avoid double taxation and prevention of fiscal evasion with respect to taxes on income so as to promote economic cooperation between india and thailand, official sources in the ministry of external affairs (mea) said.
india and thailand also ratified the extradition treaty inked by the two countries during the then prime minister manmohan singhs visit to bangkok in 2013.
swarajs meeting with patimapragorn also followed an exchange of instruments of ratification of the extradition treaty, which will provide the legal framework for seeking extradition of fugitive offenders, including those involved in terrorism, transnational crimes and economic offences.
the treaty provides for the extradition of any person who is wanted for trial or for the imposition or enforcement of a sentence by one contracting state and is found in the territory of the other contracting state.
india rushes to help quake-hit nepalnew delhi, apr 25, 2015, dhns: 2:19 istaircraft carrying aid materials, ndrf personnel and mobile hospital already sentindia on saturday rushed to help nepal, with prime minister narendra modi speaking to leaders of the neighbouring country soon after it was hit by a massive earthquake.
he subsequently sent four aircraft with relief and rescue materials as well as national disaster response force (ndrf) personnel.
the indian air force (iaf) will also deploy at least five helicopters on sunday to support the nepalese governments rescue and relief efforts.
at least 250 indian citizens stranded in nepal were being evacuated on saturday, while more are likely to be brought home in the coming days.
nepals pain is our pain, said modi, after instructing the ministry of external affairs (mea) and other wings of the central government to do all they could to help the neighbouring country, where india competes with china for clout.
i have spoken to nepals president (ram baran yadav) and prime minister (sushil koirala), and assured them that this country of 125 crore is with you, said modi on saturday evening, after conferring the 2014 jnanpith award on marathi author bhalchandra nemade.
both the mea and embassy of india in kathmandu have set up control rooms with dedicated phone numbers to help rescue and relief operations as well as evacuation of indians from nepal.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was interacting with anxious members of the families of indians stranded in nepal, and sought their help so that indian embassy officials could locate them.
a c-130 transport aircraft of the iafwith three tonnes of relief materials, 36 ndrf personnel and a mobile hospital with doctors and paramedicslanded at tribhuvan international airport in kathmandu within a few hours of the quake.
though the airport was closed for commercial flights immediately after the quake, the iaf sent two c-17 aircraft from the hindon airbase in uttar pradesh.
another aircraft would take off from bhatinda in punjab, said foreign secretary s jaishankar.
all the aircraft are carrying rescue and relief materials and ndrf personnel, he said, adding that they would also carry out aerial reconnaissance to assess the extent of devastation around kathmandu.
new delhi will send a special engineering team to kathmandu to help rescue operations, said the foreign secretary.
he also advised indians stranded in nepal or their families in india to contact the control rooms at the indian embassy in kathmandu and the mea headquarters in new delhi.
indias ties with nepal have been among the priorities of the modi governments foreign policy.
the prime minister visited nepal twice within just six months after taking chargefirst in august for a bilateral visit and then in november to attend the 18th saarc summit.
the august visit was in fact the first by an indian prime minister in 17 years.
the magnitude of the earthquake has disturbed the heart.
the extent of the damage is not yet known.
may god give them the strength to deal with the situation, said modi, who has been in touch with new delhis envoy to kathmandu, ranjit rae, to personally monitor indias efforts to help nepal.
kathmandus ambassador-designate to new delhi, deep kumar upadhyay, said the people and government of nepal were thankful to india for rushing to help in this hour of crisis.
he said his country would need more mobile medical units from india, besides other assistance.
the prime ministers office also got in touch with embassy of india in thimphu immediately after the quake to check if bhutan required any assistance from india.
the bhutanese government, however, informed the indian embassy in thimphu that no casualty or major damage had been reported there after the quake.
los angeles, nov 15, 2015, (pti) 11:26 istthe terror assaults in france have cast a shadow over the regional pravasi bharatiya divas here with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was on her way to the us to inaugurate the event, returning to india from mid-way in the wake of the attacks.
the regional pravasi bharatiya divas kicked off yesterday with hundreds of attendees honouring the victims of the horrific attacks with a minute's silence.
swaraj, who was on her way to the us, returned to new delhi from mid-way in view of the paris terror attacks.
officials in new delhi said swaraj, who had a transit halt at dubai on her way to the us, came back from there itself after hearing about the attacks in paris that claimed over 120 lives.
gen (rtd) v k singh, the minister of state for external affairs, is now expected to attend the two-day event.
as the nearly 1,000 indian-americans attending the two-day event in los angeles mourned the loss of lives in the paris terror attacks, top american lawmaker from california brad sherman said the attack in the french capital had all the hallmarks of the mumbai terror attack that was launched in november 2008 by lashkar-e-taiba with the support of the pakistani army and its intelligence agencies.
today we should take a moment to reflect the attacks in paris, new york, iraq.
.
.
and mumbai.
the paris attack is based on model of the mumbai terrorist attack, said sherman, a former chairman of the house foreign affairs sub-committee on terrorism.
the paris and mumbai attacks have shown how a small group of people can create havoc in a city.
attack on mumbai was supported by let, pakistan army and its intelligence agency.
the planning for this took several years, he said adding that now isis has adopted the mumbai model in paris.
we have to stand up to terrorism to say enough is enough, sherman said.
in his address at the event, indian ambassador to the us arun k singh said there is an increasing desire among the indian-americans to connect with india.
among the indian diaspora, there is consciousness about the growing opportunities in india, he said.
referring to the steps taken by the narendra modi-led government in the last 18 months, the ambassador said with the changes happening in india there are growing opportunities in the country.
in the first six months of this year, india received the maximum fdi.
india also topped the degree of confidence index this year, he said .
indian-americans, singh said, have been contributing a lot to the development of both india and the united states.
the indian government yesterday announced new internship programme for indian-americans youths in india.
indian american community is playing an essential role in america in every way, said congresswoman judy chu, chairman of the powerful asian pacific american caucus.
at the event, kali p chaudhuri, chairman and founder of the kpc group of companies, was presented with the nri of the year award.
the indian consul general at the indian consulate in san francisco venkatesan ashok also spoke on the occasion.
anil k agarwal, secretary in the ministry of overseas indian affairs, said the indian diaspora is making a very important contribution to the india-us relationship.
noting that somewhere deep in the heart of the indian- americans there is desire to make india a country of opportunities as is this country, he said, we in ministry our task to provide you with aplatform to fulfil this desire of yours.
the theme of the event is 'the indian diaspora: defining a new paradigm in india-us relationship' which aims to capture the ethos of the india-us relationship.
los angeles is only the second us city to host the regional pravasi bharatiya divas (rpbd), after new york.
previous venues for rpbd events were london, sydney, toronto, singapore, durban, mauritius and the hague.
the overseas indian facilitation centre (oifc) of the confederation of indian industry also organised an indian diaspora business meet on the sidelines of the regional pravasi bharatiya divas.
officials from andhra pradesh, haryana, jharkhand and kerala also participated in the business meet.
the inaugural event was followed by a cultural extravaganza.
bjp state team to convince central leaders to retain bsybangalore, oct 29, 2012, dhns: 0:17 istchief minister jagadish shettar, deputy chief ministers k s eshwarappa and r ashoka, and a few other ministers will leave for new delhi tuesday morning to seek the intervention of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) central leadership to persuade former chief minister b s yeddyurappa not to quit the party.
on reaching the national capital, they will attend to some official work and will later meet party national president nitin gadkari and other senior leaders, including arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the delegation will explain them that yeddyurappas exit will help neither the bjp nor the former chief minister.
it will have representation of the government (cm and dycm), the party (eshwarappa) and sangh (bjp general secretary organisation santhosh).
yeddys loyalistssome of yeddyurappa loyalist ministers, including basavaraj bommai, c m udasi, umesh katti and v somanna, will join the chief minister and his deputies on their delhi visit.
the last ditch effort to retain yeddyurappa in the bjp follows a dilemma on the part of the yeddyurappa loyalists over their next political move.
yeddyurappas loyalists have already told their leader that it would be difficult for them to openly identify with his yet-to-be launched karnataka janata party (kjp) while continuing as ministers, as this will send a wrong message to their electorate.
on the other hand, resignation from the shettar cabinet will lead to the immediate collapse of the government.
the best option was to convince yeddyurappa to remain in the bjp.
a source close to yeddyurappa said it was easy to cajole the former chief minister, if some of the senior leaders call on him.
hell bent on quittinghowever, yeddyurappa on monday maintained that he was determined to quit the bjp and launch his own political outfit at a mammoth rally in haveri on december 10.
several homas and poojas were arranged at yeddyurappas residence and they will continue on tuesday.
lalitgate: pm losing political capital by being silent, says congjaipur, jun 23, 2015, (pti) 14:29 iststepping up attack on bjp leadership over lalit modi controversy, congress today said that prime minister narendra modi was losing political capital by trying to protect foreign minister and rajasthan chief minister through his continued silence on the indefensible issue.
the party alleged that union ministers were also giving clean chits to both the leaders without any investigation and probe, thus exposing the double standards of bjp.
pcc president sachin pilot, while demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and state chief minister vasundhara raje for helping former ipl commissioner lalit modi, said that the allegations against them were levelled by lalit modi himself and not the congress party.
the allegations against the bjp leaders were have not been brought by congress.
we as the congress party demand their resignations on legal, ethical and moral grounds, pilot said at a press conference here.
ministers in government of india are neither heads of investigation agencies nor judges in the court of law and it is very surprising that they, before investigation is conducted or finished by enforcement directorate, are giving clean chits to people against whom there are serious allegations, he said.
pilot said, no one in the party and the government is denying existence of these documents.
bjp said that till the documents were verified, they would not ask for her resignation but it will take the government of india one hour to verify authenticity of those documents, he said.
lalit modi, who is alleged to have created black money and is fugitive of law, was helped by bjp leaders and this is also breach of law and violation of sections of ipc and crpc.
demadning raje's resigantion to clear way for a thorough investigation, the congress leader said, maharashtra government sought clarification from mumbai police commissioner regarding his meeting with lalit modi on the basis of a photograph but in case of raje, there is a clear backing.
when asked about bjp's allegations on the son of former chief minister ashok gehlot about illegal transaction linked to a mauritius-based company, the pcc president said that gehlot has already clarified his stand.
he, however, also said that everyone is equal before law, irrespective of political affiliation.
the former chief minister has already said that a probe from sitting judge of high court can be conducted on allegations against his son, so nothing is left to say anything on this now, he added.
targeting the prime ministeri, pilot said that his silence on indefensible issue has exposed him and he was losing political capital day by day.
pm's words  na khaunga na khande dunga (neither will i take bribe, nor will i allow anyone to take bribe) - have come to haunt him.
he is losing political capital and he and his party have been fully exposed.
bjp is obstinate on this issue but we will not let the issue die down, he said.
the party will raise it in parliament and in the state assembly sessions, he added.
lalit modi, who is alleged to have created black money and is fugitive of law, was helped by bjp leaders and this is also breach of law and violation of sections of ipc and crpc.
demadning raje's resigantion to clear way for a thorough investigation, the congress leader said, maharashtra government sought clarification from mumbai police commissioner regarding his meeting with lalit modi on the basis of a photograph but in case of raje, there is a clear backing.
when asked about bjp's allegations on the son of former chief minister ashok gehlot about illegal transaction linked to a mauritius-based company, the pcc president said that gehlot has already clarified his stand.
he, however, also said that everyone is equal before law, irrespective of political affiliation.
the former chief minister has already said that a probe from sitting judge of high court can be conducted on allegations against his son, so nothing is left to say anything on this now, he added.
leadership issue will be solved amicably, says yeddyurappalast updated: 01 august, 2011bangalore, aug 1 (pti) 19:57 istas the deadlock over selecting his successor continued, outgoing chief minister b s yeddyurappa today expressed confidence that the leadership issue will be resolved amicably by central leaders of the bjp.
i am confident that the national leaders will solve the leadership issue in karnataka amicably which will be just and proper, yeddyurappa, who submitted his resignation to governor h r bhardwaj yesterday, told reporters here.
recalling his long association with central leaders of the party, he said he had the utmost regard and respect for leaders like l k advani, nitin gadkari, arun jaitley, rajanath singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
specially atalji (a b vajpayee) and advaniji who have guided me for the last 30 years in my political career.
during my tenure as chief minister for three years, our leaders have guided and extended cooperation, i had an opportunity to interact with experts in different fields namely u r rao, kasturi rangan (both space scientists), and mohandas pai (former infosys director) and have the benefit of their experience in implementing various programmes.
i am thankful to all of them.
he thanked mlas, mlcs, mps, his cabinet colleagues and all officers of the state saying without their support, it was not possible to implement pro-people programmes.
thanking the media for playing an important role in the development of his political career, yeddyurappa said he had decided to tour the entire state in the coming days to strengthen the party.
ending on an emotional note, he said, power is not permanent, it is what you do that is permanent.
i want to see the light in the eyes of the farmers.
yeddyurappa resigned following a directive by the party central leadership in the wake of the lokayukta report on illegal mining indicting him and four of his ministerial colleagues.
in bjp, reddys are now shunnedlast updated: 08 august, 2011bangalore, auguts 8, dhns: 0:06 istbjp national leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has already dumped the reddy brothers of bellary.
even the state bjp has done the same, at least for now.
neither the reddys or their close associate b sriramulu or any of the bjp mlas from bellary found place in the state cabinet.
they have decided to lie low at least for the time being, and keep a close watch on the new dispensation, according to sources close to the former ministers.
karunakara reddy, janardhana reddy and b sriramulu indicted in the lokayukta report on illegal mining did not figure among the 21 members, who were re-inducted into the cabinet on monday.
sources said though the reddys have accepted their fate to a certain extent, they have taken serious exception to the decision to induct v somanna into the cabinet.
somannas family members had been indicted by the lokayukta in the report on illegal mining.
the reddys were understood to have been given an assurance by the bjp leadership that all those indicted in the lokayukta report, directly or indirectly, would be kept out of the ministry.
it is only less than two years ago that the reddy brothers tried to dislodge yeddyurappa from the helm of affairs.
today, all the four main players of the leadership drama played out in november 2009, are no longer in power.
given the unpredictable nature of the reddys, the bjp state leadership is keeping their fingers crossed on their next move.
chief minister d v sadananda gowda gave a guarded reply to a query on the reddy brothers being left out of the ministry.
this is only the first phase.
there will be one more round of expansion.
you can ask me the question after that, he said.
janardhana reddy is in new delhi.
karunakara reddy and sriramulu are in bangalore, it is said.
disappointmentthe fact that all the ministers, who were inducted on monday, served in the ministry of yeddyurappa has disappointed new faces in both the camps in the bjp who were aspiring to get into the cabinet.
the nda government's handling of the situation arising from the kidnapping of 40 indian workers by the islamic state (is) militants in 2014, subsequently of information about them and finally the announcement of their fate raises troubling questions about its conduct.
the death of all the workers has now been confirmed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, after dillydallying on the matter for about four years.
the is kidnapped 40 construction workers in mosul in iraq in june 2014.
one of them, harjit masih, subsequently escaped by pretending to be a bangladeshi muslim.
there was a war situation in mosul and the last message from the workers to their families was in mid-june that year.
the government could not do anything to help them.
its inability to help its own citizens in deep distress is disappointing.
while the government has a good record of evacuating thousands of indian nationals in the recent past from places like afghanistan, yemen and even iraq, the failure in mosul is glaring.
the government's handling of information and its response to the enquiries of the families of the kidnapped persons was worse.
in the first place, it is strange that a modern state with all its sources and resources could not properly investigate the matter and get the correct information for so long.
all these years, the government kept assuring the families that the workers were safe.
public statements were also made to that effect.
the argument that the government could not declare the workers dead without proof is disingenuous.
that is no reason for asserting many times that they were alive.
the government could have said that it had no definite information about them but was investigating the matter and trying to locate them.
instead, it misrepresented the situation and misled the families and the nation over it.
when masih said that the workers had been killed, his account was dubbed a made up story.
worse, he was kept in detention and incommunicado.
media reports, some of which were based on investigation and reliable information, too, were dismissed as wrong.
now that the deaths have been confirmed after finding the bodies in a mass grave, the government has compounded its falsehood with insensitivity.
sushma swaraj made the announcement of the death of the workers in parliament before conveying the information to the bereaved families, who learnt about it from the media.
she again hid behind a technicality that parliament had to be told first about it, ignoring the human dimension involved.
it was perhaps this same lack of human concern due to which the government suppressed the truth for nearly four years.
bjp to hold women's conventionbangalore, march 9 2012, dhns: 0:12 istthe state bjp mahila morcha will organise a womens convention in bangalore on march 31.
the womens wing state president reena prakash said on friday the convention to be held at the palace grounds would have over 25,000 women participants.
party leaders including chief minister d v sadananda gowda, senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, mp smriti irani, state bjp president k s eshwarappa, and former chief minister b s yeddyurappa are expected to participate.
prakash also said that so far the party had formed 1,860 shakti kendras at the zilla panchayat level.
so far we have given around 25,000 women responsibilities in the party.
the aim is to ensure that in a years time, another 3 lakh women will be assigned duties.
union minister gowda trains guns against lalit modibengaluru, jun 26, 2015 (pti) 15:00 istamidst the lalit modi controversy, union law minister d v sadananda gowda today trained guns against the former ipl commissioner for creating confusion by levelling 'baseless charges' to rescue himself.
today lalit modi has dropped names of priyanka gandhi and robert vadra.
tomorrow he may name somebody.
day after tomorrow he may name the owner of the channel which is telecasting everything.
so, he wants to create some confusion so that somewhere the cases against him are dropped, and somewhere some political activity should go on - so that he can rescue himself from the clutches of law, gowda told pti here.
the former ipl chief claimed in his tweets last night that he met priyanka gandhi and her husband robert vadra in london.
happy to meet the gandhi family in london.
i had run into robert and priyanka separately in a restaurant - they were with timmy sarna.
he has my no.
they can call me.
will tell them what i feel about them exactly, modi has said.
asked if the people can expect the central government to book lalit modi anytime soon, gowda said, the former ipl commissioner cannot escape from the clutches of law as he had swallowed big money.
certainly (we will book modi).
the man who swallowed so much of money and committed such a blunder, cannot escape from the clutches of law, he said.
flaying the previous congress-led government, gowda said unlike the upa, nda government had taken action by initiating an ed probe into the matter.
this matter came to focus in 2010.
for the last four years the then government did not take any action.
our finance minister has said that already some ed cases are going on and investigation is going on.
so, after our government came to power, ed initiatives have been taken up.
it will take its own course because it is the matter pertaining to ministry of finance, he said.
defending raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, gowda said their actions do not amount to corruption as there were no money transactions between modi and them.
as far as sushmaswaraj swaraj and vasundhra raje are concerned, there is practically nothing.
is there any money transaction between them and lalit modi?
as far as dushyant (singh) is concerned, of course, he had his own company - that company had some relations with lalit modi company, he said.
singh, son of raje, has been under attack over media reports that his company received rs 11.
63 crore in investments from modi in 2008.
gowda further said, corruption is somebody misusing government money.
as far as personal dealings and commercial transactions - don't come under corruption charges.
embassy staffer's daughter deadnew delhi, apr 25, 2015, dhns: 2:43 istthe daughter of an employee of the indian embassy in nepal was killed and his wife suffered serious injuries as a house within the mission complex collapsed when a massive earthquake rocked the himalayan country.
a house in our embassy complex collapsed.
unfortunately, the daughter of our employee madan has died.
his wifes condition is serious, wrote external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter.
madan is understood to be one of the cpwd employees of the embassy.
notwithstanding the tragedy, indias ambassador to nepal ranjit rae and other officials of the embassy in kathmandu swung into action immediately after the quake as new delhi rushed to help its neighbour.
the embassy is also coordinating efforts to evacuate indians stranded in kathmandu and other areas of nepal.
ministers meet to publicise government initiativesnew delhi, mar 13, 2015, dhns: 1:32 istabout 35 union ministers on friday discussed ways to reach out to people on modi governments first full fledged budget and parliamentary initiatives to push key reform legislations through both the houses.
with prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley on official foreign tours, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu requested ministers to disseminate information about the seriousness of the government initiatives on development and good governance fronts and counter the opposition propaganda that the centre was incapable of fulfilling its tall promises made during the general elections.
cabinet ministers, including sushmaswaraj swaraj, nitin gadkari, ramvilas paswan, suresh prabhu and manohar parrikar, and ministers of state jitendra singh, prakash javadekar and rajiv pratap rudy were present at the meeting held at naidus office in parliament building.
parliament will go into recess for a month on march 20.
india to unveil more reforms in new budget this month: swarajmuscat, feb 18, 2015, (pti) 9:22 istthe new indian government will unveil more reforms in the coming days, including in the forthcoming budget this month to woo foreign investment and make india a manufacturing destination, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
similarly, the last budget in 2014 had set up an nri fund to clean and develop river ganga and the government has embarked on the digital india programme.
the government has invited both foreigners and nri entrepreneurs to come and join in these efforts, she said while on her first visit to the oil-rich gulf nation.
a number of reforms have been implemented.
she highlighted the government's 100 smart cities project which was open for participation.
further, foreign investment caps have been eased in construction, railways and defence sectors, the minister said.
the new government is committed to development with transparency and good governance.
we are striving to revive growth.
the impact is already evident in the green shoots of recovery and a positive, even upbeat, business sentiment in the country, she said.
the senior bjp leader also said the last general election was a landmark one in which the people gave an absolute majority to a single party after three decades.
india firmly believes that overseas indian must be a part of the india growth story, the minister said while lauding the role of nris in boosting india's economic growth.
your sustained remittances over the years have contributed to our foreign exchange reserves and are a valuable livelihood source for millions of dependents in india.
india is a recipient of the largest global remittances sent by the expatriate populations anywhere in the world and the gulf region is the largest source of these remittances for us, she said.
swaraj's maiden visit to oman comes as the two countries are gearing up to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties this year.
the minister also unveiled a logo to mark the 60th anniversary of bilateral ties with oman.
in her speech, the minister lauded the omani leadership, especially the king sultan qaboos for hosting indian citizens.
oman is in the forefront of gcc countries in terms of offering expatriates not just a good quality of life but also with regard to freedom to practice one's faith and fulfilment of other cultural rights, she said.
i would like to emphasise that each one of you as members of the vibrant indian community has done proud to your motherland.
our government realises your potential to contribute not only to india's economy but also to the international profile of india.
therefore, i would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to each one of you for your contribution to strengthen our relations with oman, she added.
xi confident of progress in sino-indian tiesbeijing, feb 2, 2015, pti: 1:58 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on chinese president xi jinping, who expressed full confidence in sino-indian relations, hoping that new progress would be made in the ties in the new year.
i have full confidence in india-china relations and i believe that new progress will be achieved in growing this bilateral relationship in this new year, xi told swaraj, who called on him at the cavernous great hall of the people here on her maiden visit to the communist nation after she assumed charge last year.
xi said china and india had taken solid steps to make new progress in bilateral ties besides implementing the agreements reached between him and prime minister narendra modi.
he said that since his visit to india in september last year, relations between the two countries had entered into a new stage of growth.
the positive side of india-china relations has been growing and momentum of our cooperation has been strengthening and solid steps are being taken to implement agreements reached between prime minister modi and i, he said as he welcomed the 62-year-old leader.
one such solid step taken was sundays exchange of notes on modalities for opening the second route for the kailash-manasarovar yatra in tibet via sikkim by june, that will allow more indians to undertake the pilgrimage.
xi had promised opening the new route to modi during the formers maiden visit to new delhi last year.
recalling fond memories of his india visit, xi told sushmaswaraj swaraj: last september i visited india and cherish fresh memories about the gracious hospitality extended to me by government and people of india.
in particular, i cherish the memories of prime minister modis home province gujarat and the prime minister himself accompanied me on that trip.
srini shielding tainted players, tweets lalit modinew delhi, jun 29, 2015, (pti) 19:22 isttainted former ipl commissioner lalit modi today accused his bete noire and current icc chairman n srinivasan of shielding the three players who are from chennai super kings in the wake of his allegation that they were bribed by a business tycoon.
modi, who is at the centre of a controversy over his british travel documents that has dragged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, also targeted the enforcement directorate(ed) and challenged it to provide evidence regarding the money laundering allegations against him.
the former cricket administrator, who has made london as his base, said he will return to india as and when he feels there will not be any threat to his security and that he will not go by any assurances from the government.
what is the anti-corruption (icc chairman) n srinivasan doing to shield the three players that are from chennai super kings.
.
.
i want to know that question and india wants to know, modi told india today tv channel in london.
if he is not credible, god save the country, god save cricket, god save sports.
the icc yesterday confirmed that it had received a letter from lalit modi in 2013 in which the former ipl commissioner alleged that three players were bribed by a business tycoon.
srinivasan was the owner of csk at that time as he has now given up the ownership.
the icc confirms that mr modi's confidential e-mail, which was received in june 2013, and which has recently been published on twitter, was provided to the acsu at the time.
the acsu handled that information in accordance with its standard operating procedures, which included sharing it with the bcci's anti-corruption unit, an icc statement said.
acsu is icc's anti corruption and security unit.
modi alleged that the email was leaked by the bcci perhaps due to some internal politics in the cricket board.
modi also claimed he was being hounded by politicians and media.
on the allegations that he laundered money amounting to over rs 700 crore, today said the ed has no proof in this regard and challenged it to provide evidence.
india appoints new high commissioner to maldivesnew delhi, dec 15, 2015 (ians) 17:30 istakhilesh mishra, currently india's consul general in toronto, was named as the new high commissioner to the maldives on tuesday.
akhilesh mishra, consul general of lndia, toronto, has been appointed as the next high commissioner of india to the republic of maldives, an external affairs ministry statement said.
mishra will replace rajeev shahare in male.
prior to his posting in toronto in 2013, mishra served as joint secretary in the external affairs ministry heading the northern division dealing with india's relations with nepal and bhutan, and joint secretary in charge of multilateral economic relations division.
maldives has been in the news in recent times after an emergency was imposed by the government of the indian ocean archipelago nation for nearly a week at the beginning of last month following an explosion on a speedboat carrying president abdulla yameen and subsequent discovery of an arms haul.
in october, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited maldives to attend the fifth meeting of the india-maldives joint commission.
in november, maldives foreign minister dunya maumoon met sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi.
new delhi, aug 10, 2015, (pti): 13:16 istafter a lull, the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam returned to disrupt the proceedings of the lok sabha today as congress members stormed the well holding placards and shouting slogans, much to the dismay of the speaker.
the 25 congress members, whose five-day suspension by the speaker had ended on friday evening, were back in the house in full strength.
during their suspension, several opposition parties were either boycotting the proceedings in solidarity or walking out of the house all these days.
amid bedlam created by a united opposition, speaker sumitra mahajan adjourned the house for 30 minutes at the suggestion of sp supremo mulayam singh yadav to call leaders of various parties to break the logjam.
yadav's suggestion did not find favour with congress as sonia gandhi was seen saying no and party leader mallikarjun kharge suggesting that the sp leader was giving his individual views.
as yadav again sought to press his point, gandhi was seen telling partymen to resume slogan shouting in the well, which was temporarily stopped when the sp chief was speaking.
while yadav, his nephew and party colleague dharmendra yadav, rjd's jai prakash narayan yadav and aap's bhagwant mann decided to meet mahajan, congress members refused to do so.
placards and slogan shouting were back in the house as soon as speaker rejected opposition's notices of adjournment motion to discuss lalit modi issue and vyapam scam.
in his speech, kharge slammed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for making a statement on the lalit modi issue last week when virtually the entire opposition was not present in the house.
taking a dig at swaraj who was not present then, kharge said she had used or misused the situation of the absence of the opposition by delivering a long speech.
but her statement will not end the issue.
.
.
what she has done (her alleged help to lalit modi) is not in national interest.
she has helped a fugitive, an economic offender.
.
.
check the files about what (then union minister) p chidambaram had said, kharge said.
when he alleged that the help extended to the former ipl chief was not humanitarian, but commercial in nature, there was an angry reaction from the treasury benches.
speaker asked kharge not to raise the issue further and said the opposition can raise it later.
while most congress members were in the well raising slogans and holding placards, they were joined by some members from the left parties.
while some other left members were standing on their seats, trinamool congress members too were standing on their seats but not raising slogans.
ysr congress members were also on their seats holding placards demanding special category status for andhra pradesh.
while in their last rounds of protest, congress members had concentrated on lalit modi issue in their placards, today they targetted madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan for 48 deaths in vyapam scam.
demanding jail for him, they also sought a reply from prime minister narendra modi on the issue.
advani, joshi among bjp star campaigners for bihar pollsnew delhi, sep 23 , 2015, ians 13:22 istbjp veterans lal krishna advani, murli manohar joshi and actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha are among the star campaigners enlisted by the party to woo voters ahead of the bihar assembly elections.
sources said prime minister narendra modi and union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj, smriti irani, ravi shankar prasad and rajiv pratap rudy are also on a list of 40 star campaigners that the party submitted to the election commission on tuesday.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and his jharkhand counterpart raghubar das are the only bjp chief ministers on the list.
bjp president amit shah is also among the star campaigners.
since the formation of the modi government at the centre in may 2014, advani and joshi have been sidelined in the bjp and restricted to the party's margdarshak mandal.
in the past, bihar chief minister nitish kumar accused the bjp of dumping party veterans like advani and joshi as they didn't figure in the election posters of the bjp in bihar soon after the announcement of poll dates.
shatrughan sinha, the bjp mp from patna sahib, had embarrassed the party by openly criticising party decisions and publicly praising nitish kumar.
'bad shape' of passport office irks ministernew delhi, june 25, 2016, dhns: 2:36 isttaking a stern view of the bad shape of the passport office in bengaluru, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday directed officials to conduct random checks of such buildings and lease new office spaces.
the minister who received complaints about the bad condition of the bengaluru passport office on twitter said, passport work cannot be carried out through windows.
i keep getting complaints about the passport office in bengaluru.
if a passport office in such a mega city is in a bad shape.
.
.
passports have to be issued through windows?
how will it work if passport offices are operated through windows, she said while instructing the ministry officials to do the needful at the earliest.
addressing a conference of passport officials, she said the efficiency of passport offices has improved significantly over the last one year without increasing its strength.
the external affairs minister instructed the officers to do random checking on passport buildings which were not in good shape.
if need arises, rent a property at the earliest as constructing a new building would take time, she added.
western border guard will not be lowered: pmthiruvananthapuram/ new delhi, dec 15, 2015, dhns: 1:56 istprime minister narendra modi told top military commanders on tuesday that the country wants to resume dialogue with pakistan but guards at the western border would never be lowered.
we are engaging pakistan to try and turn the course of history, bring an end to terrorism, build peaceful relations, advance cooperation and promote stability and prosperity in our region, he said, adding but, we will never drop our guard on security.
we will continue to judge progress (in the bilateral relation with pakistan) on their commitments on terrorism, he told commanders from the army, air force and navy while addressing the combined commanders conference on-board ins vikramaditya off kochi.
this is for the first time, the combined commanders conference is being held on-board a military platform.
the prime ministers statement comes in the wake of the recent decision to restart bilateral dialogue with islamabad because of its potential peace dividends.
last week, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj traveled to islamabad to meet her counterpart sartaj aziz before announcing resumption of peace talks.
india has started a nsa-level dialogue as a part of these efforts and would test the neighbours intentions to define the way forward, modi said.
he said countries across regions were reaching out to india seeking cooperation to deal with rising terror and radicalism.
ours is a difficult neighbourhood with the full spectrum of security challenges.
we see terrorism and ceasefire violations, reckless nuclear build-up and threats; border transgressions and continuing military modernisation and expansion.
the shadow of west asian instability is becoming longer, he said.
on china, modi said we will continue to strengthen our defence capabilities and infrastructure, engage our neighbours more closely and strengthen our regional and global partnerships, including in maritime security.
bjp not embarrassed by sushma-modi row, sadananda gowdabengaluru, jun 18, 2015 (pti) 18:08 istasserting that bjp is not embarrassed by sushmaswaraj swaraj helping lalit modi, union law minister d v sadananda gowda today hit back at congress saying it was the previous upa government that allowed the former ipl chief to run away from the country.
as far as sushmaswaraj swaraj is concerned, the party is not embarrassed.
doing something for a person who is suffering from cancer (modi's wife) is not an issue to be discussed, he told pti here.
gowda said bjp and government were behind swaraj because she helped modi out of humanitarian consideration and did not make any attempt to stall the proceedings against the former ipl chief, who is facing money laundering and other charges.
on the political firestorm over vasundhara raje, who allegedly backed modi's immigration plea and face trouble over reports that the former ipl chief had invested rs 11.
63 crore in a firm owned by her son dushyant singh in 2008, gowda said the party would certainly look into the matter.
as far as raje's case is concerned, my party will certainly look into the matter.
our party will go into the details and only after getting the particulars take a decision on what needs to be done, gowda added.
strongly defending swaraj, he said, the whole party and whole government is behind sushmaswaraj swaraj because humanitarian consideration has to be given importance.
.
.
if someone's wife is suffering from cancer, is it not the responsibility of the individual whoever it might be - minister or an ordinary individual - to help him to just to go for treatment?
not to go ahead with proceedings against him?
how this should be tagged with that?
gowda asked.
he said, just because sushmaswaraj swaraj's daughter helped the brief of lalit modi does it amount to any irregularity?
any advocate is at liberty to hold brief - that was not the brief after she became the minister.
these are the silly issues being raised by congress.
training guns on congress, gowda accused it of giving an impression that the bjp is behind lalitgate.
this is an issue of 2010.
all these things have happened during three to four years when the congress ruled the country.
they allowed him to run away from this country.
the then upa government never took any initiative and proceedings against lalit modi.
now they are shouting as if everything is been done by bjp, gowda said.
before talks, india wants progress in attack probemarch 04, 2016, new delhi, dhns 0:19 istnew delhi waiting for date of proposed visit of pak sitindia is keen to see substantial progress in pakistans investigation into pathankot air force base attack in punjab before rescheduling foreign secretary s jaishankars meeting with his counterpart a a chaudhry.
new delhi is still waiting for islamabad to convey the date of the proposed visit of pakistans special investigation team to india to probe the attack.
sources in new delhi said india has asked pakistan to inform it about the sits visit at least five days ahead of its proposed arrival.
islamabad, however, had not yet shared with new delhi any information about the proposed day of the sits visit.
sartaj aziz, advisor on foreign affairs to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif, recently said in washington dc that the sit would visit india to probe the terror attack at pathankot.
he also expressed hope that stalled bilateral engagement could restart with foreign secretary level talks soon.
a meeting between jaishankar and chaudhry was scheduled to be held in islamabad on january 15.
they were to discuss modalities of the bilateral dialogue, which india and pakistan of late agreed to restart after a two-year-long hiatus since january 2013.
after the pathankot attack, new delhi did not call off resumption of bilateral dialogue, but deferred the meeting between the two foreign secretaries.
new delhi and islamabad are exploring possibilities of a meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and him in kathmandu on the sideline of a saarc meet in the middle of march.
foreign secretary s jaishankar may also meet his counterpart a a chaudhry in islamabad or kathmandu around the same time.
sharif and prime minister narendra modi might also have a meeting in washington on the sidelines of the nuclear security summit, which would be hosted by us president barack obama from march 31 to april 1.
pathankot priorityafter the pathankot attack, new delhi did not call off resumption of bilateral dialogue, but deferred the meeting between the two foreign secretariesnew delhi and islamabad are exploring possibilities of a meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and sartaz aziz in kathmandu on the sideline of a saarc meet in the middle of march.
new delhi, aug 22, 2015 (ians) 19:34 istindia on saturday lobbed the nsa talks back to pakistan, saying pakistani nsa sartaj aziz was welcome to come for the august 23-24 parleys, but he has to stick to the ufa agenda to discuss only terrorism and the kashmiri separatists have no place in the dialogue.
pakistan is saying that kashmir is the core issue, but that was not said at ufa.
in ufa, it was decided that all outstanding issues including kashmir.
.
.
but first let us discuss terrorism and violence, she said.
the nsas will talk on all issues relating to terrorism.
aziz said that he is waiting for my press conference.
i am answering -- please keep to the simla and ufa agreements signed by both our countries.
as per the simla agreement spirit, there can be no third party in talks, and the hurriyat cannot be included.
as per the ufa spirit, don't increase the agenda.
and do come, you are welcome.
sushma swaraj denied that india was laying any pre-conditions for the nsa talks, as alleged by pakistan, and said if pakistan sticks to its stand of raking up kashmir at the nsa parleys and aziz meets the hurriyat -- toh baatchit nahin hogi (then there will be no talks).
she said that what aziz was reading at his press conference from the ufa talks between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif was the preamble of the joint statement signed by both countries.
he was reading the ufa preamble -- the operative part is below.
he did not read the operative part, which said there will be three meetings -- between the nsas to discuss terrorism, talks between the dg bsf and pakistani rangers, and between the dgmos.
she said pakistan was running away from the talks as india caught a pakistani terrorist alive after the udhampur attack.
we have a jinda aadmi (live person) as proof and that is why he is running away.
but we are saying 'please come for talks, we will give you proof'.
if he gives dossiers, we will give him a jinda aadmi, she said.
she said terrorism and talks were de-linked, and that both sides decided to hold talks separately on border issues and one on peace.
the minister said that after the ufa talks, there was a lot of criticism of sharif when he returned to his country, and pakistan decided to do something to wriggle out of the talks.
describing india-pakistan relations as a road full of potholes, in which the car gets stuck, the tyre gets deflated and there are sudden violent jerks, she said both sides still manage to gather themselves and talk again.
to a question, she said if the nsa talks are not held, then talks can be held again.
there are no full stops in diplomacy.
there are commas and semi colons.
hollande to be republic day chief guestnew delhi, nov 22, 2015, dhns: 2:10 istfrench president francois hollande has been invited to be chief guest at the 2016 republic day ceremony, signalling indias keenness to boost strategic partnership with france.
hollandes willingness to accept the invitation and visit india in january 2016 was informally conveyed by french foreign minister laurent fabius, who called on prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a visit to new delhi on friday.
paris will officially announce the visit later when hollande receives the formal invitation from his counterpart president pranab mukherjee, sources said on saturday.
modi on friday conveyed to fabius indias resolute support to frances move to step up air strikes on islamic state facilities in iraq and syria in the aftermath of the november 13 terrorist attacks in paris.
new delhi is understood to have conveyed to paris that it was ready to do whatever possible to help eliminate the scourge of the terror outfit, which has expanded footprints in afghanistan-pakistan region.
hollandes visit to delhi for the r-day ceremony will give india and france an opportunity to step up security cooperation, with particular focus on combating terrorism, officials told deccan herald on saturday.
india-france joint working group on counter-terrorism met in june 2014 and both sides are now preparing for the next meeting.
the two countries also have a bilateral mechanism for annual strategic dialogue, which is now co-chaired by national security advisor ajit doval and his french counterpart jacques audibert.
they last met in new delhi in october 2014 and are likely to meet again in paris.
new delhi is of the view that the series of attacks in paris should be a wake-up call for the us and western powers to drop their selective approaches in combating terrorism and push them to seek more effective international cooperation to fight the menace.
hamid nehal ansari, a mumbai resident arrested in 2012 for illegally entering pakistan from afghanistan reportedly to meet a girl he had befriended online, suffered injuries after he was attacked by inmates in the peshawar central prison.
i am very much disturbed to read about repeated attacks on hamid ansari who is detained in peshawar jail since 2012.
it is inhuman.
i have asked our high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to hamid ansari in hospital/jail and report, swaraj tweeted.
31-year-old ansari was sentenced to three years imprisonment by a military court for possessing a fake pakistani identity card.
ansari's lawyer lawyer qazi mohammad anwar told peshawar high court bench on thursday that his client was attacked at least thrice by jail inmates in recent months.
anwar also told the court that ansari had been kept in a death cell with a hardened criminal awaiting execution for a murder.
ansari was attacked and injured three times over the last couple of months and shifted to the hospital for treatment, the counsel said.
he said even the head warden would subject him to brutality and slap him on a daily basis without any reason.
ansari had gone missing after he was taken into custody by intelligence agencies and local police in kohat in 2012 and finally in reply to a habeas corpus petition filed by his mother, fauzia ansari, the high court was informed on january 13 that he was in custody of the pakistan army and was being tried by a military court.
khattar sworn in as cmchandigarh, oct 26, 2014, dhns & agencies: 1:30 ist9 ministers also take oath in haryanamanohar lal khattar took oath as the first bharatiya janata party (bjp) chief minister of haryana in 48 years at a ceremony attended by prime minister narendra modi and several chief ministers at panchkula near here on sunday.
khattar, a former rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) pracharak, is considered a narendra modi loyalist.
governor kaptan singh solanki administered the oath of office and secrecy to khattar.
nine ministers, including three ministers of state with independent charge, also took oath.
all cabinet leaders enjoy a clean and non-controversial image.
khattar, a 60-year-old bachelor, is the first non-jat punjabi chief minister in haryana after a gap of 18 years.
the choice of his cabinet is a mix of both jat and non-jat leaders.
it also includes a woman.
top bjp leaders, including party chief amit shah, l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh, venkaiah naidu and navjot singh sidhu, attended the swearing-in ceremony.
chief ministers vasundhara raje (rajasthan), anandiben patel (gujarat), shivraj singh chauhan (madhya pradesh) and manohar parrikar (goa), several leaders owing allegiance to the rss, and religious leaders attended the ceremony.
punjab chief minister parkash singh badal, whose party akali dal fought the haryana assembly elections against its own ally, the bjp, also attended the ceremony.
mla prem lata, wife of birender singh who severed four-decade ties with the congress to join the bjp, did not find a slot in the first list of ministers.
the event, normally held in state capital chandigarh, was organised at panchkula.
the township was adorned with pictures of modi.
it was in panchkulas sector 7 residential area that modi spent several years as a party office-bearer in charge of haryana.
modi and khattar then worked together to build the party.
those inducted into khattars cabinet include lawyer and state bjp president ram bilas sharma; retired army officer capt abhimanyu; retired banker anil vij, former geography lecturer o p dhankar, two-time mla from sonepat kavita jain and agriculturist rao narbir singh.
bikram singh thekedar, krishan kumar and karan dev kamboj were made ministers of state.
former chief minister bhupinder singh hooda did not attend the ceremony though he was invited.
dhaka, jun 7, 2015 (pti) 9:27 istprime minister narendra modi today offered prayers at the famous 12th century dhakeshwari national temple, the most revered place for hindu community in bangladesh.
the prime minister spent around 15 minutes at the temple, which is considered an essential part of dhaka's cultural heritage and one of the major 'shaktipeeths' of the region.
the name dhakeshwari means goddess of dhaka and experts said the bangladesh capital derived its name from dhakeshwari.
since the destruction of ramna kali mandir in 1971 by the pakistan army during the bangla liberation war, the dhakeshwari temple has assumed status as the most important hindu place of worship in bangladesh.
members of the temple authorities felt modi's visit to dhakeshwari signified a message of solidarity to the hindu community.
modi was felicitated by the priests and authorities of the temple.
he was given a replica of goddess dhakeshwari and a shawl besides other memorabilia.
a number of people here said bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina visits the temple once every year.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited the temple when she came here in june last year.
the dhakeshwari temple was built in the 12th century by ballal sen, a king of sena dynasty.
the temple, which is thronged by thousands of people daily, was closed for around one hour for common public in the morning due to modi's visit.
in 1996, dhakeshwari temple was given the status of national temple following a major campaign by hindu groups who had been demanding official recognition for the most revered hindu place of worship.
lalit committed offences during cong rule, but no action was taken: govtnew delhi, jun 18, 2015 (pti) 15:32 istgovernment today sought to drag congress into the controversy raging over some of its key leaders' questionable links with lalit modi, saying the former ipl boss committed all offences during the upa rule but it took no action against him.
while law minister sadanand gowda attacked congress alleging the upa government did not take any action against modi, his cabinet colleague rajiv pratap rudy dismissed the demand of resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
they (congress) have lost their base across the country.
they are searching for some issue but they are not getting any issue.
during their regime everything has happened.
why did they not take any action against lalit modi?
why did they not bring him back to india?
what had refrained them (from doing so)?
gowda asked.
he insisted that swaraj supported modi, accused of laundering money to the tune of over rs 700 crore, due to humanitarian concern over the health of his wife.
congress has said that the upa government strongly pursued probe against modi and took up the matter of his deportation to india with the uk government.
the then finance minister p chidambaram had even met his british counterpart to push the matter, besides writing to him twice.
asked about the demand for resignation of swaraj and raje, union minister rajiv pratap rudy said, it is just an imagination of congress and nothing like that is going to happen.
there is no such issue and i think everything has been clarified by our spokesperson.
so i don't think there is much to be read into what is happening, rudy said.
though bjp and the government have come in full support of swaraj who helped modi obtain travel documents from the uk, where he has been staying after he left india to avoid investigative agencies, they have been more restrained in their defence of raje, who has been accused of secretly helping him in his immigration.
a company owned by raje's son dushyant singh, who is an mp, also reportedly received investment from modi, an old family friend of raje.
aap alleges bjp, rss were involved; asks pm to take actionnew delhi, feb 1, 2016, pti: 18:17 istaap today alleged that bjp and rss were involved in the purported assault on the protesters, including women, demonstrating near the rss head office here and sought prime minister narendra modi's intervention in the matter.
the party also demanded action against delhi police personnel responsible for the assault on the agitators protesting over the suicide of dalit scholar rohith vemula.
bjp and rss were also involved in the assault on the protesters.
the police are acting at the behest of the sangh, senior aap leader sanjay singh claimed.
he was referring to people in civilian clothes in the video of the purported assault.
action should also be taken against the people dressed in civilian clothes.
those who were in civilian clothes and were seen attacking protesters should be probed, he said.
the party also slammed delhi police commissioner b s bassi, demanding an explanation for the act by the police.
this (the incident) shows the cruel face of delhi police where even women protesters were assaulted.
this has been happening in the national capital.
during the (delhi assembly) election campaign, the prime minister had said that he stays in delhi and it is his home.
how can he allow attack on women by his police?
singh questioned.
he demanded urgent intervention by the pm and urged him to take action against the erring police officials and fix responsibility.
the pm should intervene as he talks about 'selfie with daughter'.
.
.
talks about the security of women from the red fort.
if his police is assaulting women, then there can't be a more serious thing than this, he said.
attacking bjp, aap leader ashutosh said, comments made by the bjp leaders reflect insensitivity of the party towards dalits.
delhi police today drew flak as a video emerged in which male police constables can be seen purportedly assaulting protesters, including women, during the demonstration.
the video went viral on social media, triggering sharp reactions.
last updated: 28 september, 2011new delhi, september 28, dhns: 0:48 ista delhi court on wednesday dismissed the bail appeals of rajya sabha member amar singh in the 2008 cash-for-vote scam, but left the issue of keeping him behind the bars to doctors in view of his ill-health.
singh was admitted to all-india institute of medical sciences (aiims) on september 12 after his arrest by delhi polices crime branch for his alleged role in the scam on september 6.
special judge (anti-corruption) sangita dhingra sehgal rejected singhs regular as well as interim bail applications in view of the gravity of the allegations against him.
the accused has been named in an incident which showed desperate depths to which certain political functionaries and parties stooped and the exposures represent a gross moral degeneration which disgraced the sacrosanct parliamentary democracy, the court said.
the incident, which is the basis of the present case, has far-reaching consequences which are beyond imagination and have a very deep impact on society at large as an attempt to subvert the functioning of parliament and mock the republic of india has been made, it added.
the court noted that singh had played a major role in the entire episode which had come to light on july 22, 2008, during the debate on the trust vote in the lok sabha being forced upon upa-i due to withdrawal of support by left parties after indo-us nuclear deal.
the court, however, did not direct singhs immediate arrest and sending him to judicial custody as he has been recuperating in aiims due to various kidney-related ailments.
singhs aide sanjeev saxena, arrested on july 17, was also denied bail by the court.
as many as six persons, including bjp leader l k advanis ex-aide sudheendra kulkarni, have so far arrested in the case.
bjp leaders visitsenior bjp leaders l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley on wednesday visited tihar jail to meet sudheendra kulkarni, the man they described as a mere whistleblower in the cash-for-vote scam.
kulkarni, a former aid of advani, was sent to jail on tuesday due to his alleged role in the 2008 scam in which bjp mps displayed cash at lok sabha ahead of the trust vote on upa-i government and claimed that they had been bribed to vote in their favour.
the mps were also jailed in connection with the scam.
jaitley said the party would defend kulkarni both politically and legally.
they have exposed the crime , they have not done any crime.
they are whistleblower.
did not meet lalit modi in london: shah rukh khanmumbai, jun 29, 2015, (pti) 20:57 istbollywood superstar shah rukh khan, co-owner of indian premier league team kolkata knight riders, today said he did not meet former ipl commissioner lalit modi in london.
the 49-year-old actor was asked whether he met modi, embroiled in a row after it came to light that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had facilitated travel documents for him in london and that rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje had reportedly favoured modi's immigration plea in a london court.
modi has also been active on his twitter page, alleging he had private meetings with priyanka vadra and husband robert vadra.
when asked during an interview to ndtv if he met the tainted former ipl boss during his stay in london, khan said if he had met modi, it would be out by now.
no, i didn't even have a vacation in london.
.
.
i was shooting in bulgaria.
.
.
i finished in the evening, took the morning.
.
.
(sic) after because it was the last night.
.
.
we were awake till about 6 in the morning.
.
.
chatting and talking.
.
.
and just about we entered the plane at about 2 o clock landed in the evening and next day i had my daughter's and son's admission.
so, i hardly had time there.
.
.
no i did not meet lalit modi.
.
.
if i had, he would have told everyone, shah rukh said.
mumbai police chief submits info on meeting with lalit modimumbai, june 22, 2015, pti: 21:20 istmumbai police commissioner rakesh maria today submitted a report containing information on his meeting with the former ipl boss lalit modi to maharashtra government.
chief minister devendra fadnavis had sought the information yesterday.
yes, maria has submitted his say on the issue, additional chief secretary, home, k p bakshi, told pti.
he, however, declined to give details of maria's report.
day before yesterday, after a newschannel aired a photo purportedly featuring maria with lalit modi, the police commissioner issued a statement saying that he had indeed met the former ipl commissioner at the insistence of the latter's lawyer in london last year.
during the meeting, lalit modi sought the help of mumbai police in view of threat to his life by the underworld in london, maria said, adding that he had apprised the then home minister (late r r patil of ncp) about the meeting soon after return.
fadnavis had said yesterday that based on maria's information the further course of action would be decided.
minister of state for home ranjit patil had, however, said that repeated requests from lalit modi cannot be an excuse to meet him and an inquiry will be conducted.
lalit modi, who is facing probe by enforcement directorate, is in news following revelations that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped him get a travel document in london.
meanwhile, prithviraj chavan, who was the chief minister in congress-ncp government when maria had visited london, today said he was not aware of the visit and the meeting.
such trips are cleared at the level of home minister.
i wasn't briefed about it, chavan told pti.
2nd kailash-manasarovar route to open next month: pmbeijing, may 15, 2015 (pti) 16:18 istprime minister narendra modi, on his first visit to china, today announced here that the second route for the kailash-manasarovar yatra will become operational next month, allowing more indians to undertake the pilgrimage.
the nathu la route for indian pilgrims to visit kailash mansarovar will become operational in june.
i want to thank china for that, the prime minister said in his address here after 24 agreements were signed between india and china.
the second route through the himalayan pass of nathu la, 4,000 metres above sea level, will allow more indians to undertake the pilgrimage, in addition to the existing lipulekh pass in uttarakhand.
the only route - lipulekh pass - was badly damaged in the floods in uttarakhand in 2013.
the route through nathu la pass will facilitate comfortable travel for indian pilgrims by buses, especially for elderly indian citizens, though conditions in the himalayan region with less oxygen levels still pose a challenge.
the ministry of external affairs currently takes more than 1,000 pilgrims a year in 18 batches involving a 22-day journey and officials expect that the number of pilgrims could rise considerably once the new route is opened.
a total of 1,330 yatris will be able to undertake yatra this year, which includes 250 yatris via nathula in 5 batches of 50 each.
1,080 yatris will go via lipulekh in 18 batches of 60 each.
modalities for opening the second route for the kailash- manasarovar yatra in tibet via sikkim by june were finalised on february 1 when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was visiting the communist nation.
chinese president xi jinping had promised opening the new route for the yatra to modi during the former's maiden visit to new delhi in september last year and the two sides had agreed to work closely to ensure smooth commencement of the pilgrimage through the new route.
modi made a strong pitch for the second route during his first meeting with xi on the sidelines of the brics summit in brazil.
new delhi, jul 12, 2015 (pti) 11:42 istwith the modi government battling propriety issues over the lalit modi row and the furore on vyapam scam, leaders of like-minded parties will meet for congress president sonia gandhi's iftar dinner tomorrow where they are likely to deliberate on the strategy for parliament session beginning july 21.
with the 'who's who' of anti-bjp politics expected to be present, considerable significance is being attached to the get-together ahead of the monsoon session, which is likely to be the most turbulent for the narendra modi government since it took office in may last year.
among the leaders invited are mulayam singh yadav (sp), mayawati (bsp), sharad pawar (ncp), sitaram yechury (cpi-m), h d deve gowda (jd-s), e ahamed (iuml), kanimozhi (dmk), d raja (cpi), farooq abdullah of the national conference and sudip bandhopadhyay (tmc).
though rjd chief lalu prasad has been invited, he has expressed inability to attend due to prior commitments.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar and jd(u) president sharad yadav are among the invitees.
the all india majlis-e-ittehadul-muslimeen (aimim), which was part of the congress-led upa until two years back, and aiudf, which has a tie-up with the congress in assam, are also invited.
the regional parties which are not part of the bjp-led nda, but have still been kept away, include the aiadmk, bjd and trs, which rule tamil nadu, odisha and telangana respectively.
congress' ties with these parties within and outside parliament are at best lukewarm.
in bihar, the jd(u), rjd, congress and ncp have resolved to fight unitedly under the leadership of chief minister nitish kumar, while the left will go to the hustings as a separate bloc.
congress is utilising the opportunity to send a message of larger opposition unity at a time when bjp and the modi government are on the backfoot following a series of controversies after revelations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje extending help to fugitive former ipl boss lalit modi.
it is also facing heat for the vyapam scam in which the supreme court has ordered a cbi probe.
the get-together comes at a time when government managers have decided to brazen it out both outside and within parliament, reflected in the decision of not shortening the monsoon session.
with the modi government and bjp rejecting demands for resignation of swaraj, raje and mp chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, fireworks are expected during the session which will conclude on august 13.
congress has also been demanding the resignation hrd minister smriti irani for misrepresenting facts about her educational qualifications, and maharashtra minister pankaja munde for alleged involvement in a scam by clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on a single day without inviting tenders in violation of norms.
chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh too is in the line of congress fire over a rice scam wherein rs 36,000 crore was alleged to have been misappropriated.
politicos indulge in slugfest as poll test nearsbengaluru, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 23:51 istdeve gowda, siddu exchange barbs over farmer suicidespoliticians have started hitting out at each other, verbally, with the bbmp elections fast approaching.
jd(s) leader h d deve gowdas words of praise for prime minister narendra modi has not gone down well with chief minister siddaramaiah.
while interacting with the media on tuesday, when a reporter pointed out that gowda had hailed modi for signing the peace accord with naga rebels, siddaramaiah hit back saying, who said he (gowda) is secular?
in practice, he is not secular.
only his party name carries the word secular, he said.
the chief minister, referring to bjp leader b s yeddyurappa and deve gowda with regard to farmer suicides, said they were unnecessarily targeting the government.
yeddyurappa, as chief minister, had presented a separate budget for agriculture.
but in reality, it is the congress government that has allocated more funds for the sector.
addressing a press conference in bengaluru, deve gowda said that never in his 54-year-old political career had he seen so many farmers ending their lives as at present.
he said even during s m krishnas tenure as chief minister, the state had witnessed many farmers ending life.
but the current trend showed the trust deficit between farmers and the government.
gowda reiterated that the government must announce a complete loan waiver, which would instil confidence among farmers.
siddaramaiah also attacked the bjp-led nda government at the centre.
he wondered as to why modi was mum over the oppositions demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
modi had promised to give a corruption-free governance.
but he hasnt uttered a word about the tainted ministers, he pointed out.
siddaramaiah took objection to lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan suspending 25 congress mps for five days for disrupting the house proceedings.
sushma conveys tamil aspirations to sri lankanew delhi, feb 8, 2016, dhns: 0:58 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, quietly conveyed to the sri lanka government that new delhi would expect it to ensure that the new constitution of the island nation met the aspirations of the countrys minority tamils.
swaraj did not make any public comment about political rights of minority tamils of sri lanka or the process of reconciliation being pursued by countrys new government during her visit to the country  ostensibly in accordance with new delhis fresh approach in its engagement with colombo.
the press release issued by the ministry of external affairs in new delhi also did not have any reference to the reconciliation process or the issue of political rights of tamils.
sources in new delhi, however, said that swaraj had conveyed to her counterpart mangala samaraweera, prime minister ranil wickremesinghe and president maithripala sirisena that india would expect the new government in sri lanka to ensure devolution of power to the provincial governments in tamil-majority north and east of the neighbouring country.
the sri lankan government last month started the process of formulating a new constitution with sirisena, himself, underlining need for reforms for reconciliation with the minority community and thus preventing restart of the ethnic conflict.
geeta refuses to identify mahatos as her familynew delhi, oct 26, 2015, (pti): 18:34 istelated over geeta's return from pakistan after a gap of 15 years, the mahatos from bihar today turned up at the indira gandhi international airport to accord a warm welcome to their family member, only to be left dejected hours later as she refused to recognise them.
as geeta made her way out of the ceremonial lounge of igi around 11.
30 pm, the family tried to make their way forward carrying rose petals and marigold garlands but she was whisked away by security personnel.
earlier, she had identified them through pictures sent by the indian high commission in pakistan.
talking to a huge media posse outside the lounge, one manoj, who claimed to be geeta's brother, expressed his disappointment over not being given the chance to garland the 23-year-old.
we want to meet her.
wanted to welcome her properly.
it's a great moment for us.
we had lost all hope.
want to thank the media, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, our lawyer.
it's like lord rama's homecoming after spending 14 years in exile.
this is our diwali, he said.
contrary to her categorical denials in this regard, he also claimed that geeta was married and used to live with her husband when she got lost from a baisakhi fair.
janardhan mahato, who claims to be her father, thanked swaraj and pakistani officials for ensuring her return.
she will recognise us all and will embrace us the moment we meet her.
she is not a girl anymore, she's god.
geeta was reportedly just 7 or 8 years old when she was found sitting alone on the samjhauta express by the pakistan rangers 15 years ago at the lahore railway station.
indian government has said that geeta would be handed over to the rightful family only after dna test.
rs paralysed due to cong protestsnew delhi, aug 6, 2015 (pti) 15:47 istrajya sabha proceedings were virtually paralysed again today as opposition congress members mounted vociferous protest over suspension of 25 of their party members in lok sabha as the government tried to introduce a bill to amend the anti-corruption law.
the protests started from the word go as slogan-shouting congress members trooped into the well raising slogans against the dictatorial attitude of the government.
this led to two adjournments in the pre-lunch session before being finally adjourned for the day a few minutes after 2 pm.
rajya sabha has failed to transact any business ever since it met for the monsoon session starting july 21.
the congress has upped its protests, boycotting the lower house and staging dharna inside the parliament complex since 25 of its mps were suspended by the speaker on monday.
when the house reassembled at 2 pm after two adjournments, deputy chairman p j kurien called minister of state for personnel jitendra singh to move a bill to further amend the prevention of corruption act for consideration of the house.
congress members, who were already in the well, raised slogans that government's dictatorship will not be allowed.
as the minister spelt out the amendments proposed by the government in the bill saying that government was committed to bringing more transparency, congress as well as other opposition members raised objections.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said when the house is not in order, no bill can be taken up.
the house is not in order.
at this, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi angrily asked what do they want?
they do not want any discussion in the house.
they only want to make noise.
undeterred by the din, the minister continued his speech saying the amendments proposed by the government were aimed at ensuring more accountability in governance and making bribe-giving also an offence.
this was the second attempt by the government to take up the bill in the upper house.
yesterday, union minister rajiv pratap rudy had also attempted to take up the bill for consideration and passage.
steps are being initiated so that honest and upright officers do not suffer and the amendments seek to enlarge the ambit of procedure for action against officials, the minister said, adding that provisions were being put in place to grant sanction for acting against officers even after their superannuation.
congress members raised strong objection to the taking up of the bill for consideration and shouted a big no.
they were joined by other opposition members who were also on their feet.
this forced the chair to adjourn the house for the day.
earlier when the house met for the day at 11 am, congress members created ruckus leading to the adjournment of the house within a few minutes.
the house got adjourned again soon after it reassembled at noon.
no sooner did home minister rajnath singh make a suo motu statement on the udhampur terrorist attack during the zero hour, slogan-shouting congress members trooped into the well shouting slogans against the dictatorial attitude of the government and asking prime minister narendra modi to break his silence over lalitgate and vyapam scam.
deputy chairman p j kurien called on k n balagopal (cpi-m) who had given a notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of the business to discuss alleged impropriety by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in helping controversial former ipl head lalit modi and vyapam scam in madhya pradesh.
the matter could not be taken up any further as continued ruckus led kurien to adjourn the house till 1200 hours.
when the house reassembled at noon, chairman hamid ansari's pleas for allowing the question hour to be taken up fell on deaf ears, with congress members again trooping into the well raising slogans, forcing chairman hamid ansari to adjourn the house for the second time till 2 pm.
india third in world in issuing passports: mea officialpuducherry, feb 22, 2016 (pti) 15:07 istindia now ranks third in the world after china and the us in issuing passports with the number having doubled since 2010, a senior official of the external affairs ministry said here today.
the number of passports issued went up from around 60 lakh five years ago to 1.
2 crore last year, joint secretary and chief passport officer of ministry muktesh k pardeshi said.
in 2010 we embarked on a journey for passport seva programme to set up new centres.
now there are 37 passport offices and 90 seva kendras.
india has become a major passport issuing country in the world and is today ranked third in the world after china and usa in issuing passports, pradeshi said.
no state or union territory was now without passport related facilities, he said after chief minister n rangasamy inaugurated the passport seva kendra here, the 90th in the country.
the chief minister thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for expediting its establishment and said the government felt the need for a centre locally to cater to needs of students, tourists and others from puducherry and karaikal regions.
passport applicants earlier had to go to the regional passport office in chennai, he said.
rangasamy said there had been a rise in enrolment of students in professional colleges and youth going abroad for jobs and for higher studies.
demand for passports had thus shot up, he said.
new delhi, dec 14, 2015, (pti); 10:40 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will make a statement in both houses of parliament today on her two-day visit to pakistan and the recent developments relating to bilateral ties.
i will make a statement on my recent visit to islamabad tomorrow at 11 am in rajya sabha and at 2 pm in lok sabha, swaraj tweeted yesterday.
a parliamentary affairs ministry release said that swaraj will make a statement on her recent visit to islamabad and developments relating to ties between india and pakistan in both the houses of parliament during the next week of winter session.
this is one of the major agenda items for next week, the statement said.
breaking the logjam in their ties, india and pakistan had on december 9 announced in islamabad that they have decided to engage in a comprehensive dialogue that will include peace and security and jammu and kashmir.
capping a series of positive developments since prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif met in paris about a fortnight days ago, it was announced there that the foreign secretaries will meet to decide the modalities and schedule of the dialogue.
the two sides came out with a joint statement, which happened after swaraj met sharif and later his advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz there on the concluding day of her two-day visit (december 8-9).
she was in pakistan to attend a multilateral conference on afghanistan.
chidambaram rejected suggestions that the national herald case had caused embarrassment for the party, but said it has caused us some concern about the motives of this government and those who are supporting the government.
it simply stiffened our back to fight the government.
we wanted gst, they played petty games.
we say you've distorted gst, they cry wolf.
we've not changed.
nor have they, tweeted party's communication department chief randeep surjewala.
national herald case is a clear case of political vendetta by pm narendra modi against congress, said former union minister kapil sibal.
on the charge that the government was targeting opposition leaders including congress chief minister of himachal pradesh virbhadra singh, jaitley dared the main opposition party to debate the issue in parliament.
let us have a debate on each of these cases they are mentioning.
these cases are stinking.
.
.
let us have a debate in parliament tomorrow, he said, adding the government had agreed to their wording for a debate in parliament on the lalit modi controvesy.
let it be identically worded as was the debate on raje and swaraj.
we agreed to that.
language was theirs.
let us just substitute those names and let us have a debate in parliament tomorrow, jaitley said.
on the gst, he said, the three suggestions they have made go contrary to what chidambaram and pranab mukherjee had presented before parliament.
those three suggestions are contrary to what chidambaram signed on the file.
these are contrary to what their chief ministers had said in parliamentary panel.
they are clearly afterthoughts in order to delay the gst.
i have no doubt in my mind, he said.
what will be our response on these three issues, i have already conveyed to senior responsible people in congress party.
.
.
my suggestions are in consonance with their own proposals.
if they go back on their proposals then i can't help it, jaitley said.
chidambaram said the concerns raised by congress are genuine and the report of arvind subramanian, the chief economic adviser to the government of india broadly endorses the congress party concerns.
he also said till the government responds to congress' suggestions, the party cannot say by which date the bill will be a reality.
notwisthanding the suspense over the issue, the government has decided to make a fresh bid to pass the gst and real estate bills in the last week of the winter session.
while six bills each have been introduced and passed in lok sabha, the rajya sabha has passed only one bill.
10 bills passed by lok sabha are still to be taken up by rajya sabha.
in the lok sabha, the government has proposed to take up nine items of legislative and financial business during next week.
new delhi, dec 23, 2015, (pti) 13:58 istprime minister narendra modi today left on a two-day visit to russia that is expected to take the already close strategic partnership between the two countries to a higher trajectory as he said the trip will deepen bilateral cooperation in economic, energy and security spheres.
setting the tone for the visit, the prime minister said russia remained one of india's most valued friends in the world and that he was very optimistic about outcomes of the annual summit talks with president vladimir putin tomorrow.
our relation with russia is unique, covering almost every field of human endeavour, said modi before leaving for moscow.
the time-tested partners are likely to ink a number of pacts in a range of sectors, including nuclear energy and defence, after the 16th summit talks between the two countries at the highest level which have been taking place alternately in moscow and new delhi since 2000.
i am very optimistic about the outcome of this visit.
history is witness to the close ties india and russia have had over the decades.
russia remains one of india's most valued friends in the world, modi said in a facebook post.
he further said, my visit will deepen the cooperation between india and russia in the economic, energy and security spheres.
we also want to increase cooperation in science and technology, mining, among other sectors.
trade ties between india and russia can increase even further, to benefit not only our two nations but also the world.
tomorrow, modi and putin will interact with a group of indian and russian ceos in kremlin.
the prime minister's engagements in moscow also include addressing a gathering of 'friends of india' and around 3,000 people are expected to attend the event tomorrow.
the visit will witness extensive deliberations with president putin.
there will be an interaction with russian businesspersons to invite them to invest in india.
i will also attend a 'friends of india' programme.
i am certain that this visit will substantially take forward the already strong people to people ties between our nations, the prime minister said.
modi also recalled accompanying the then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee on his trip to russia in 2001.
modi was then the chief minister of gujarat.
foreign secretary s jaishankar had yesterday said that india expects to sign a number of agreements covering a very broad range of fields.
he said expanding economic ties would be a very big priority as the two countries were aiming at enhancing annual bilateral trade to usd 30 billion over the next 10 years from current usd 10 billion.
besides bilateral issues, modi and putin are likely to deliberate on a number of global issues having political dimensions, including the situation in syria and ways to tackle terrorism.
this would be definitely one of the most important engagements for us, jaishankar said.
the foreign secretary said india was looking at deeper engagement in russia's oil and coal sector besides stepping up cooperation in some other areas like diamond trade and agro- business.
energy-starved india, the third-largest oil importer after the us and china, has been pushing for greater involvement in major gas and oil exploration projects in russia.
russia is one of the top oil producers globally and has huge reserves of natural gas.
india is also likely to push for a free trade agreement with the eurasian economic zone and is sharing details of a study it conducted in this regard.
without giving specific details, jaishankar said that modi and putin will deliberate on enhancing cooperation in defence and nuclear energy spheres.
last week, defence ministry's top acquisition council had cleared the purchase of russian s-400 triumf air defence missile systems at an estimated cost of rs 40,000 crore.
on whether india will request russia to share details on netaji subhas chandra bose, he said the issue had figured during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's recent visit to moscow.
let's wait and see what happens.
i do not prejudge the russian response till we get it, he had said.
sp back to protesting in parliamentnew delhi, august 12, 2015, dhns: 0:59 istjust a day after the samajwadi party (sp) appeared to break ranks with the opposition in parliament and distance itself from the congress, its lok sabha members on tuesday joined agitating congress members in the well and raised slogans.
however, their demands were different.
the congress and left party mps continued to stall lok sabha proceedings, demanding madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan's resignation for his purported involvement in a recruitment scam.
the sp lawmakers joined them in the well, but sought to keep their agitation distinct with placards that read: make public caste census data, stop discrimination against backward castes and ensure justice to backward castes.
in an all-party meeting convened on monday by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan to end the logjam in parliament, sp chief mulayam singh yadav had said his party would no longer support the congress if the latter continued to stall proceedings.
his warning came after the first two weeks of parliament's monsoon session saw very little work in the lok sabha, as congress and left party mps disrupted the proceedings demanding resignations of not only chouhan, but also external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for their purported role in helping tainted ipl ex-chief lalit modi procure travel documents from the british government.
the sp was with the congress and the left parties throughout the two weeks.
yadav and his mps were also protested against 25 congress members' suspension from the lok sabha last week.
so, yadavs warning on monday stunned the congress, while the ruling bjp was happy with the indication of his willingness to break ranks with the opposition.
however, on tuesday, the sp's dharmendra yadav and akshay yadav followed congress and left party mps into the well of the house to protest.
jai prakash narain yadav and other rashtriya janata dal mps joined them, raising slogans on the caste-census data.
yadav sat on the front row near congress president sonia gandhi.
after question hour ended and papers were laid, mahajan allowed yadav to speak on his partys demands.
he first requested the speaker to restore order in the house, and later made a brief statement demanding implementation of reservation policies in accordance with the caste-census data.
new delhi, jul 21, 2015 (pti) 15:18 ista combative government today accused opposition parties of running away from a debate as they created uproar in rajya sabha over lalit modi controversy ignoring its offer of a discussion and a statement by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on her help to the former ipl chief.
finance minister arun jaitley, who is leader of the upper house, said government offered that the issue can be discussed in the house with swaraj making a statement on it, but the opposition rejected it.
we get a distinct and clear impression that the opposition wants disturbance for some time.
they don't want a discussion.
the government is publicly declaring, as we have in the house, that we are ready for a discussion in any format, at any time, he told reporters after rajya sabha was adjourned repeatedly over the issue.
jaitley said the government offered that it was ready for a discussion on any issue but opposition rejected the offer.
we offered that sushmaswaraj swaraj could reply to the discussion.
other central ministers if necessary will also reply to the discussion and in case they want her to make a statement, we can even start with her making a statement and the discussion could be structured around her statement.
we left the option to the opposition which has not been accepted by them, he said.
the finance minister said government even offered to adjourn the house till lunch to enable the opposition to come prepared for a discussion on the issue, but the opposition was not ready for it.
to a question on the demand for swaraj's resignation raised by the opposition, jaitley said, let the facts come out and whether anyone is at fault or not, things will become clear.
he said the opposition had given a notice under rule 267 for suspension of question hour and proceedings and to take up a discussion against sushmaswaraj swaraj and some state leaders, including chief ministers.
jaitley, however, said state issues cannot be discussed in parliament as per past precedents and the federal politics of the country.
obviously state issues can't be discussed.
there has not been a single precedent in the history of indian parliament where state issues are discussed.
that's the part of federal politics of india.
but as far as other issues are concerned, we offered that we are ready for discussions and we are ready right now for a discussion, he said.
the lok sabha was today adjourned after paying homage to a deceased member dalip singh bhuria, but rajya sabha was disrupted by the opposition led by congress.
the rajya sabha saw repeated adjournments on the controversy over swraj helping the former ipl commissioner to get travel documents.
team bjp for 2014 poll campaignnew delhi, july 19, 2013, dhns: 2:58 istgujarat cm narendra modis growing acceptance in the party was visible on friday as the bjp announced names of 12 members of the central election campaign committee he heads.
but a footnote in the declaration also established patriarch l k advanis position, along with that of president rajnath singh and ailing ex-pm atal bihari vajpayee, to guide the poll panel that will be aided by 20 sub-committees in the campaign.
the members of central election campaign committee are former party presidents nitin gadkari and venkaiah naidu, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar, thawar chand gehlot, ramlal and three cms  chhattisgarhs raman singh, mps shivraj singh chouhan and goas manohar parrikar.
all the sub-committees will be steered under the leadership of narendra modi.
.
.
the party has given modi the responsibility of 2014 elections.
.
.
under his leadership the whole campaign will move forward, general secretary ananth kumar told reporters on friday evening.
the names of the various panels were cleared by a parliamentary board in its meeting chaired by the party president.
there were some differences on the names, which were sorted out subsequently.
senior party leader murli manohar joshi has been made in-charge of the manifesto panel.
he will be assisted by jaswant singh, yashwant sinha, sushil modi and shahnawaz hussain, who are among the 15-odd members of the committee.
similarly, gadkari has also been asked to pay special attention to delhi for the forthcoming assembly election there, apart from putting together the partys vision document.
sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, amit shah and sudhanshu trivedi will be part of the electronic, print and outdoor media campaign committee.
the opposition party has also decided to come up with a charge sheet against the upa and congress-ruled states for misgovernment and corruption, and the current economic crisis.
we will present it to the people, said ananth kumar.
some other panels have been formed to reach out to the youth through social media, court first-time voters and for crowd-sourcing.
kumar said the new voters category is crucial as it forms 20 per cent of the electorate.
modis aide amit shah, late pramod mahajans daughter poonam mahajan, cricketer-turned-mp navjot singh sidhu and trivendra rawat will work together to rope in these voters.
new delhi, mar 2, 2013, dhns: 1:45 istrajnath to consult senior leadersit became apparent on the second day of the bjp conclave here that efforts are underway to elevate gujarat chief minister narendra modi to the partys central leadership.
while party president rajnath singh lauded the hindutva poster boys transformation into a successful, development-oriented politician, the bjp national council made way for including modi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan into the partys parliamentary board.
singh will consult senior leaders like l k advani before starting the exercise.
a decision is expected by the end of the month.
besides, the national council empowered singh to constitute fresh election and disciplinary committees.
this is a routine exercise that every party president undergoes.
singh showered encomiums on modi for being the only bjp chief minister to have retained power for three successive terms.
chauhan and chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh have achieved this feat twice.
modi has made a hat trick.
we were delighted to hear about his victory.
we had never seen a bjp chief minister win three consecutive terms.
his development model has been lauded by all, even at the international forum.
be it the us or the european union, all have praised his good governance, singh said.
he walked the extra mile to garland the gujarat chief minister and exhorted party members to give modi a standing ovation.
it wont be proper to welcome modi with mere words.
he deserves a good round of applause, a standing ovation, singh said.
several party leaders like yashwant sinha had publicly rooted for modi as the bjps prime ministerial candidate.
even rss chief mohan bhagwat had described him as a friend and an able administrator.
other leaders also chimed in, with delhi state president vijay goel saying that it appears as if not manmohan singh but modi is the prime minister.
this is what even the children believe.
bjp spokesperson prakash javadekar said while sunil gavaskar and sachin tendulkar had created records in cricket, modi did the same in the field of agriculture since gujarat has achieved 10 per cent growth in the last decade.
many party members believe that the bjps poll prospects will be rejuvenated if modi was projected as the prime ministerial candidate.
however, such an action may cost the support of nda partner jd(u).
even the trinamool congress in bengal is likely to shy away from joining the nda in that case.
it may become difficult for the bjp to hold on to secular parties.
singh also reached out to all senior leaders, including advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitely and nitin gadkari, and appealed to the people to bury their differences and come together.
the bjp probably believes that it can sway the 2014 elections in its favour, since singhs speech appeared to be a manifesto with references to several poll promises.
criticising the centre for failing to contain terrorism, singh assured the people that a strong anti-terror law will be enacted if the bjp comes to power.
the upa government had repealed the draconian pota, which was introduced in the nda regime.
if the government is so serious on the issue of terrorism that it wants to make an anti-terrorism institution like the proposed national counter terrorism centre, then why is it not keen on enacting an anti-terrorism law at the centre, singh said.
amazon india chief writes to sushmaswaraj , apologisesjan 13, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:59 istamazon on thursday apologised for putting on sale doormats designed like the national flag of india  a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned the global e-commerce giant with stern action.
to the extent that these items offered by a third party seller in canada offended indian sensibilities, amazon regrets the same.
at no time did we intend or mean to offend indian sentiments, amit agarwal, vice president and country manager of amazon india, wrote to the external affairs minister on thursday.
agarwal wrote to sushmaswaraj that a third-party seller, not amazon, had listed doormats designed like the national flag of india for sale in canada.
after learning of the products listing, we immediately removed them from the canadian website and implemented measures to ensure that these products could not be sold on any of our marketplaces or websites, the amazon india country manager said.
india on wednesday threatened to deny visa to any official of amazon unless the global e-commerce giant apologised for trying to sell tricolour doormats in canada.
sushma also threatened to withdraw the visas already issued to the officials of the e-commerce company for their visits to india, if amazon did not provide an unconditional apology and withdraw all products insulting the tricolour.
she also asked acting high commissioner of canada to india, arun kumar sahu, to lodge a protest with the top brass of amazon.
agarwal on thursday wrote to sushmaswaraj that amazon remained steadfastly committed to india, as evident by its chief executive officer jeff bezos announcement last year of plans to invest $5 billion in the country.
we value immensely our relationship with the indian government, the countrys entrepreneurs and innovators and most importantly our indian customers and employees, he added.
indian community in canada as well as social media users early last week strongly reacted after amazon canada started selling the doormats, themed not only on tricolour of india, but also on national flags of other countries.
an online petition was signed by over 3,000 people to force amazon to apologise and remove the tricolour doormats from its site.
the strong protests over social media forced the e-commerce major to remove the doormats from its portal in canada by the middle of last week.
swaraj, however, swung into action on wednesday after a twitter user atul bhobe posted on the micro-blogging website an old screen-shot of the portal of amazon canada, showing on sale the doormats themed on the national flag of india.
mixed bag for political dynasties in haryanachandigarh, oct 19, 2014, (ians): 18:00 istit was a mixed bag for political dynasties in haryana where the bjp triumphed and is now all set to form the government, for the first ever time on its own strength.
one of the main issues on which prime minister narendra modi and the bjp campaigned aggressively in the run-up to the haryana assembly elections was to put an end the rule of political dynasties in the state.
though the state's electorate has vested the bharatiya janata party (bjp) with power, to the candidates from political families, it has given a mixed bag.
the indian national lok dal (inld), which was trying for a comeback in this election after being out of power since 2005, will have to sit in opposition for five more years.
in fact, the inld has been reduced from its tally of 31 seats in the 2009 assembly polls to just 19 seats.
representing the political dynasty of former deputy prime minister devi lal, the inld will hardly have any reasons to rejoice after the announcement of election results sunday.
while two members of the family, inld president and former chief minister om prakash chautala's (who is the son of devi lal) younger son abhay chautala and daughter-in-law naina chautala (wife of second son, ajay chautala) won their assembly seats, dushyant chautala, ajay and naina chautala's son and om prakash's grandson, lost from the high-profile uchana kalan in jind district.
dushyant, 26, who was elected to the lok sabha from the hisar constituency in may this year, was defeated by premlata singh, wife of congressman-turned bjp leader birender singh.
the singhs come from the family of social reformer sir chhotu ram.
i am thankful to the people of sirsa district who helped the inld win all five assembly seats in sirsa, said abhay chautala, looking upset about the inld failing to come to power yet again.
in the family of former chief minister bhajan lal too, two victories and a loss on the same day may not have brought much cheer either.
while bhajan lal's younger son kuldeep bishnoi, who is the president of the haryana janhit congress (hjc), and his wife renuka bishnoi won from their strongholds of adampur and hansi in hisar district, bhajan lal's elder son and former deputy chief minister chander mohan was defeated from the nalwa assembly segment.
from the family of former chief minister bansi lal, his son ranbir singh mahendra, a former president of the board of control for cricket in india (bcci), lost from the badhra assembly constituency.
but bansi lal's daughter-in-law kiran chaudhary retained her tosham seat comfortably.
union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's sister, vandana sharma, who was a bjp candidate, lost from the safidon seat by a small margin after a bitter contest.
controversial former minister gopal kanda, who floated the haryana lokhit party (hlp) before the elections, and his brother gobind kanda too lost from the sirsa and rania assembly constituencies.
former union minister venod sharma, who remained a close confidant of outgoing chief minister bhupinder singh hooda for nine years from march 2005 but floated his haryana jan chetna party before the polls recently, too lost from the ambala city assembly segment.
sharma too comes from a chandigarh-based political family with strong congress connections.
sharma's wife shakti rani, too lost from the kalka constituency.
opp says onus of running parliament on govtnew delhi, jul 24, 2015 (pti) 15:36 iststicking to the demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping controversial former ipl chief lalit modi, opposition parties led by congress today insisted that it is for the government to find a solution to end the logjam in parliament.
hitting out at prime minister narendra modi, they alleged he was trying to continue with his tradition of retaining tainted ministers in cabinet as he did in gujarat when he was the chief minister.
referring to a 'dharna' by bjp members against disruption in parliament, opposition parties including bsp and jd(u), who are protesting over vyapam and lalit modi related issues, said that rather than hold such demonstrations, government should take action against those facing serious allegations.
government, however insisted that it was ready to discuss the issues raised by opposition which, it claimed, was running from a debate.
with government and opposition trading charges over complete washout of parliament proceedings this week, congress spokesperson raj babbar said, discussion can only happen when the tainted ministers are relieved from the cabinet.
after that there should be investigation and then discussion.
it is the government's responsibility to run the house, he told reporters, adding that the government is trying very hard to find excuses.
attacking the prime minister, babbar said that when modi was the chief minister of gujarat, individuals who faced serious allegations like maya kodnani, purshottam solanki and babubhai bokhriya remained ministers in his government.
modi wants the same tradition to be repeated at the centre.
he is travelling around the globe and giving speeches but is silent in india, babbar said.
bsp chief mayawati also insisted that there should be resignation before discussion.
rather that hold dharna demonstrations, the government should take action against people who have violated norms.
action means resignation, then discussion, she said.
expressing similar views, jd(u) leader sharad yadav asked who were the ruling party members protesting against when they themselves had been vested with power.
you have not been chosen for dharna demonstration but to find solutions to problems, yadav said adding that if ruling party members themselves sit in protest, it reflects their helplessness.
home minister rajnath singh, however, said that the government was willing to discuss the issues on which the opposition was seeking adjournments.
but opposition does not want discussion, so what can we do, he said, while dismissing the demand for resignation of swaraj.
there is no basis for it, he said.
environment and forests minister prakash javadekar accused the congress of shoot and scoot tactics claiming that the party ran from debate when it was in power and was doing the same when in opposition.
however jd(u) leader sharad yadav said that it is the government's responsibility to find solution to problem.
yadav said that it was not for the first time that opposition was asking for resignation of a minister and that there were earlier instances like in the case of madhavsinh solanki, natwar singh, ashwani kumar and others.
babbar said the prime minister was not finding his voice on issues like vyapam or how those accused of helping persons facing allegations in india continue to be a part of the cabinet.
he also dismissed the allegations levelled by bjp against congress chief ministers of himachal pradesh and uttarakhand.
the allegations against virbhadra singh have been repeated earlier, he said, adding that the matter is in court.
on uttarakhand government, he said an inquiry has been constituted into the cd issue.
new delhi, mar 23 ,2016 (pti) 21:06 istan infosys employee from bengaluru has been missing in brussels since the deadly terror attacks and the indian embassy in the belgian capital was making efforts to locate him.
the missing employee has been identified as raghavendran ganesh.
we are doing our best to locate raghavendran ganesh, swaraj tweeted.
official sources said ganesh is an infosys employee and hails from bengaluru.
both nidhi and amit are from mumbai.
i have just spoken to manjeev puri, our ambassador in brussels.
he has informed me that nidhi and amit are both recovering well, she said.
the airport is still not open.
this may take some time.
we are coordinating with @jetairways on alternate plans to evacuate our citizens, she said.
the airline, which has cancelled its flight services to brussels till tomorrow in view of the closure of the airport following yesterday's blasts, also said its teams are closely working with the local authorities for resumption of operations.
brussels airport serves as the mumbai-based airline's european hub for its international operations, which is now being relocated to dutch capital amsterdam from coming sunday.
infosys spokesperson said following the attacks, infosys reached out to all its employees in brussels to ascertain their whereabouts and safety.
with the exception of one employee who we are trying to reach, we have been able to connect with all other employees.
we are in touch with the missing employee's family and are working with the indian embassy and local authorities in brussels to locate our employee on priority, the spokesperson said in reply to an email query.
swaraj also spoke to ganesh's mother.
i have spoken to raghavendran's mother mrs annapoorni.
i assured her that we will spare no effort to locate her son in brussels, she tweeted.
the minister said he had spoken to his mother an hour before the blasts in brussels.
he spoke to his mother an hour before the blasts in brussels.
new delhi, jan 28, 2015 (ians) 17:31 istprime minister narendra modi wednesday said ncc was a mini india and it displays the unity in diversity that is the country's strength.
speaking at the ncc rally here, the prime minister said it brought back memories of his childhood when he was a cadet of the national cadet corps (ncc).
the prime minister revealed that defence minister manohar parrikar, minister of state for defence rao inderjit singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, bjp's delhi chief minister candidate kiran bedi and actor-turned-parliamentarian jaya bachchan were all ncc cadets.
i was also an ncc cadet but was never selected to come to delhi, he said.
i am standing in front of a mini india, a miniature of india's future.
.
.
our country is full of diversities, and unity in diversity is the beauty and strength of our nation.
and this is what keeps inspiring us, he added.
we are blessed that we are a youthful nation.
our dreams are young, our energy is youthful.
the prime minister called upon ncc cadets to plan a unique nationwide celebration of the first international yoga day june 21.
he urged them to work towards a record-setting performance, which would send a strong inspirational message across the world.
modi said yoga has now acquired a global character, and as the country in which yoga originated, we should show the world that yoga can be an important component of a balanced, strong mankind.
modi to visit france in april; invites french companiesnew delhi, feb 5, 2015 (pti) 19:44 istprime minister narendra modi today invited french companies to take advantage of make in india programme in various sectors while pointing out the liberalised fdi regime in india.
this was conveyed to french foreign minister laurent fabius when he called on modi.
recalling his meeting with president hollande on the sidelines of the g-20 summit in brisbane last year, the prime minister said that he was looking forward to his visit to france in april.
prime minister modi and fabius discussed key areas of bilateral cooperation, including space, defence, railways, smart cities, tourism, sustainable development, energy and climate change, an official release said here.
modi also conveyed condolences to the victims of recent terror attacks in france, and expressed india's solidarity with the people of france.
had a wonderful meeting with france's minister of foreign affairs and international development, modi tweeted.
fabius, who is here to attend three-day delhi sustainable development summit that began today, had held talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during which the two leaders discussed cooperation in key areas of energy, climate and trade.
they talked on all the strategic issues, the spokesperson in the external affairs ministry said.
asked if swaraj briefed his french counterpart on recent breakthrough in the indo-us nuclear deal, he said it was normal to keep them informed about the major developments in the field of energy, where india and france share a robust relations.
it (indo-us nuclear breakthrough) was discussed but not in a granular form, he added, noting that the template is already set for the indo-french nuclear cooperation.
france, whose company areva is involved in the 9900 mw jaitapur power plant project, has always maintained that they were ready to work within indian domestic liability law.
who working to incorporate yoga into universal healthcareunited nations, jun 20 , 2015, (pti) 12:17 istthe world health organisation is closely working with centres in india and across the world to support the unique knowledge of yoga with scientific evidence and incorporate it into universal healthcare approaches, a senior official of the agency has said.
yoga is used in many settings in which the health challenges are being addressed and it has a very prominent place in the holistic approach through prevention and control of health disorders, nata menabde, executive director, who office to the un told reporters here yesterday ahead of the international yoga day on june 21.
she said the ancient vedic gift of india to the world, needs to be studied and supported by scientific evidence and then incorporated in to the approaches to universal healthcare.
she said who is working closely with collaborating centres in india and across the world to bring this unique knowledge and to support it with scientific evidence to incorporate and standardise some of the practices of yoga.
who is also looking to bring yoga into education of medical practitioners since it is a challenge to standardise yoga practice.
addressing the press briefing, india's permanent representative to the un ambassador asoke mukerji said by commemorating the yoga day globally, india hopes that through the popularisation of yoga we will be able to tackle some of the biggest challenges that we face as mankind including in the area of global health.
he said an estimated two billion people across 192 nations would have participated in commemorating the first international day of yoga by the end of june 21.
massive preparations are underway to commemorate the first international day of yoga on sunday.
the headline event will be at the un headquarters where india's external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be joined by un secretary general ban ki-moon, president of the general assembly sam kutesa, congresswoman tulsi gabbard, spiritual leader sri sri ravi shankar and several other diplomats.
the secretary-general will deliver a keynote address at the event at the un headquarters.
ban's spokesperson stephane dujarric told reporters that the un chief may partake in some yoga when asked if he would also be practising some form of yoga on the international day.
mukerji said 256 cities in 192 countries will celebrate the first annual day of yoga.
it is estimated that two billion will have participated by the end of june 21 in commemorating the yoga day, across the world with the only exception of conflict-ridden yemen, mukerji said.
he said swaraj will preside over the two-hour commemoration tomorrow at the world body to be attended by hundreds, including school children from india and the un international school.
he added that swaraj will be representing india as the country which had initiated the idea of having an annual international yoga day.
swaraj, along with the un chief and the unga president, would then head to times square where an estimated 30,000 people would practice yoga and where the un celebrations would also be broadcast live on giant electric screens.
apart from her participation at the un headquarters, swaraj is expected to attend a lecture and demonstration of yoga at the hindu temple society of north american and at an event at lincoln centre featuring sri sri ravi shankar.
menabde said 20 million americans, including some of the biggest names in entertainment and business, practice yoga.
yoga is a key symbol of the civilisation that india is, she said adding that the new day proposed by india is a very important contribution to the future and wellbeing of people.
she said yoga has been incorporated by who in an attempt to promote alternative and traditional methods of medicine and to treat cardiovascular diseases, mental illnesses and to help the ageing population lead healthy lives.
she cited the example of how in goa, yoga is being combined with other therapies to treat mental disorders and it was proving beneficial.
swaraj was speaking at 'gita prerna mahotsav', organised to celebrate 5,151 years of religious book gita at the red fort maidan here where vhp president ashok singhal said prime minister narendra modi should immediately declare the sacred text of hindus as a national scripture.
the minister said she was able to face the challenges as external affairs minister only beacuse of the teachings of bhagwad gita.
she also said that the respect of a national scripture was accorded to gita when prime minister modi gifted it to us president barack obama during his visit to the country in september this year.
bhagwad gita has answers to everybody's problems and that's why i said it while standing in the parliament that, 'shrimad bhagwad gita' should be declared as the national holy book.
the formal announcement for it hasn't been made for it since the government came in power but swamiji maharaj, i am happy to say that the prime minister has already given it the honour of a national 'rashtriya granth' when he handed over the 'shrimad bhagwad gita' to america's president barack obama.
everyone should read two shlokas of gita everyday.
.
.
it is a scripture of 700 shlokas and it can be finished in a year.
read it again and continue this till the end.
after reading it three to four times, you will discover a path to lead a life, the way i discovered, she said, addressing the crowd.
when i read gita for the first time, i did not agree with the concept of whatever happens, happens for the best and whatever happens in future, will be for good.
but when i read it for the third and fourth time, i understood its meaning.
this has helped me all through my life.
even now, when i am handling the external affairs and the challenges related to it, she said.
referring to cases where people consume chocolates and pop pills to fight depression, she said, eating chocolates or popping pills won't reduce depression.
instead, one must read gita.
this will help relieve the stress and depression in life.
it will help in dealing with challenges of life.
reacting to swaraj's remarks, trinamool congress said, our constitution says india is a secular country.
the constitution is the holy book in a democracywe respect all holy books.
quran, puran, ved, vedanta, bible, tripitak, zend avesta, guru granth sahib, gita - all are our pride, the tmc said in a tweet.
congress leader manish tewari said the essence of the gita lies in its substance and not in its symbolism.
so, if anybody has seriously read and internalise the teachings of the gita they would not make such a frivolous statement, he said.
singhal said, there are two ways here.
first is to pass a bill and declare it as a national scripture.
but if the prime minister immediately declares it as a national scripture.
.
.
sushma swaraj is present here today.
as a member of the union cabinet, i request swaraj to make prime minister modi declare gita as the national scripture.
senior rss leader indresh kumar said the un should also declare gita divas as it is announcing june 21 as yoga day.
i only helped a woman suffering from cancer: sushmanew delhi, aug 07, 2015, dhns: 1:24 istminister mounts emotional defence in lok sabhaunder fire from the congress in the lalitgate issue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday mounted an emotional defence, claiming that she only helped a woman suffering from a life threatening ailment and that she extended no favours to former ipl chairman lalit modi.
the congress has launched a sustained campaign against sushmaswaraj for facilitating the travel documents for lalit, who was being probed for several economic offences and has been staying in britain since 2010, to visit his ailing wife undergoing treatment in portugal.
lalit modis wife faces no criminal case.
why should she be deprived of the support of her husband while being treated for cancer?
i want to ask sonia gandhi, what would you have done in my place?
she rejected allegations levelled by the congress that she had recommended to the british government the issue of travel documents to lalit modi.
i urged them to follow their own rules and regulations.
did i help lalit modi escape from india?
no.
did i ask the british government to give him travel documents?
she made it clear that she wanted to respond to the disinformation campaign launched against her and was waiting for long for an opportunity.
but i was unable to do so because of the ruckus created by the opposition in parliament, she said.
last week, swaraj had made a statement on the same issue in the rajya sabha, but it was drowned in the demands for her resignation from the agitating opposition members.
jaipur, june 24 , 2015, (pti) 11:52 istamidst a raging controversy over her ties with ex-ipl boss lalit modi, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje today cancelled her scheduled visit to london.
raje was scheduled to visit london for an interaction with business tycoons ahead of the rajasthan resurgent meet here in november.
the chief minister had to visit london from june 27 to july 2 but in view of the important niti aayog meeting she has cancelled her uk tour, a cmo spokesman said.
raje will be in delhi on june 28 to attend niti aayog's sub-committee meeting.
the rajasthan chief minister and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj have been facing flak for helping lalit modi procure travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
lalit modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league (ipl) became embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
raje is under attack from opposition congress leaders, who are demanding her immediate resignation for helping lalit modi procure travel documents.
congress today is holding a mass protest near civil lines railway crossing in the state capital to demand her resignation.
the chief minister has not given any public statement so far regarding the allegations against her and her son dushyant singh.
sanskrit should be propagated to purify minds of people:swarajbangkok, jun 28, 2015, (pti) 16:08 istsanskrit scholars from 60 countries began a five-day conference here today with an inaugural speech by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who suggested that sanskrit should be propagated so that it purifies the minds of the people and thus sanctifies the whole world.
speaking entirely in sanskrit to over 600 sanskrit experts, swaraj called it a modern and universal language and said its tradition is comparable to the river ganga.
the ganga remains sacred from gomukh, its source, to ganga sagar where it enters the ocean.
it sanctifies the tributaries, which attain the very nature of ganga.
similar is sanskrit; sacred by itself, it sanctifies all that come into its contact.
therefore, sanskrit should be propagated so that it purifies the minds of the people and thus sanctifies the whole world.
you sanskritists do bathe in the sacred sanskrit ganga and are blessed, she told the gathering.
knowledge in sanskrit will go a long way in finding solutions to the contemporary problems like global warming, unsustainable consumption, civilisational clash, poverty, terrorism etc, she said, adding a new direction and vision is needed in the field of research in sanskrit to accomplish this task.
citing a sanskrit shloka, she said that narrow minded people discriminate among people considering some as theirs and some as alien, while the broad minded consider the whole universe as theirs.
noting that today's need is a healthy amalgamation of the ancient and modern, a meeting of the best in orient and occident, she said, our efforts are to be directed towards narrowing the gap between the study of shastras and science.
this is for the first time that a union minister of her seniority has attended the world sanskrit conference outside the country and hence it indicates the importance that the nda government attaches to the promotion of the ancient language.
hrd minister smriti irani, whose ministry is partly funding the event, will attend its closing ceremony on july 2.
the world sanskrit conference, which was organised first in delhi in 1972, has been held in different countries since then.
it is held once after every three years.
of the 250 sanskrit scholars participating from india, around 30 were from the rss affiliate body sanskrit bharati this time.
particularly it has pioneered in introducing sanskrit as a foreign language for students in united states of america.
its efforts are commendable, she said.
the external affairs minister urged scholars to strive to improve the quality of its teaching and make it attractive.
it is not sufficient to praise sanskrit and detail its forte.
all sanskritists should deliberate upon what is to be done for the development of the language.
teaching of sanskrit should be attractive, its quality should improve, and research in sanskrit should be more functional, she said.
linking sanskrit with modern subjects, developing literature on contemporary issues, a scientific study of the available texts, and such assignments are to be taken up by sanskritists, she said.
these tasks have to be prioritised.
she held that only a subject that addresses contemporary concerns will be accepted by people, studied and followed and then only it will be popular and relevant.
for new inventions in science and technology fresh inputs are required.
these inputs are available in sanskrit, but inter-disciplinary research is necessary for achieving this goal.
groups of scholars in modern and ancient subjects have to work together and study sanskrit texts scientifically.
there should be coordinated programmes by institutions like indian institute of science, iits in collaboration with sanskrit universities.
workshops on sciences and shastras and special lecture sessions have to be organised.
proclaiming that it is not mere a language but a world view, the ministerreferred to percepts from sanskrit, which say that universality, characterised by harmony, common welfare, and inclusiveness can only bring together the warring factions in the universe by friendly overtures.
this concept of inclusiveness is unique to sanskrit, it is its culture.
just as mutual trust, love, harmony, cooperation and other inclusive features are essential for an individual family, so are harmony, trust and cooperation are necessary among different nations, different societies, and different sects and traditions in the family of universe.
to achieve this there is the vital necessity of the only excellent device, sanskrit, she said.
the award would carry with it a certificate and usd 20,000.
thai princess mahachakri sirindhon, herself a sanskrit scholar, is royal patron of the conference.
it would also provide opportunity for young new learners to visit india to study in graduate or post graduate classes or do research in sanskrit, she said.
making a strong pitch for taking examination of sanskrit degrees through sanskrit medium, swaraj rued that in graduate and post graduate courses, sanskrit is not taught through sanskrit medium and in the examinations the answers are written in languages other than sanskrit as the container is as important as the water it holds.
sanskrit language and the subjects in sanskrit are both vital alike.
however, in the present sanskrit scholars pay more attention to the subjects in sanskrit rather than the language.
this is not appropriate.
even the language is to be learnt so that all the teachers in and students of sanskrit can speak and write in sanskrit, she said.
thirty-one sessions are being organised in this conference from june 28 to july 2of which 24 are main sessions and seven auxiliary sessions.
patna, jul 24, 2015 , (pti): 20:03 istprotesting prime minister narendra modi's visit to bihar tomorrow, rajya sabha member and former union minister jairam ramesh today led congress' 'maha-dharna' here and called him maundenra modi (silent modi) for keeping mum over several scandals which have erupted recently.
he denounced modi for his anti-farmer, anti-bihar policies and failure to keep promises made to the people, saying he was coming again to the state to cheat its people.
leading the 'maha-dharna' at kargil chowk in the heart of the city, ramesh said narendra modi is actually 'maunendra modi'.
earlier he never backed from speaking his mind, but has become silent now.
so many scandals have erupted involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the party's chief ministers vasundhara raje, shivraj singh chauhan, raman singh and maharashtra minister pankaja munde, but he has refused to speak a single word.
ramesh said modi visited bihar several times during the lok sabha polls last year and made so many promises, but failed to fulfill them.
he is coming again to bihar ahead of the assembly polls.
he will again make several promises and cheat the innocent people of the state, he said.
flanked by bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc) president ashok chaudhary, congress legislature party (clp) leader sadanand singh, former kerala governor nikhil kumar and party workers, ramesh raised slogans like bihar virodhi, maunendra modi and sushmaswaraj , vasundhara, shivraj chauhan, loot rahe hain hindustan (sushma, vasundhara and shivraj chauhan are looting india).
the former union minister pointed out that the prime minister had promised 'special category' status to bihar during his hunkar rally on october 27, 2013 in patna if he came to power, but poured cold water on the dreams and aspiration of the people after becoming pm.
modi did become pm, but see what he did.
he did away with special category status for states, he said.
prime minister narendra modi must be regretting that he invited president barrack obama for the republic day.
the latter made no secret of demolishing the bjps ghar wapsi slogan and the other programmes related to the hindutva ideology.
he reminded india of its commitment to religious freedom, consecrated in the constitution.
a more charitable explanation can be that modi wanted his bjp to know what the democratic world thought about its new zeal for a hindu rashtra.
whatever the case, the bjp has got such a rebuke that it will be difficult for the party to show its face in the democratic world.
president obama reminded the india that it can succeed so long as it is not splintered along religious lines and allowed people to freely profess, practice and propagate religion.
whether the bjp has liked his frank statement or not, the nation as a whole is happy that tall leader like obama has reminded the country of its pluralistic ethos.
some bjp leaders are upset because they have been hinting at building the ram temple at the site where the demolished babri masjid stood.
the visit of president obama has some other fallout regarding indias status in the international affairs.
probably, realising this, one pakistani television channel telephoned me to sum up the outcome of obamas visit.
i said in reply: a tilt towards america to the chagrin of china.
even during the cold war when new delhi was leading the non-alignment movement, its deference to moscow was apparent.
since india provided a stable and reliable channel to the soviet union, washington would take new delhis tilt in its stride.
prime minister narendra modi, a post-cold war leader, is conscious of americas military and economic prowess, compared to weak russias.
he is also pragmatic enough to bring that in consideration when looking ahead.
he has cautiously moved towards america knowing well which side of the bread is buttered.
it may soon be followed by proximity with australia and japan.
these two countries are already on the american side.
washington seems to have no doubt in its thinking that its real adversary is beijing.
america cannot find a better partner than a larger and economically burgeoning india.
that is the reason why beijing has reacted adversely to president obamas visit and has warned india not to be taken in by americas overtures.
new delhi is aware of chinas sensitivities.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is visiting beijing to assure it that indias friendship with america is not at the expense of china.
beijing is not nave about the possible dangers.
it understands that india is the only power in the region which can challenge china.
true, its 1962 victory against india is a heady wine which still intoxicates beijing.
but it also knows that new delhi has come a long way since.
it realises that new delhi is militarily stronger and more resourceful than it was in 1962.
then the non-aligned status of india was a bone of contention with america.
still, it responded to jawaharlal nehrus request for weapons and air umbrella.
it is another thing that beijing announced a unilateral ceasefire after making pulp of indias military strength and defeating it decisively.
president obamas visit is a guarantee that india would not be alone if ever such a situation develops again.
it can feel secure after his visit.
new delhi tried its best to wean america away from pakistan.
modi reportedly talked more than once to obama, but he could only get support for action against terrorists.
in washingtons scheme of things, pakistans support is essential in the war against terrorists.
in principle, there cannot be any difference on this point.
yet, the reality is that hafiz muhammad saeed, urging jihad against us, is openly preaching hatred against india.
the pakistan government owned organisation ran a special train to facilitate travel of his supporters to attend his rally.
pak scared of talibanon top of it all, there is no serious interest in pursuing the 26/11 attack on mumbai where some 200 people were killed.
judge after judge has been transferred.
there are hearings all over again.
pakistan is afraid of the taliban inside and outside the country in proceeding with the case, much less taking action against the perpetrators.
president obamas statement that they should be brought to book makes little sense when he has done nothing to ensure some action.
it is obvious that he does not go beyond a point lest he should embarrass pakistan.
yet, america is the only country which can force pakistan deliver.
pakistan denied that jammat-ud-dawa has been banned.
only its back account has been frozen.
washington should exert more pressure.
i wish president obama should have used his good offices to arrange a meeting between india and pakistan.
however divergent their viewpoints are, the two countries might find a way to have trade and tourism.
once the two countries meet, they may find other avenues for cooperation.
with trust deficit on the one hand, and no contact with each other on the other, the gulf between the two is bound to grow further.
obamas offer to finance solar energy production may prod new delhi to go for this type of power in a big way.
their expansion or installation of new ones can produce so much power that it can be transmitted across the border.
pakistan is presently short of power.
washington can pursue obamas suggestion and ensure that india share the additional production.
there may be other economic avenues which, if followed, can increase indias earning.
his personal interest in such projects will not only ensure their early completion but also impress on new delhi that the economic sinews are the best ties that can bind india and pakistan together.
ramdev has a narrow escape, to stay in nepal for relief workkathmandu/new delhi, apr 25, 2015, pti: 22:33 istyoga guru ramdev had a narrow escape during the devastating earthquake in kathmandu today as a dais from which he had addressed a gathering collapsed soon after he stepped down.
the yoga teacher also said that he saw a multi-story building collapsing and many people were trapped inside it.
ramdev is in the nepalese capital with his associate acharya balkrishan for his yoga shivir from april 24 to 29.
narrating the incident in a state of shock and grief, ramdev said that in front of his eyes, an old multi-storey building collapsed and many lives were trapped inside, said an official statement released from his office.
he wishes to be there in this hour of crisis.
according to ramdev, massive damage to property and loss of lives was caused in nepal.
he has seen such natural disaster for the first time and was not in a position to understand what actions he should take in first place.
the statement further claimed that over two lakh people had assembled in tundi khel maidan -- the venue of yoga shivir and also kathmandu's largest open area -- and taken shelter there.
patanjali yogpeeth in nepal has started all possible emergency and relief operation through doctors and volunteers.
cooking of food for people assembled in the ground has begun on massive scale, the statement added.
ramdev expressed solidarity with the people of nepal in this tough time.
he also appealed to the government of india and prime minister narendra modi to help affected people on priority.
he has postponed the ceremonial schedule of inauguration of first patanjali ayurved college and hospital and of laying of foundation of first acharyakulam in nepal.
modi is akin to indira gandhi, rahul is no leader: rajdeep sardesainew delhi, nov 4, 2014, (ians) 15:59 istprime minister narendra modi is like indira gandhi in leadership style, and he has also instilled a sense of fear in his cabinet colleagues, a book by veteran journalist and well known television anchor rajdeep sardesai says.
the book, 2014 the election that changed india (penguin/viking), also says that congress vice president rahul gandhi has failed to show any quality as a leader and is hardly respected by his own party colleagues.
modi is perhaps closest to indira gandhi in his personality driven leadership style, an imperious attitude that ensures that institutions remain subservient to the individual, the riveting 372-page book says.
much like indira, modi in power is in no mood to reach out to the opposition, says sardesai, referring to the bharatiya janata party's refusal to recognize the congress as the leader of the opposition in parliament.
modi, the book says, is determined to exercise tight control over the cabinet system.
there is a certain fear factor that modi has instilled in his cabinet colleagues, the author says, adding how a minister in the modi government told him (sardesai) to enter his house from the back entrance.
the unnamed minister also insisted that they do not speak in his main hall but in the garden behind the residence.
you never know which room is bugged nowadays!
the minister is quoted as saying.
according to the book, the original list of cabinet and other ministers in modi's government was prepared by modi confidants arun jaitley and amit shah and then vetted by the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss).
the final touches, including portfolio distribution, were done by the prime minister himself.
according to sardesai, modi implicitly trusted jaitley, now the finance and defence minister, but did not trust sushmaswaraj swaraj, who heads the external affairs ministry.
there was even a suggestion that modi had elevated smriti (irani as the hrd minister) because he wanted to send out a message to sushmaswaraj (swaraj) that she wasn't the only woman face of the bjp.
the book adds: apart from jaitley and a few others, modi wasn't convinced about the abilities of many of his cabinet colleagues.
in contrast to modi, rahul gandhi has singularly failed to show any quality that marks him out as a leader who can lift a struggling party, the book says.
he is probably the first member of the nehru-gandhi family who doesn't even command the respect of his own party men.
according to sardesai, dynasty alone will not sustain the congress although the gandhi family remains both an asset and a liability.
the congress, badly mauled in the lok sabha battle, needs to throw up a merit-driven, mass-based leadership that can usher in new ideas and energies.
describing modi as a tough, dynamic politician, the book says: challenging him will require the congress to move beyond its time-worn slogans and identify more directly with the aspirations of a younger, more impatient india.
the book concludes: if a congress under (jawaharlal) nehru ushered in india's republican constitution, a bjp led by modi could well redefine the idea of india, or at least the way it is governed.
veto lies with pak on solution to indo-china border issue: natwar singhnew delhi, apr 21, 2015, (pti) 17:53 istahead of prime minister narendra modi's proposed visit to china next month, former external affairs minister natwar singh today said that it is pakistan which would have the veto on a final solution to the sino- indian border issue.
china-india relations are tied up with sino-pakistan relations.
in a final decision on the sino-indian border resolution, pakistan will have the veto.
that is the reality, singh said.
he was speaking at a discussion here at united services institute of india on the book, 'india-china boundary issues - quest for settlement', authored by former ambassador ranjit singh kalha, who had led the indian side for the india-china boundary sub-group negotiations from 1985 to 1988.
referring to a statement by present external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj after her china visit, singh said, she (swaraj) innocently said the chinese have agreed to let india become a permanent member of the un security council.
what the chinese mean is that they would like india to play an active role in the un.
the former diplomat pointed out that china, with the sole veto which today represents the interests of asia, latin america and south america in the security council, would never allow india to come in and share what they are enjoying.
besides, even if china agreed to back india's bid for a permanent seat, it is not going to be the only country, he said.
there would be a package of one muslim country, brazil, nigeria or south africa, indonesia, singh said, adding that the reform of unsc depends very much on china.
stating that the resolution of the indo-china border dispute was of the utmost importance, singh said that former prime minister jawaharlal nehru had made an error of judgement when dealing with china.
the chinese practice realpolitik and we don't.
that is the fundamental fact, he added.
singh, who has served under rajiv gandhi and manmohan singh, meanwhile, said that the world is deeply interested to find out what kind of politician is the indian prime minister.
modi has gone to china as chief minister of gujarat many times and he has to move out of the gujarat syndrome, he said.
recalling his meeting with modi a few weeks before he became prime minister, singh said he told him that he had not mentioned foreign policy in his several speeches.
i told him that as the pm, you will design the foreign policy.
the world is a very complicated place and so is india.
from gandhinagar, we get one view of india and from delhi another view, from shangai another view.
we get one view of the world from delhi and another from washington, from moscow, from beijing and london, he said, adding that foreign policy is what you do and diplomacy how you do it.
he said it was unfortunate that the external affairs minister is not to be seen when the prime minister travels abroad.
as a foreign minister, if she goes with the pm, she will meet with all her colleagues, singh said.
india setting conditions for resumption of talks ironical: pakislamabad, jun 2, 2015 (pti) 18:22 istpakistan today hit back at india for setting conditions for the resumption of talks, calling it ironical.
when india keeps violating ceasefire at the line of control and the working boundary, indulges in worst human rights violations against helpless kashmiris in indian occupied kashmir, and undertakes subversive activities in pakistan, then asking pakistan to create an environment free of violence only sounds ironical, pakistan pm's adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz said.
his remarks comes days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reaffirmed adherence to three conditions including having an atmosphere free of terror and violence as a precursor to any engagement with pakistan and demanded action against terrorists including let commander zakiur rehman lakhvi who is facing trial in the mumbai attack case.
in a detailed rejoinder issued by the foreign office here, aziz also referred to the recent articulation of indian policy by defence minister manohar parrikar, which, he said, has confirmed pakistan's apprehensions regarding india's involvement in terrorism in pakistan.
he expressed surprise over swaraj's remarks that multi- billion dollar pakistan-china economic corridor is not acceptable and said this mega project is all about regional connectivity and economic development and prosperity of the common people of the entire region.
there is dichotomy in the indian statements on their pronouncements on the importance of the regional connectivity for development and their negative comments about cpec, he said.
aziz said pakistan maintains a policy of non-interference in other countries' bilateral relations and expects the same from others to refrain from commenting on pakistan's bilateral relations with other countries.
he also said pakistan's policy all along has been that all outstanding disputes, particularly the dispute of jammu and kashmir, should be resolved through dialogue and it has conveyed to india that it remains committed to dialogue, provided india is ready.
he said pakistan believes in a sustained, comprehensive and result-oriented dialogue.
india exerting diplomatic pressure to ban masood azhar: govtnew delhi, may 4, 2016, (pti) 15:23 istwith china blocking india's bid at the united nations to proscribe jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar, government today said it is exerting diplomatic pressure to remove the technical hold and get a ban imposed on him.
minister of state for external affairs v k singh told the lok sabha that india has also told china that there cannot be selective approach when it comes to terrorism.
last month, china had blocked india's bid at the un to ban azhar, the jaish-e-mohammad (jem) chief and mastermind of the pathankot terror attack.
during question hour, singh said the move to ban azhar is on technical hold at the un.
hum zor dal rahe hai (we are putting pressure) through diplomatic channels to ensure that it is done away with, he noted.
china is among the five permanent members of the un security council (unsc) and has veto powers.
the others are france, russian federation, the uk, and the us.
the un had banned the jem but india's efforts for a ban on azhar after the 2008 mumbai terror attack also did not fructify as china did not allow the ban.
on reforms at the un, singh said the expansion in both permanent and non-permanent category of its membership would be an essential element of the reforms at the unsc.
referring to the four permanent member countries, singh said hamari baat ko samarthan karte hain (they support our demand for reforms).
on china, he said the country understands india's position and is of the view that india should have the opportunity to do good work at the un.
we are seeking enough support for unsc membership and leaders of the country who visit overseas raise this issue, singh said and noted that reforms in the un is a long process.
this has been expressed in various forms and fora including in bilateral discussions with the government of india, she said.
a series of initiatives involving bilateral and multilateral platforms continue to be taken in pursuance of permanent membership in an expanded unsc, she said.
india is also actively engaged in the ongoing inter- governmental negotiations on unsc reforms at the un and is working alongside other reform oriented countries through the g-4 (india, japan, brazil and germany) and the l.69 (a cross regional grouping of developing countries) groupings, she added.
to another query, she said that india is not a member of the '1267/1989/2254 isil (da'esh) and al-qaeda sanctions committee' since the country is not member of the unsc.
the 15 members of the unsc are the members of this committee.
a 10-member 'analytical support and sanctions monitoring team' (monitoring team) comprising of independent experts, assist the sanctions committee.
the matter has been taken up strongly with the government of pakistan at various levels, she told the lok sabha during question hour.
members of the high commission of india have been subjected to intrusive surveillance, including tailing by the intelligence and security personnel of the pakistan government, the minister said.
replying to a question on ill treatment of indian diplomats, she referred to several incidents in pakistan and other countries in the past few years and said after the issues were raised with the respective governments, such actions have not been repeated in these countries except pakistan.
she also said the government was making all efforts to ensure that the united states drops all charges against ifs officer devyani khobragade, whose arrest in new york two years ago had led to a diplomatic standoff between the two nations.
india and the us have initiated an official dialogue to comprehensively address all aspects related to the case against khobragade and all issues arising from differing perspectives on diplomatic privileges and immunities.
the former indian diplomat, then serving in the us, was arrested in new york on december 12, 2013 on charges of visa fraud and false statement and released on bail the same day.
this had led to a major diplomatic standoff between india and the us.
swaraj also cited other instances of mistreatment of indian diplomats in the last few years which occured in slovenia, romania, albania and pakistan, besides such treatment meted out to eminent indian citizens, including former president a p j abdul kalam who was subjected to frisking at new york airport against protocols.
ftti strike enters 2nd month, chorus against chauhan's appointment grows loudernew delhi, jul 12, 2015, (pti) 19:05 istas the strike by ftii students entered the second month, the chorus against appointment of gajendra chauhan as its chairman grew louder today with filmmakers kundan shah and aziz mirza saying he should step down.
with the students of the prestigious film and television institute of india(ftti) unrelenting in their demand for revoking the appointment of chauhan, a bjp member and tv actor, congress demanded a clarification from information and broadcasting minister arun jaitley on the chairman's credentials to hold the post.
shah, an ftii alumni shah, who is known for making the cult classic jaane bhi do yaaro, said appointing chauhan as the chairman is an absurd decision.
isn't the whole issue shameful?
it's a shameful decision by the ministry.
who knows this man (chauhan)?
just see his body of work?
by appointing such a person, what is the government trying to do?
he's completely unwilling to step down despite so much of chaos.
it's very sad.
what country we are living in?
shah told pti.
echoing similar sentiments, mirza said, chauhan should step down as he is not wanted.
chauhan is putting up a flop show by not resigning.
he should step down soon.
even students are being persistent, he added.
chauhan, however, remains unfazed, maintaining that he has been appointed on the merit of his 34 years experience in the showbiz career.
celebrated cinematographer santhosh sivan, actress pallavi joshi and national award-winning filmmaker jahnu barua have resigned as members of the ftii society in support of the striking students.
film personalities like adoor gopalakrishnan, anupam kher, rishi kapoor, ranbir kapoor, amol palekar, resul pookutty, kiran rao, rajkummar rao, sudhir mishra, sayeed mirza and piyush mishra among others have voiced their opposition to chauhan's appointment.
targeting the government over the ftii chairman row, congress made light of its explanation that chauhan was appointed as he can devote time to the institute, saying it won't wash as even a peon has ample time and demanded a clarification from jaitley.
jaitley who usually clarifies on several issues and had even backed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, should speak on this issue.
this is especially necessary as he is reported to have said that chauhan's was not the best choice, party spokesman raj babbar told reporters.
a german national was allegedly attacked by two men with surgical blades and robbed of his wallet and cellphone in north delhi's kotwali area, police said today.
i have asked for a report on the attack on german national in delhi.
i have asked delhi government to provide him best medical treatment, she tweeted.
according to the police, the incident took place at around 10.
26 pm yesterday near the geeta colony flyover.
the victim, benjamin janis schult, had taken a cycle rickshaw from outside chandni chowk metro station to go to a bus stand for boarding an amritsar-bound bus.
however, the rickshaw-puller kept cycling around different lanes in the area and also asked an accomplice to board the vehicle.
he told the tourist that he is his friend.
they kept on roaming around and when the tourist asked him where he was taking him, the rickshaw-puller replied in english saying, 'i am taking you to the right place', a police officer said.
they took the german national to a secluded spot beneath the geeta colony flyover where they attacked and robbed him.
the two attacked him with surgical blades.
he suffered injuries to his face and elbow.
they snatched away his wallet containing around rs 9,000 and his cellphone, said the officer.
however, schult, who is trained in martial arts, managed to fight off his attackers and even escaped from them.
he climbed the flyover and stopped and boarded a passing car.
they met a police team on the way which rushed to the spot of the attack but found that the accused had fled.
dcp (north) jatin narwal said that the rickshaw has been seized and they are on the lookout for the accused, one of whom has been identified.
police are also scanning the cctv footage from outside chandni chowk metro station.
police said schult is in india on a tourist visa.
he has been visiting various places since last month and is staying at a guest house in laxmi nagar area here.
her remarks came in the backdrop of pakistan cricket board (pcb) chairman shaharyar khan's recent visit to india to push for resumption of indo-pak cricket ties.
khan, in a joint press statement with bcci president jagmohan dalmiya in kolkata, proposed a series comprising three tests, five odis and two t20s in uae in december this year.
the bcci has, however, not given any categorical statement yet on the proposed series and the venue.
no decision has been taken.
where has this information come that this (indo-pak cricket series) has been decided and that i was not consulted.
india have not played a full bilateral test series with pakistan after the 2008 mumbai terror attacks which led to suspension of cricketing ties between the two countries.
the two nations played a short series of three odis and two t20 matches in india in december 2012 but otherwise they have met only in icc-organised events or the asia cup.
zimbabwe became the first test nation to tour pakistan in over six years after international cricket in the country was brought to a halt by the 2009 terror attack on the visiting sri lankan team.
a day of high-voltage actionnew delhi, august 27, 2012, dhns: 1:16 istwith both the ruling coalition head, the congress, and principal opposition, the bjp, raising their pitch, it was a high-voltage political activity on monday in the capital, especially in parliament house, surrounding the cag report.
the day started with lok sabha speaker meira kumar holding a meeting of all parties to ensure smooth working of parliament which is being disrupted for the last one week.
the outcome, as expected, was negative.
prime minister manmohan singh made a statement in both houses of parliament amid the din.
it was a point-by-point rebuttal to the issues raised by the comptroller and auditor general.
this was followed by bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, leaders of opposition in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha respectively, accompanied by a host of party leaders, hitting out at the prime minister, blaming him for the rs 1.
86 lakh crore loss to the exchequer, as arrived at by the government auditor.
the left parties joined the action with a demand that all the coal block allocations be cancelled, a demand which was made first by cpm last week and on monday by the bjp.
the bjp also charged that the congress was the beneficiary of allocations, as bribes were paid to it.
even as the bjp press meet at its ashoka road party office ended, the news channels started beaming as breaking news that the government may move a confidence motion in the lok sabha next week.
apparently, it came following a briefing allegedly by a senior official at the pmo.
the final show of the day was by three senior ministers, finance minister p chidambaram, law minister salman khurshid and information and broadcasting minister ambika soni.
at the hurriedly-called press meet, chidambaram rejected bjps charges.
parl logjam: minister talks about 'no work, no pay'varanasi/new delhi, aug 2, 2015, (pti) 14:25 istamid a logjam in parliament, union minister mahesh sharma has said there is a suggestion for applying 'no work, no pay' policy on mps like it is being done with regard to bureaucrats, triggering a debate after which he went into a denial mode.
there is a suggestion that like for the bureaucrats there is 'no work, no pay', we should implement for the mps also, he told reporters in varanasi in uttar pradesh yesterday.
sharma, the minister for tourism and culture, went on to add that the government is planning this and senior ministers are in touch with the opposition to reach a consensous.
there is a planning for it.
our government is trying and our senior ministers are in touch with the opposition.
there is an effort to reach a consensus before the tough action is taken, he said.
on a visit to varanasi, sharma was replying to the queries of reporters as to whether the union government was mulling over any proposal of 'no work, no pay' policy for the mps stalling parliament as public money is going waste.
parliament has not been functioning properly ever since the monsoon session began on july 21 as the opposition parties have been pressing for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in connection with lalit modi controversy and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over vyapam scam.
respectively.
the comments triggered a debate, with opposition parties wanting to know if it was his view or that of the government.
amidst this, sharma today said, i still want to see what i had said.
.
.
.
definitely it is not my statement and i just want to see that.
he added that, i am not the authorised person.
i am not the competent person, and i am not the required person to comment on this issue.
i think this will be a matter of our speaker and our senior ministers to discuss.
i understand that when the member of parliament doesn't work, it is as per the order of the speaker.
the speaker says that the house is adjourned.
so i will not call, but the whole country, the common man is behind this that the parliament should run, sharma said.
he said there should be no wastage of tax payer's money.
people are watching how opposition is behaving in this manner and they are not allowing parliament to run in a democratic manner.
.
.
i would want to see if somebody raises this question over there that when a worker doesn't get a salary what should happen, the minister added.
earlier reacting to his yesterday's comments, congress spokesperson manish tewari wondered why the government was having this sudden change of heart.
to hit out at the nda government, he said bjp had vociferously opposed the same suggestion given by congress after the then opposition party had wiped out an entire session of parliament in 2010.
cpi leader d raja asked whether this is sharma's individual suggestion or represents the government's view.
one should ask the union minister whether it is a proposal made by him or by the government itself.
the minister should not make some irresponsible comment, raja said.
government has been making all possible efforts to end the two-week-long deadlock in parliament with an all-party meeting scheduled for tomorrow.
speaker sumitra mahajan had also convened an all party meeting to end the deadlock.
in varanasi, sharma had accused the opposition parties of playing spoilsport because of lack of issues to debate and said the government is ready to debate on any issue.
bjp and our government want that the parliament should function.
but when someone doesn't have any issue to debate on, then the tactic is to play a 'spoilsport', sharma said.
parliament will not function till ministers resigns: congnew delhi, jul 25, 2015, (pti) 16:28 istcongress will not allow parliament to function till the ministers whose names have surfaced in lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam resign, party leader ashwani kumar said today, stressing that it was opposition's right to oppose, expose and depose the government.
the congress mp said that the responsibility of running parliament is of the ruling party and not the opposition.
we have clearly stated our strategy.
till the time, the ministers give their resignation, parliament will not function.
running parliament is the responsibility of the ruling party and not the opposition.
it is the right and responsibility of the opposition to oppose, expose and depose the government, the former union minister said.
parliament's proceedings in the first week of the monsoon session have been a complete wash-out, with both houses adjourning yesterday till monday without transacting any business as the deadlock between the opposition and the ruling party persisted over issues like the lalit modi controversy and the vyapam scam.
the opposition, led by the congress, remained unrelenting on its demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping controversial former ipl chief lalit modi and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam admission and recruitment scam.
kumar said bjp should use the same benchmarks which they had kept when upa was in power.
we have said that whatever criteria you had kept for us, use for yourself as well.
during our time, there was no allegation and there was no proof.
here, there is a confession.
both the ministers have accepted.
then where is the question of any discussion?
this is our political stand and till now the stand stays, kumar said.
since the session began on july 21, both houses have been witnessing adjournments every day following sloganeering and verbal exchanges between the ruling and opposition side.
sushma tried to pacify me, says rahulnew delhi: august 13, 2015, dhns 23:44 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made last minute efforts to reach out to the congress in an apparent attempt to soften their attack on her.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi told the lok sabha that sushmaswaraj had met him in parliament on tuesday and wanted to know why was he angry with her.
yesterday (tuesday) sushmaji met me.
she held me by my hand and asked me why was i angry with her, he said in the lok sabha while participating in a discussion on the adjournment motion on lalitgate.
i saw her in the eye and told her that i was speaking the truth.
she lowered her gaze, rahul said while launching a scathing attack on sushmaswaraj demanding that she reveal the amount she received from former ipl commissioner lalit modi to save him from jail.
rahuls last minute participation in the debate came as the congress was under sharp attack from members of other political parties for disrupting the house and amid general perception that sushmaswaraj had made a strong rebuttal of the allegations against her.
ipl is the centre of black money.
lalit modi is a symbol of black money.
what happened to the prime ministers promise of getting back black money?
why does the prime minister not have the guts to face this house, the congress vice-president said.
rahul wanted sushmaswaraj to reveal whether she carried out the request from lalit modi to help him on humanitarian ground and why did she do it discreetly.
the congress will not remain quiet, it cannot be silenced.
the congress will keep raising its voice, he said as bjp members tried to shout him down.
the congress leaders posers to sushmaswaraj came after a spat between her and rsp member n k premchandran on helping out people on humanitarian grounds.
premchandran had demanded sushmas resignation contending that she had violated the oath of office by favouring lalit modi on humanitarian grounds.
sushma replied that if premchandran had made a similar request, then she would have acted on it on humanitarian grounds as well.
rajya sabha gives warm welcome to sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, mar 16, 2017, pti 13:14 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
file photomembers in the rajya sabha, cutting across party lines, today extended a warm welcome to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she came to the house after a long absence due to health reasons.
as soon as she was spotted stepping into her front row seat during the zero hour, members began thumping their desks and it continued for some time as she acknowledged with folded hands.
greeting 65-year-old swaraj, deputy chairman p j kurien wished her a long and healthy life.
we are all happy to see a healthy and smiling sushmaswaraj ji, he said, as the minister accepted the wishes.
during the question hour, the minister also replied to queries to members.
swaraj underwent a kidney transplant on december 10 at the aiims.
she had participated in the proceedings of the lok sabha yesterday.
raje supported in writing my immigration plea in uk:lalit modinew delhi, jun 16, 2015 (pti) 10:18 istlalit modi, former ipl chief, tonight made explosive claims that rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje had supported in writing his immigration plea in britain and that he has a family relationship with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj whose husband and daughter had provided legal services free of cost.
holidaying in the tiny balkan nation of montenegro, modi told rajdeep sardesai of india today tv channel in an interview that raje had accompanied his wife to portugal for her cancer treatment two years ago.
raje became chief minister of rajasthan for the second time in december 2013.
the comments of the tainted former ipl commissioner assume significance because it came hours after it was reported that raje had given a witness statement in august 2011 to british authorities supporting his case for immigration in britain which he has made his base after fleeing from india where he faces serious charges of money laundering and fema violations.
raje's purported witness statement was made public earlier in the day on behalf of the modi camp but later tonight the chief minister said she was not aware of this document.
of course i know the family.
i have always known them.
.
.
(but) i do not know what documents they are talking about, she told reporters in jaipur.
in the interview modi said, my relationship with vasundhara raje goes back 30 years.
that relationship is known to everybody.
she is a close friend of the family and my wife for a long time.
.
.
she openly agreed to be (to be a witness), but unfortunately by the time the case went to trial, she was already chief minister, so she did not come to become a witnes.
the statements she gave is all on records in the courts.
raje and sushmaswaraj supported me when my wife was sick, he said.
it was a family, a legal whatever you may call it.
we were very close.
but the point is not that.
.
.
i am very close to a lot of politicians, not only mrs swaraj.
.
.
, modi said when asked about his relationship with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
my wife was being taken to portugal by whom, by mrs vasundhara raje.
nobody knows that, i am putting that on record now, modi said, adding she accompanied his wife minal in 2012 and 2013.
the surfacing of the witness statement gave a new twist to the controversy surrounding external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to modi to seek british travel documents.
i did ask her(swaraj) help, modi said, adding that he would have made a similar plea to any other external affairs minister in office.
i know swaraj kaushal(sushma's husband) for 20 years.
he has been my advocate for 20 years.
.
.
his daughter bansuri had been my advocate for four years, he said, adding that their services had been provided free of cost.
the witness statement came into circulation just hours after finance minister arun jaitley backed swaraj saying whatever she had done was in good faith and bona fide.
the document had a confidentiality clause in which raje purportedly supported modi's case but did not want it to be revealed to indian authorities.
swaraj found herself at the centre of a political firestorm after the uk-based sunday times reported a leaked conversation between influential labour mp keith vaz and head of uk visas and immigration sarah rapson that cited swaraj to facilitate travel documents for lalit modi.
the tv channel also quoted modi having told it that he was also helped by ncp leaders sharad pawar and praful patel and congress leader rajiv shukla.
shukla said he had not talked to modi for three years while pawar said he tried to convince the former ipl chief to return to india and face investigations.
to a question, modi said he was not travelling to india because of security concerns.
asked about his holiday in the famous ibiza resort three days after the surgery of his wife, modi said the family decided to celebrate because the revolutionary treatment received at the portugal medical centre helped her because the liver cancer she was suffering from was in the final stage.
modi said he had done no wrong and has always gone by the book and that he has paid all his dues.
modi said he has been taken to task by the previous upa government and asserted he was no fugitive.
he also accused the upa government of making him a target of political vendetta in the aftermath of congress leader shashi tharoor losing his ministerial job following the ipl scam.
modi started the interview, which was conducted on the shores of the adriatic coast, with a remark that he lived life kingsize.
pradeep kumar is next cvclast updated: 02 july, 2011new delhi, july 2, dhns: 1:15 istdefence secretary pradeep kumar is all set to head the countrys official anti-corruption watchdog.
pradeep kumar on saturday was chosen as new central vigilance commissioner (cvc) by consensus by a three-member committee, consisting prime minister manmohan singh, home minister p chidambaram and opposition leader in lok sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj.
although it has not been announced officially, kumars appointment comes four months after the supreme court quashed the controversial appointment of p j thomas.
kumar, who retires as defence secretary on july 31, will take over as cvc the next day.
a haryana cadre ias officer, 62-year-old kumar will have a tenure of little over three years when he will have to demit the office at the age of 65.
at the meeting held at pms residence saturday morning, there was unanimity on the candidate unlike last time when thomas was chosen.
the government will announce it.
i have not raised any objection.
the three-member committee discussed the list of candidates, which included pradeep kumar, former home secretary g k pillai, former chemicals and fertilisers secretary bijoy chatterjee, former secretary, legislative affairs v k bhasin, former urban development secretary m ramachandran and personnel secretary alka sirohi.
pillai and sirohi are said to have opted out of the race.
a list of probable candidates was prepared by the department of personnel and training.
with the selection of the new cvc, the curtain has been brought down on the acrimonious episode starting with the selection of thomas leading to the case reaching the supreme court which eventually quashed his selection.
it was sushmaswaraj swaraj who opposed the selection of thomas who was facing a charge sheet in the palmolien oil import case when he was the food secretary in kerala.
cong releases more papers on palacenew delhi, june 30, 2015, dhns: 0:35 istthere is more trouble for rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the issue of the ownership of dholpur palace, the residence of the erstwhile royal family.
the congress on tuesday flashed copies of the instrument of accession, signed by the then maharaja udaybhan singh, with the union of india to buttress its claims that the ownership of the city palace rested with the government.
senior congress leader jairam ramesh released three more documents to show that the palace was a property of the state government that was illegally occupied by a joint venture company owned by raje and her family and former ipl boss lalit modi.
ramesh said according to the instrument of accession, the ownership of dholpur palace was transferred to the government and the then maharaja udaybhan singh was permitted to stay at the palace for his lifetime.
in jaipur, rajasthan bjp president ashok parnami furnished a court order dated november 22, 1958 to claim that rajes son dushyant singh was the owner of dholpur palace.
ramesh alleged that there was a criminal nexus between raje and lalit modi and the congress would continue with its disclosures till the bjp seeks a closure of the issue by dismissing the rajasthan chief minister.
insisting that the compromise between hemant singh and dushyant was only for movable property, ramesh claimed that despite much evidence produced by him, the bjp is trying to justify ownership of the property with dushyant with lame duck arguments.
he said that the compromise was brought about in 2007 by the additional district judge of bharatpur in a case titled dushyant vs.
hemant singh'.
ramesh rejected the bjp plea that dushyant received compensation from the nhai for a portion of land of the dholpur palace premises that was acquired for a highway project when the upa government was in power.
the congress leader released a complaint filed with the cbi by one babu lal against raje and dushyant in april 2013 for resorting to illegal means in getting the compensation from the nhai.
ramesh alleged that dushyant received a compensation of nearly rs 2 crore from the nhai for a 600 metre piece of land due to nexus between him and the land acquisition officer.
however, ramesh was unable to answer questions on why the then upa government at the centre or the then chief minister ashok gehlot failed to take action against dushyant over wrongful claim of compensation.
the complaint was filed in april 2013 and soon after everybody was busy with the elections, he said.
ramesh also said the congress had not forgotten the case of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who had helped lalit modi with travel documents and would continue to demand her resignation.
new delhi, july 4, 2015, dhns: 0:45 istrahul gandhi on saturday was at the centre of the lalitgate controversy as the former ipl boss posted pictures of the congress vice president receiving his hospitality at a cricket match.
in a series of tweets, lalit posted a couple of his pictures with gandhi and his brother-in-law robert vadra purportedly at an ipl cricket match.
also seen in the pictures are actor shahrukh khan, his wife gauri khan and actress deepika padukone along with others.
i hope @officeofrg (office of rahul gandhi) informed @incindia (congress) that he was a beneficiary of my hospitality.
he sat in my box, lalit said on twitter.
cong to defensethe congress was quick to dismiss the allegations as baseless.
does one become an accused by merely clicking a picture with someone in the crowd, asked aicc general secretary digvijaya singh.
congress spokesman ajay maken said lalit was merely trying to help the modi government by making attempts to divert attention from serious charges against senior bjp leaders.
chotta modi (lalit) is trying to help bada modi (narendra modi) by tweeting images to help the ruling party, maken said.
congress has described lalit, under the enforcement directorate scanner for alleged financial impropriety, as a fugitive.
earlier, lalit had tweeted that he bumped into congress president sonia gandhi's daughter priyanka and her husband robert vadra in a london restaurant last year.
he had also tweeted that congress leader kapil sibal had chatted over three days during a wedding in istanbul.
lalits links with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje have kicked off a political storm, with the congress demanding their resignations.
govt trying to get us charges against khobragade droppednew delhi, mar 11, 2015 (pti) 14:36 istindia is making every attempt to ensure that the united states drops all charges against ifs officer devyani khobragade, whose arrest in new york two years ago had led to a diplomatic standoff between the two nations.
india and the us have initiated an official dialogue to comprehensively address all aspects related to the case against khobragade and all issues arising from differing perspectives on diplomatic privileges and immunities.
the former indian diplomat, then serving in the us, was arrested in new york on december 12, 2013 on charges of visa fraud and false statement and released on bail the same day.
this had led to a major diplomatic standoff between india and the us.
though she was spared legal action after the us granted her full diplomatic immunity following her transfer by india to the indian permanent mission to the united nations, an arrest warrant was issued against her and she was subsequently transferred back to india.
swaraj also cited other instances of mistreatment of indian diplomats in the last few years which occured in slovenia, romania, albania and pakistan, besides such treatment meted out to eminent indian citizens, including former president a p j abdul kalam who was subjected to frisking at new york airport against protocols.
in pakistan, members of the high commission have been subjected to intrusive surveillance, including tailing by the intelligence and security personnel of the pakistan government.
india has taken up the matter strongly with pakistan at various levels, she said.
indian personnel serving in foreign missions are regularly sensitised to be more vigilant about their personal security and local security norms and practices and relevant cultural issues, swaraj added.
govt concerned over china-pak nuke deal: swarajnew delhi, dec 17, 2014 (pti) 15:57 istexpressing concern over the nuclear deal between china and pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said the government has raised the issue with china and asserted that it is well prepared to safeguard national interests.
india is well prepared (to deal with threats).
.
.
we are fully alert.
.
.
she asserted that the government remains committed to taking all necessary steps to safeguard india's national security interests.
her remarks came while replying to queries regarding steps taken by the government to safeguard the country's interests against the backdrop of pakistan entering into a nuclear deal with china.
government remains concerned about the impact of the deal on global non-proliferation norms.
government believes that countries should abide by the commitments that they have undertaken in the field of nuclear non-proliferation, she said.
these reactors are under construction, in addition to chashma-1 and 2, which are already in operation.
government is further aware of reports of an agreement for supply of additional reactors of chinese origin to be built at chashma, karachi and a third site in pakistan, she said.
she noted that india keeps raising the issue with china.
government has raised this issue in bilateral discussions with china.
china maintains that its nuclear supplies to pakistan are in accordance with its international obligations and are only for peaceful purposes, she said.
china, being a member of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg), has the responsibility to ensure that necessary safeguards are in place before exporting nuclear technology, swaraj noted.
winter session of lok sabha ends, 13 bills passed amid dinnew delhi, dec 23, 2015, (pti) 15:29 istthe winter session of lok sabha came to an end today after passing 13 bills despite persistent uproar created by opposition congress over various issues, including certain allegations against finance minister arun jaitley in connections with ddca affairs.
the 20-day session, adjourned sine die, was considerably much productive as compared to the last monsoon session which was a virtual washout due to the ruckus caused by the opposition which had been pressing for ouster of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over various allegations.
in the session which concluded today, speaker sumitra mahajan preferred to carry on with the listed business even as protesting congress members stormed the well and shouted slogans, many times walking out of the house for the day.
she twice threatened to take action against the congress members who were disrupting the house by asking officials to note down their names.
in the last session, she had suspended as many as 25 of the 44 congress members for their unrelenting disruptions.
this session saw the rare action of the speaker expunging her own controversial vested interests remarks made about congress members yesterday.
in her valedictory remarks, mahajan said, i hope this coming year brings new hope and new energy in our lives and we reflect with resolve that in the new year we will take conscious decision while using all parliamentary instruments to forcefully register our dissent and disagreement, if any, and will attempt to ensure less disruptions.
bellary (karna), april 29, 2013, (pti) : 10:25 istthe fall of the once powerful and mighty reddy brothers is evident in the infamously called 'republic of bellary' but the influence of mining lords has not diminished going by their presence in the fray for the may five assembly polls.
flashback 2008.
the bjp made a clean sweep of bellary district, winning seven of the nine seats in a region where the congress had traditionally maintained an unbroken hold.
the reddy brothers, g janardhana reddy, g karunakara reddy and g somashekara reddy, ruled the roost then with their unchallenged supremacy, mostly attributed to the bjp's strong emergence in the district.
now, janardhana reddy is cooling his heels in a jail in hyderabad since september 2011 in connection with an illegal mining case in andhra pradesh.
karunakara reddy has moved to harapanahhali in neighbouring davangere district.
somashekara reddy is with bsr congress of former minister b sriramulu, a trusted lieutenant of the reddy triumvirate, who floated his outfit after breaking from bjp.
somashekara reddy, who won from bellary city in 2008, is not contesting.
at the height of their influence, the reddy troika -two of whom were ministers and the third somashekara reddy chairman of karnataka milk federation --were often accused of running the bjp government.
their clout has vaporised later.
the mining mafias stranglehold and blatant flouting of rules had prompted the then lokayukta santosh hegde to refer to bellary district as the republic of bellary.
but the reddys' downfall has by itself not broken the hold of mining barons, reflected across the political spectrum in this election too in mine-rich bellary and elsewhere.
eight men who are facing questions over mining business are seeking entry to the assembly.
the opposition congress which let no opportunity go to haul the government over the coals on illegal mining, has fielded rajya sabha member anil lad, causing consternation among some vocal local partymen who were in the forefront against illegal exploitation of iron ore.
lad managed to convince the party leadership to allot him a ticket.
he was in bjp earlier but the overbearing presence of the reddy brothers led to his exit from the party and joining congress.
anil lad-owned v s lad mining company is included in category 'c' mines in the report of the supreme court appointed central empowered committee on illegal mining and had been indicted in the lokayukta.
the cec placed 49 mining leases in which it found maximum illegalities in category c. abdul wahab (vijayanagar constituency in hospet), e thukaram (sandur) and asundi vannarappa (bellary rural) are other mining men fielded by the congress.
another mining baron, anand singh, has been fielded as a candidate in vijayanagar by the ruling bjp which managed to retain him in its flock after he had almost quit bjp.
the apex court had recently cancelled 49 mining leases, including those of lad and wahab and bjp's anand singh.
b sriramulu is seeking election from bellary rural.
he had won on a bjp ticket in the last polls.
his relative suresh babu, elected on a bjp ticket in 2008,is seeking re-election as the bsr congress candidate.
lad's cousin santosh lad, also a miner politician, is the congress candidate from kalghatgi in dharwad district.
the reddy brothers shone in 1999 when bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj contested against sonia gandhi in bellary and lost the battle.
the boom in construction activity in china saw their rapid emergence in 2003-2004 that put them in the league of the super rich.
their march once looked unstoppable until their alleged illegal mining activity came into national focus, particularly with the findings of the then lokayukta hegde, which claimed the scalp of b s yeddyurappa as chief minister over donation received by a family-run trust from a mining firm.
reddy's trouble worsened after an inquiry was ordered into illegal mining activity inandhra pradesh border that led to him being sent to prison.
with money and muscle power in all its ugly manifestations in the last elections, electoral authorities are leaving nothing to chance so as to ensure free and fair polls.
electoral officials have been checking helicopters, frisking vips and mediapersons, monitoring bank accounts and money orders for suspicious election funding.
bellary deputy commissioner amlan aditya biswas, known for tough handling of the illegal mining issue, told pti that over rs 70 lakh in cash, 50 autos and six other vehicles have been confiscated for violating the model code of conduct.
this apart, individual bank accounts are also being monitored, he added.
3-day pravasi bharatiya divas from january 7 next yearaugust 07, 2016, bengaluru, dhns 0:45 istthe 15th pravasi bharatiya divas will be held at the bangalore international exhibition centre, off bengaluru-tumakuru highway, from january 7 to 9 next year.
industries minister r v destained told reporters on saturday that the state government, in association with the ministry of external affairs, will organise the three-day event.
around 2,500 non-resident indians (nevis) from across the globe are expected to take part in the programme.
prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief minister siddaramaiah are among the leaders scheduled to participate.
the minister was speaking after chairing a meeting of officials to review the preparations for the event.
on day one of the event, sessions will be held on the problems being faced by the nri students and the impact of startups on society.
on the second day, the main session of the nris will be held.
the prime minister, the external affairs minister and the chief ministers of many states will participate.
a session on the contribution of nris to the development of the country will also be held, he added.
award ceremony is scheduled for the third day.
individuals with exceptional achievements will be honoured with the prestigious pravasi bharatiya samman award to appreciate their role in the countrys growth.
the karnataka government will make use of the opportunity to showcase investment opportunities in the state.
an exhibition showcasing investment potential in karnataka will be organised during the event, the minister said.
deshpande also said the government has recently registered a separate non-profit company by name invest karnataka company to woo investments in the state.
modi-headed panel on nehru's anniversary reconstituted, none from gandhi familynew delhi, oct 18, 2014, (pti) 23:32 istin a politically-significant move, prime minister narendra modi today reconstituted a government committee on commemoration of the 125th birth anniversary of jawaharlal nehru which will be headed by him, replacing his predecessor manmohan singh.
however, it includes some congress leaders -- ghulam nabi azad, mallikarjun kharge and karan singh.
but none from the gandhi family finds a place in it.
the first meeting of the national committee to commemorate 125th birth anniversary of india's first prime minister will be held soon after diwali, a pmo statement said.
nehru's 125th birth anniversary falls on november 14 this year.
the reconstituted committee has modi as chairman while home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, hrd minister smriti irani, i&b minister prakash javadekar and culture minister sripad yesso naik will be its ex-officio members.
azad, leader of the opposition in rajya sabha, and kharge, leader of congress in lok sabha, will be members, along with madhya pradesh governor ram naresh yadav, former sikkim governor b p singh, former foreign secretary m k rasgotra and former lok sabha secretary general subhash kashyap.
senior congress leader karan singh and suman dubey, considered close to nehru-gandhi family, are also members of the committee along with former cabinet secretary naresh chandra.
senior journalists rajat sharma, swapan dasgupta and m j. akbar have also been made its members.
the committee was set up during the previous upa government and was headed by manmohan singh.
its members were congress president sonia gandhi, the then defence minister a k antony, the then finance minister p. chidambaram, the then law minister kapil sibal besides a number of scholars and academicians of repute from various institutions.
the committee was set up to ensure that the anniversary is celebrated in a befitting manner as a tribute to the great leader and an architect of modern india.
bjp workers detained for throwing eggs at ramya's carmangaluru: 26 aug 2016, dhns 0:25 istthe police detained 15 bjp yuva morcha workers on thursday after some of them hurled eggs at the car of ramya, former congress mp from mandya.
the actor-turned-politician who arrived at mangalore international airport at bajpe to participate in a musical event, had to face the wrath of the bjp workers for her reported comment mangaluru is a hell.
subsequent to her controversial remark that pakistan is not hell, ramya is said to have told a section of the media that there may be hell in mangaluru too.
as ramya came out of the airport in a sports utility vehicle belonging to food and civil supplies minister u t khader, bjp workers who had gathered on the road side waved black flags and raised slogans against her.
some in the group threw eggs at the vehicle.
when the protesters tried to block ramyas car, the police used mild force to disperse them.
the protesters were bundled into a police van and were released later.
as a precautionary measure, a strong contingent of police personell led by dcp (law and order) shantharaju was deployed in and around the airport.
dh news serviceramya entitled to views on pak, says khaderminister for food and civil supplies, u t khader, on thursday said he would stand by actress ramya and that she was entitled to her opinion about pakistan.
he spoke on the sidelines of a programme in bengaluru.
khader sought to know why the self-proclaimed patriots did not raise objections when it was rumoured that prime minister narendra modi took part in an event in which dawood ibrahim participated.
why is it they do not protest when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj goes to pakistan?
he asked.
editors guild deplores sushma's tweet on woman journalistnew delhi, june 17, 2015 (ians) 16:05 istthe editors guild on wednesday deplored a tweet by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj concerning a woman journalist and said it was an attempt to intimidate the media.
in a statement, the editors guild said the minister had set an unfortunate precedent.
the editors guild has deplored the attempt to intimidate the media by minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the minister by personally naming a woman journalist and casting aspersions on her in a tweet has set an unfortunate precedent, the statement said.
it said such remarks can be viewed as a threat to silence journalists.
while the media should be open to criticism, such statements by persons in power can be viewed as a threat meant to silence journalists and discourage them from carrying out their legitimate professional duties, the statement said.
sushma swaraj is facing demands from the congress party for her resignation over the assistance she extended to former ipl chief lalit modi in securing travel documents from british authorities after his indian passport was revoked.
modi is facing various investigations in india for alleged tax evasion.
sushma swaraj had targeted a senior journalist of a news channel that was reporting on the lalit modi episode.
look who is preaching propriety - of all the persons navika kumar!
she posted on sunday.
sikh shot at in us, told to 'go back to your own country'new york, mar 06, 2017, pti 1:00 istattack being probed as hate crimea 39-year-old sikh man in the us was shot outside his home by a partially masked gunman, who shouted go back to your own country.
the suspected hate crime comes just days after an indian engineer was killed in kansas.
the sikh, identified as us national deep rai, was working on his vehicle outside his home in kent, washington, on friday when he was approached by a stranger, who had walked up to his driveway.
the kent police said an argument broke out between the two men, with rai saying the suspect made statements like go back to your own country.
the unidentified man then shot him in the arm, rai said.
the victim described the shooter as a six-feet-tall white man, wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
the police are looking for the gunman.
kent police chief ken thomas said while the sikh man sustained non-life-threatening injuries, they are treating this as a very serious incident.
the police have launched an investigation and have reached out to the fbi and other law enforcement agencies.
kent police commander jarod kasner said the incident is getting attention from the sikh community and others.
with the recent unrest and concern throughout the nation, this can get people emotionally involved, especially when (the crime) is directed at a person for how they live and how they look, kasner said.
the incident is the latest in a series of troubling cases where members of the indian community have been targeted in apparent hate crimes.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh, the victims father.
he told me that his son had a bullet injury on his arm.
he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
it comes close on the heels of the shooting in kansas last month, in which an indian engineer was killed.
dmk, aiadmk members clash in rs over tamil fishermen issuenew delhi, dec 12, 2014 (pti) 18:19 istmembers from various political parties in tamil nadu today expressed concern in rajya sabha over arrest of tamil fishermen by sri lankan navy, an issue that saw a clash between dmk and aiadmk members.
with prime minister narendra modi present when the issue was being raised, there was a demand from members belonging to dmk, cpi-m and cpi that he should respond to their concern.
raising the issue during zero hour, t siva (dmk) said that despite the issue having been raised in parliament several times, it continues to happen regularly and it seems raising the matter in the house has become a futile exercise.
he said that he was highlighting the issue in the house for the second time within 15 days as 40 fishermen of tamil nadu were arrested by sri lankan navy in november and 38 are languishing in jails there.
holding that the international maritime boundary line between india and sri lanka (imbl) and the issue of kachchatheevu are not settled, siva urged the government to first retrieve kachchatheevu.
siva said there is dismay and despair in the minds of tamils in the state and alleged that be it upa or nda, they are totally neglecting tamil nadu as he demanded a response from the government.
leader of aiadmk a navneethakrishnan said tamil fishermen are being treated as slaves in sri lanka.
he thanked prime minister narendra modi and former tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalitha for release of five tamil fishermen from sri lanka, who were earlier awarded death sentence by the high court of that country.
members of dmk and aiadmk clashed over certain remarks by a dmk member, which could not be heard in the din.
aiadmk members including v maitreyan were seen rushing towards the seats of dmk members.
sensing trouble, telecom minister ravishankar prasad rushed towards them and tried to mollify them.
while siva blamed the aiadmk members for the row saying that it was they, who came to the dmk side, members from aiadmk said one of the dmk members threatened them.
deputy chairman p j kurien said that after checking records he will expunge if anything unparliamentary has been said.
navneethakrishnan, took a jibe at the dmk saying they should also learn yoga and balance properly.
prasad said,we must maintain dignity.
we should not use unparliamentary language or behaviour.
.
.
we can convey our views but we should not lose temper.
d raja (cpi) said the issue has been raised in the presence of the prime minister and he should have responded.
noting that the fishermen issue has been raised many times, raja said government of the day should resolve it.
t k rangarajan (cpi-m) also said he expected a response from the prime minister.
as members insisted on a response, prasad said the government completely shares the concerns and will do everything for the security of the tamil fishermen.
after modi's praise, tharoor says cong demands on resignations remainnew delhi, jul 23, 2015, (pti): 22:12 istapparently in a spot of bother over prime minister narendra modi's effusive praise of his speech at oxford university, congress leader shashi tharoor tonight sought to downplay it and said his party's demands on the resignation of bjp ministers remain.
absolutely gracious of @narendramodi ji but yes, @incindia's demands remain: standards of integrity must be upheld, tharoor tweeted, as modi's praise of him, a day after he got an earful from his party chief sonia gandhi, left political tongues wagging on the timing of the appreciation.
tharoor's party colleague sachin pilot said it was very kind of modi to praise tharoor but there is no let up in the demand for resignations of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh--vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chauhan for alleged irregularities.
very kind of @narendramodi ji to praise @shashitharoor in parliament but let's move on to real issues now.
we still call for resignations!
, pilot tweeted.
tharoor later said he hoped that no one should read anything else into modi's praise beyond the prime minister's act of showing graciousness.
tharoor said politicians can respect each other across party lines but that does not mean they have to abandon values of their parties.
modi showered praise on tharoor, the only congress mp present at a function organised by the lok sabha speaker for mps, while talking about the need for free airing of views on national issues irrespective of the party affiliations.
oxford debate has a huge significance.
it is good that shashi ji was there.
.
.
.
what he spoke there reflected the sentiments of the citizens of india, he said while inaugurating a workshop on the speaker's research initiative (sri) to train mps on various subjects of global importance.
the story behind mea's rescue of uzmadalip singh, new delhi, dh news service, may 29 2017, 1:44 istbelieved to be in her twenties, uzma told her husband tahir ali that her family would give rs 1.
5 lakh as wedding gift, convincing him that it is the custom in her indian family.
pti file photoindian woman uzma ahmed tricked her husband into taking her to the high commission of india in islamabad, a move that eventually relieved her from his clutches.
believed to be in her twenties, uzma told her husband tahir ali that her family would give rs 1.
5 lakh as wedding gift, convincing him that it is the custom in her indian family.
on her return to india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj revealed the incidents behind the scene that resulted in the mea rescuing the woman.
uzma, who claimed ali had drugged her at the wagah border and took her to a house in a remote place that had his other wives and children, made him believe that her brother works for the high commission of india and is willing to give him the nek.
she knew ali was too greedy to swallow the bait.
she then proceeded with him to the high commission, where she explained her situation to deputy high commissioner j p singh.
uzma spared no details, right from the terrifying noises of gunshots in the house and the various tortures she was going through.
the woman also threatened to commit suicide if the high commission failed to give her shelter and sent her back with ali.
the minister said singh called her for instructions and she asked the high commission to confirm uzmas indian roots before helping her.
after mea verified the address on uzmas passport, the minister said she stepped in and took hold of the issue.
sushma would call up singh and uzma thrice a day to ensure things went according to the plan.
sushma also assured uzma that she is indias daughter and the country would fight to bring her home.
the woman was kept in the indian high commission complex under the watch of the employees, as she was severely traumatised.
she said she would rather swallow poison than going back to ali, whom she courted in malaysia.
to divert uzma from the disturbed mental state, the minister had even asked that the girl be employed at the high commissions visa section handled by women staff.
thanks to the cooperation of pakistans foreign and interior ministries and their court direction, uzma was allowed to return home.
at 2.
30 pm late on wednesday, j p singh drove uzma to the wagah border, where they had to wait for two hours before the gates were opened for the official vehicle to cross over.
sushma draws flak over demand to make gita national scripturenew delhi, dec 9, 2014 (pti): 14:27 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today came under opposition attack in rajya sabha for demanding that the bhagwad gita be declared national scripture, with members saying this was a sinister design to alter secular character of the constitution.
raising the issue during zero hour, d raja (cpi) demanded that the house should disapprove her demand even as the government sprang to swaraj's defence saying gita was not a 'dharma granth' (religious scripture) but a 'karma granth' (book on individual's actions).
gita is not a dharma granth.
it is a karma granth, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said.
he said some people see secularism in danger whenever there is talk about 'sanskriti and sanskar' (heritage and culture).
the entire country is proud of bhagwad gita, he said.
you cannot impose one holy book as the national book, raja said, adding india is a multi-religion and multi-lingual society where different sections hold various scriptures as holy.
swaraj's statement, he said, was not an isolated statement and should be seen in the context of remarks by bjp and rss leaders.
there is a sinister design to alter secular fabric and secular character of the constitution, he said.
raja asked why the bjp government was giving special treatment to sanskrit language in school education at the cost of other indian languages like tamil which are equally ancient.
swaraj's statement, he said, was objectionable and the house should take note of it and disapprove it.
while digvijay singh (cong) said he condemns swaraj's statement, sitaram yechury (cpi-m) said the holy book for india is its constitution that guarantees right of equality to all.
new delhi, mar 2, 2016, pti: 21:10 istreturning the fire after his onslaught on prime minister narendra modi and the nda government, senior bjp leaders today called rahul gandhi a lying machine and raised questions about the maturity of the congress vice president.
finance minister arun jaitley took to facebook to hit back at rahul, saying the more he hears him, the more he wonders how much does he know and when will he know while home minister rajnath singh accused him of misleading the parliament over the naga peace accord.
bjp national secretary shrikant sharma while denouncing gandhi for his attack in the lok sabha earlier in the day said it was full of drama but lacked in content and called him a lying machine and a non-serious, part-time politician whose speech was devoid of facts.
responding to gandhi's charge that modi hardly consulted senior ministers, jaitley said he not only works hard and involves himself in the functioning of the various departments of the government but also inspires his team to work harder.
the prime minister should be the natural leader of the party and the government.
in the nda it is so.
the upa was quite different.
the prime minister is to lead by example.
jaitley said all ministers including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and he himself were responsible for each important decision taken by their departments.
we do not by-pass the prime minister who is always available for consultation and guidance, he said.
jaitley was reacting to gandhi's claim that swaraj was not consulted on the pakistan policy, rajnath singh was unware of the nagaland accord and jaitley did not know of the budget proposals.
the finance minister said gandhi's views are shaped by the environment of a political party which has evolved into a crowd around a family.
the upa model of governance was that if a person outside the family is the prime minister, he should be reduced to being a figure-head.
given a choice between a 'hands-on' prime minister or a 'nominal' head, i would unhesitatingly choose the former, he said.
taunting gandhi, jaitley said, as one evolves from a young to a middle-aged one, we certainly expect a certain level of maturity.
the more i hear shri rahul gandhi, the more i start wondering 'how much does he know  when will he know'.
in the post titled 'how much does he know  when will he know', the minister went on to say that after hearing gandhi, i think india has made the right choice between the prime minister who leads the government and a prime minister who is merely implementing decisions taken elsewhere.
rajnath singh refuted gandhi's claim that he was not informed before signing a peace pact with naga insurgent group nscn-im, saying his statement was completely false and baseless and he misled the parliament.
rahul gandhi's statement on naga peace accord in lok sabha today is completely false and baseless.
i had several rounds of consultations with the pm on naga peace process.
i strongly condemn rahul gandhi's attempt to mislead the house, singh tweeted.
tough sushmaswaraj rules out engaging separatistsnew delhi, august 23, 2015, dhns: 2:17 istunion external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, deployed by prime minister narendra modi to deliver the take-it or leave-it message to islamabad after pakistans insistence on involving hurriyat, addressed even domestic audience with her hard political talk.
swaraj, who did not camouflage the official stand in nuances that dot diplomatic speech, was forthright in her evening press meet acknowledging that the centre overcame domestic pressure, perhaps hinting at the bjp and its other right wing affiliates, to continue with its bilateral engagement but would not accept third party engagement ahead of mondays nsa-level talks.
due to renewed terror strike in punjab and jammu and kashmir and increased ceasefire violations, the government was under stress to call off the nsa-level talks.
she also said the government had consulted other political parties, which was an effort to build political consensus on talks with pakistan which often generates nationalistic fervour.
swaraj, who recently argued her way out of a precarious situation after getting dragged into the lalitgate, also did not give much credence to journalist queries that sought her response on former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee had engaged hurriyat leaders on kashmir issue.
beet gayi so baat gayi (lets not dig into past), commented swaraj, who was also a minister in the vajpayee regime.
swaraj was fielded for tough talk even by the vajpayee government during the 2001 agra talks that was called off midway.
the then union home minister l k advani had reportedly asked her to play a role that ensured former pakistan president pervez musharaf returned to islamabad without a pact because he insisted on inclusion of kashmir issue.
on the day agra talks began (july 15, 2001), swaraj who was then information and broadcasting minister, had briefed media on issues discussed between the two sides but did not mention kashmir that had peeved pakistan.
though she had later clarified that she did not speak about the kashmir issue as it was obvious, the reports of that time cite this among reasons that led to premature ending of agra summit.
meanwhile, bjp president amit shah had a meeting with modi at 7 race course road.
the bjp and the government are on the same page that pakistan should not engage with separatists prior to nsa level interactions on terrorism.
upa in fix over ministersnew delhi, may 7, 2013, dhns: 2:37 istgovernment starts talks with opposition bjpon a day when it contemplated adjourning the parliament session sine die to escape opposition onslaught seeking heads of two union ministers  railway minister pawan bansal and law minister ashwani kumar  the congress-led upa government also discussed minimising the fallout by sacrificing one of the two ministers.
to ensure that parliament conducted smooth business and passed the upas ambitious food security bill, the government started talks with main opposition bjp, following the sonia gandhi-sushma swaraj embrace earlier in the day.
as they hugged each other and exchanged pleasantries, upa chairperson sonia gandhi and lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke for a short while which apparently related to the din in the two houses.
around 12 noon, there was speculation in the parliament house that the government wanted the lok sabha speaker to adjourn the house sine die.
prime minister manmohan singh was said to be the prime mover behind this.
when she came to know of it, however, sonia gandhi held a strategy session with singh and other party leaders where she firmly told them that the party would brazen out the onslaught.
following this, agriculture minister and ally nationalist congress party strongman sharad pawar was deputed to mediate with the bjp which asked its general secretary ananth kumar to talk to the former.
pawar, it was understood, informed kumar that while the prime minister may be forced to seek the resignation of railway minister pawan bansal, who is under a cloud in the sale of plum railway posts scam, the resignation of law minister ashwani kumar, under a spot for having interfered in a cbi report to supreme court, was ruled out (for the record, the bjp has said it will not allow any bill to be passed unless the two ministers resign.
)it is learnt that the bjp showed its intent in allowing the houses to function to pass the food bill since it related to the common man lest the congress should run away with the credit for the programme.
kumar, it was gathered, told pawar that he would convey the views to the party leaders.
at the sonia gandhi-headed core group meeting, the prime minister stuck to his view that he would not ask either kumar or bansal, both known to be close to him, to resign.
others, it is learnt, were not so vocal in defending the two ministers now under the cbi and court lens.
the meeting decided to wait till wednesday to decide kumars fate since the apex court would take up hearing in the case relating to the cbi report on coal block allocation scam.
if the court does not make strong observations against kumar, virtually charged by the cbi with changing its report, then the minister will survive; otherwise, he may have to go.
this, apparently, was the view taken.
earlier, the prime minister decided to seek an early end to budget session than the scheduled last date of may 10 since he was advised that there was no way the food bill would be passed by parliament.
this is because almost the entire opposition is up in arms against the government because of the coal scam.
in the event of the bill being taken up for passage, it requires smooth conduct in the house.
in the present context, if the opposition does not agree to pass the bill, there is little hope of an orderly house.
hence, the view that the passage of the bill may be next to impossible.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has met belgian deputy prime minister and foreign minister didier reynders and the two leaders undertook a comprehensive review of bilateral ties and exchanged views on regional and multilateral issues.
swaraj arrived in belgium on wednesday from luxembourg on the last leg of her four-nation tour.
earlier, she had visited france and italy.
celebrating 70 years of our excellent bilateral relations!
delegation-level talks led by eam sushmaswaraj swaraj and didier reynders.
both leaders undertook a comprehensive review of our bilateral relationship and exchanged views on regional and multilateral issues, he said in another tweet.
swaraj also met her european union counterpart federica mogherini and held excellent discussions on a range of issues including counterterrorism, maritime security, trade and investment.
eam sushmaswaraj swaraj met with the eu high representative federica mogherini.
excellent discussions on maximising full potential of india-eu strategic partnership, including implementation of the decisions taken at the previous india-eu summit in 2017, kumar said in a tweet.
eam sushmaswaraj swaraj and her eu counterpart federica mogherini discussed issues related to foreign policy and security, trade & investment and exchanged views on regional and global issues, he said.
eu high representative for foreign affairs and security policy mogherini informed swaraj on the preparation of a new joint communication on india, which will provide direction for increased cooperation in the coming years, as well as the eu's upcoming strategy to enhance, in a sustainable manner, eu-asia connectivity.
they exchanged views on creating the conditions to increase trade and investment flows.
mogherini also expressed the eu's readiness to deepen the dialogue on data protection and referred to the new eu data protection regime, a statement from the minister of external affairs said.
swaraj and mogherini also discussed in depth foreign policy and security cooperation, namely on counterterrorism, cybercrime, maritime security, as well as in the indian ocean, it said.
they also addressed developments in their neighbourhoods, like the situation of the rohingya, afghanistan, the maldives, the importance of preserving the jcpoa with iran, as well as the ongoing diplomatic work for the denuclearisation of the korean peninsula, the statement said.
during her stay in belgium, swaraj held wide-ranging discussions with the eu leadership to strengthen india-eu strategic partnership.
india and the eu have been strategic partners since 2004.
the 28-nation bloc is india's largest regional trading partner with bilateral trade in goods standing at usd 88 billion in 2016.
india received around usd 83 billions of foreign direct investment from europe between 2000 and 2017, constituting approximately 24 per cent of the total fdi inflows into the country during the period.
no confirmation of jem chief's detention in pak:indianew delhi, jan 13, 2016, (pti): 22:21 istindia tonight said it has received no confirmation of the detention of jem chief maulana masood azhar despite widespread reports of his having been apprehended in connection with the pathankot attack of which he is suspected to be the mastermind.
we have no official confirmation of the arrest of masood azhar, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup told reporters.
mohammad zubair, a minister in the nawaz sharif government in pakistan, told an indian tv channel that he cannot confirm the arrest of azhar by pakistani authorities.
swarup said a decision on whether to go ahead with the foreign secretary-level talks with pakistan on friday will be taken after tonight's meeting between prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that was underway.
the decision(on fs talks) will be taken after the meeting, swarup said after foreign secretary s jaishankar's meeting with swaraj.
the hectic consultations followed the detention of azhar and several individuals of his terror outfit suspected to be behind the pathankot attack on january 2.
illegal mining: 8 politicos, 500 officials and rs.18 billion losslast updated: 21 july, 2011bangalore, july 21, (ians): 18:32 istillegal mining has dominated public discourse for nearly five years.
now karnataka lokayukta n. santosh hegde is ready with a 5,000-page report exposing the politician-officials-businessmen nexus.
he will formally submit the report friday but substantive contents were leaked to the media late wednesday.
the gist: politicians named: chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa, his predecessor h.d. kumaraswamy of jd-s, four bjp ministers including two reddy brothers, a congress rajya sabha member and yeddyurappa's two sons, one of whom is a bjp lok sabha member, and son-in-law.
officials named: about 500.
loss to the state over 14 months: rs.1,827 crore.
brief sketches of the dramatis personae:b.s. yeddyturappa: bjp's first chief minister in south india.
not directly involved but turned a blind eye to illegal mining.
did not sack the powerful reddy brothers in spite of persistent charges against them.
his sons b.y. raghavendra, a bjp lok sabha member, and b.y. raghavendra run prerana educational and social trust in shimoga, yeddyurappa's political base.
raghavendra is mp from shimoga, 270 km from bangalore.
his trust got donation of rs.10 crore from a firm involved in illegal mining.
the two and son-in-law r. sohan kumar bought an acre of land near bangalore for rs.2 crore and sold it to a mining firm for rs. 20 crore.
reddy brothers: hail from neighbouring andhra pradesh where their father was a police constable.
have made iron ore rich bellary, about 300 km from bangalore, their political base.
g.
janardhana, the tourism minister who is the most vocal of the three brothers, owns obulapuram mining co. elder brother g. karunakara, the revenue minister.
younger brother g. somashekaraka, an assembly member.
a struggling businessmen in 1999, janarhana moved close to bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj as she took on congress president sonia gandhi in the lok sabha election.
entered iorn ore mining in 2005, started exporting and quickly became a billionaire.
he owns choppers and latest limos.
he is reportedly into illegal mining in karnataka without owning any mines in the state.
he has been accused of forcing other miners to route exports through them; gets officers of choice posted in bellary.
their close associate is health minister b. sriramlu.
the fourth minister is v. somanna, who handles civil supplies portfolio.
was in congress.
switched to bjp in april 2009.
h.d. kumaraswamy.
son of former prime minister h.d. deve gowda.
joined hands with yeddyurappa in 2006 to bring down the congress-jds coalition and became chief minister for 20 months.
said to have granted license two firms flouting rules.
anil lad: congress rajya sabha member.
runs vsl group.
family in mining business for over five decades.
brother is a congress assembly member.
allegedly carried out illegal mining in bellary.
the man who exposed all this is nitte santosh hegde.
a university hockey player, he started practicing law in 1966, was solicitor general in 1998, a supreme court judge in 1999, retired in 2005, and became the karnataka lokayukta aug 3, 2006.
his five-year term ends aug 2, 2011.
'bjp's complaint is politically motivated'last updated: 27 january, 2011bangalore, jan 27, dhns 23:26 istjd(s) state president h d kumaraswamy on thursday alleged that the bjp governments counter complaint with the karnataka lokayukta against his family members is to confuse people.
speaking with reporters here on thursday, he said the advocate, who has filed the complaint, has stated that he did so as the jd(s) was trying to destabilise the government.
this clearly indicates that the complaint is politically motivated, he added.
clarifying on the allegations made in the plaint, kumaraswamy said his brother, h d balakrishna gowda, began iron ore export business in 2004-05 through bsk trading company.
he (his brother) was purchasing ore from licensed mine owners and legally exported it.
he did not had a slightest inkling that i would be the chief minister, he added.
kumaraswamy further claimed that janardhana reddy made false allegation against him of receiving rs 150 crore bribe from some mine owners.
the income tax department probed, but could not found any illegality.
let there be a lokayukta inquiry too, he challenged.
criticising the bjp leaders, he said the bjp high command has surrendered itself to chief minister yeddyurappa who is facing corruption charges.
tiranga yatra by the bjp was to divide the country, alleged jd(s) chief h d deve gowda.
where was the need for the yatra?
the bjp leaders l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitely tried to instigate violence in jammu and kashmir by insisting to hoist the national flag at lal chowk, he remarked.
hdk threatens to stage dharnakumaraswamy threatened to stage a dharna in front of the urban development department on friday, if the information he has sought under rti act on the proposed township at bidadi, is not furnished.
i will wait till friday noon and will stage dharna if the information is not provided, he warned.
during the jd(s)-bjp coalition government, the township project was awarded to dlf company.
the company had deposited rs 400 crore for the purpose.
but the bjp government has dropped it and returned the deposit to the company.
information in this regard was sought through rti act about a month ago.
but the department has refused to give any details, he added.
india, afghanistan ink pact for visa-free travel by diplomatsnew delhi, feb 1, 2016 (pti) 17:28 istindia and afghanistan today inked a pact for visa-free travel by their diplomats following afghan chief executive abdullah abdullah's meeting with prime minister narendra modi where they discussed ways to further deepen the strategic partnership, both in the bilateral and regional context.
the prime minister also expressed deep gratitude to the afghan government and its the national security forces for their bravery and sacrifice in order to protect indians living in the strife-torn nation, especially during the attack on the indian consulate in mazar-e-sharif on january 4-5, 2016.
prime minister reiterated india's commitment to extend all possible support to the efforts of the afghan people in building a peaceful, stable, prosperous, inclusive and democratic country, a prime minister office release said.
on his part, the afghan leader recalled positively the maiden and successful visit of modi to kabul in december last.
the visit reenergised the strategic partnership between the two countries, he told the prime minister and appreciated the support being extended by india for infrastructure development and capacity building in afghanistan.
india had given three multi-role mi-35 helicopters to afghanistan in december for combating terrorism in the war-torn country.
an agreement for visa free travel for diplomatic passport holders of the two countries was exchanged in the presence of the two leaders, the release added.
later, the visiting leader held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during which they discussed the security situation, afghan peace process, internal political situation in the strife-ravaged country as also the regional security situation, official sources said.
the two leaders also discussed the role of international community to ensure peace and stability in afghanistan and to defeat challenge of terrorism, sources said.
swaraj informed abdullah about india's efforts to expedite implementation of as many as 92 small developmental projects in afghanistan that are nearing completion.
the minister also assured abdullah of government's help in facilitating participation of a strong afghan contingent in the 12th saf games to be held in guwahati and shillong.
the afghan leader's visit comes nearly a month after modi's trip to kabul during which he inaugurated the new afghan parliament building, constructed with india's aid.
abdullah, who arrived here yesterday, is in india primarily to attend a conference on counter-terrorism in jaipur organised by india foundation in association with sardar patel university of police security and criminal justice.
he will leave for jaipur tomorrow.
last updated: 09 october, 2011deepak k upreti, new delhi, oct 8, dhns 0:40 istthe rss, which in 2009 picked nitin gadkari as the bjp's youngest ever president, has now thrown its full weight behind him enhancing his stature, and may have ensured him a second tenure at the expiry of his current tenure by 2012 end.
sources told deccan herald that the nagpur-based outfit is not averse to continue with gadkari as party president to counter-balance the internal rivalry among various leaders projecting themselves as the bjps prime ministerial candidate in the next lok sabha elections.
modis defiance of the party in not attending the national executive meeting in new delhi last month has upset the rss, which is now extending full support to gadkari to undermine modis political stature.
the sangh parivars attempt has tactical backing of party leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley - two other prime ministerial candidates who are opposed to modis entry into the national politics.
it is understood that gadkari may even be asked to contest for lok sabha from nagpur and enter parliament to stake his rightful claim.
in an apparent attempt at image makeover, the bjp president had recently went under the knife at a mumbai hospital to cut down his bulk that has been a cartoonists fantasy.
gadkaris followers do not rule out his projection as the partys prime ministerial candidate in the next elections.
a senior party leader, however, dismissed the projection as premature, saying the issue would be decided much later.
modis snub to the important party meet is being seen by the bjp and the rss as a challenge to the organisational structure.
sources said the party constitution might be amended to facilitate gadkaris extended stay at the top party post beyond 2012.
the apparent effort to raise gadkaris persona was evident saturday, when a collection of his speeches in a book titled vikas ke path was launched at a grand function in delhis siri fort auditorium.
the launch function was attended by key rss leader suresh soni along with l k advani.
overseas ministry to merge with meanew delhi, jan 08, 2016, dhns: 0:52 istthe government is set to merge the ministry of overseas indian affairs with the ministry of external affairs.
prime minister narendra modi has approved merger of the two ministries in accordance with a proposal from his cabinet colleague sushmaswaraj swaraj, who at present holds both the portfolios.
honble prime minister has kindly accepted my proposal.
so moia (ministry of overseas indian affairs) will now be part of ministry of external affairs (mea), swaraj posted on twitter on thursday.
the moia was set up as a separate ministry in 2004 with the objective of connecting indian diaspora worldwide with india.
swaraj is the first union minister to be assigned the portfolios of both mea and moia.
as minister for external affairs & overseas indian affairs, i realised that substantial work of moia (ministry of overseas indian affairs) is done through our missions abroad, she tweeted.
the moia has been holding the pravasi bharatiya divas in january every year as a flagship event for connecting with the indian diaspora.
the government in october 2014 announced major change in the format of the pravasi bharatiya divas, which would now be held every alternate year with smaller events focused on outcomes to be held every other year.
external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said that administrative process for decision to merge the moia with mea was taken in line with the governments overall objective of minimising government and maximising governance.
he said that the process of merger had already begun and the exercise was being personally supervised by the external affairs minister.
swaraj will deliver the keynote address on the occasion of first smaller scale pravasi bharatiya divas in new delhi on saturday.
woman officer leads guard of honour for obama at rashtrapati bhavannew delhi, jan 25, 2015 (agencies) 13:31 istwing commander puja thakur led the ceremonial guard of honour for us president barack obama at rashtrapati bhavan on sunday.
wing commander thakur walked obama for the inspection of the tri-service guard of honour.
this comes as 'nari shakti' (woman power) is the theme for republic day parade this year where obama is the chief guest.
this jan 26 will also be the first time when women contingents of the army, air force and navy will walk down the rajpath.
it is a great honour and we are so grateful for your extraordinary hospitality, obama said after the ceremony, where he was given a ceremonial guard of honour and a 21-gun salute.
the us president was received at the gates of rashtrapati bhavan by a cavalcade of the president's bodyguards dressed in bright red with contrasting blue turbans.
forming a ring around his cadillac 'the beast', the guards escorted him to the central area of the red-sand forecourt of the estate.
the precinct of rashtrapati bhavan was decked up for the visiting head of the state, who will be the first us president to be the chief guest at the republic day function tomorrow.
the entire stretch from his hotel to the rashtrapati bhavan was swarming with security personnel and snipers positioned at roof tops who provided an unassailable ring of security around him.
upon his arrival at the forecourt, obama was received by the president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi.
he was escorted to the stage as the national anthems of the united states and india played in the background.
soon after the guard of honour, obama was escorted to a canopy where the president, the prime minister along with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, defence ministermanohar parrikar, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, power minister piyush goyal and lt governor of delhi najeeb jung received him.
mukherjee introduced obama to the cabinet ministers and other dignitaries.
following the ceremonially welcome, obama headed to the rajghat to pay homage to mahatma gandhi.
he was accompanied by union minister piyush goyal.
obama observed a moment of silence, and took a 'parikrama' around the memorial.
keith vaz re-elected chair of uk parliament committeelondon, jun 18, 2015 (pti) 18:47 istkeith vaz, britain's longest-serving indian-origin mp was today re-elected as chair of parliament's influential home affairs select committee, even as a controversy rages over his help to scam-tainted former ipl chairman lalit modi in obtaining british travel documents.
the leicester east mp had been challenged to the post by fellow labour mp fionna mctaggert but the mps voting for the post decided to keep him in the post.
i am a genuine and passionate believer in the scrutinising role of parliament, a role that is predicated on detailed and fairscrutiny of the executive.
the select committee system is one of the most important and impressive features of our parliamentary democracy, and it is one that we should cherish, vaz, 58, had said in his application for re-election.
as chairman of the home affairs select committee in the last parliament, i always ensured that the views and suggestions of all members were given careful, proper and equal consideration, and i have been strongly committed to the committee's success in carrying out effective and thorough scrutiny to achieve significant and lasting impact, he added, stressing on cross-party support he had received in his role.
british mps from all parties voted in the hotly contested elections yesterday to chair the commons departmental select committees, with as many as five mps from the same party fighting for the same roles.
over the years, the home affairs select committee has emerged as more powerful than a shadow cabinet minister or even a junior minister.
vaz has been battling controversy in the last few weeks over his alleged role in helping controversial indian premier league founder lalit modi acquire travel documents through the uk home office.
however, the parliamentary standards commissioner had decided he had no case to answer and ruled out an investigation.
the goan-origin mp had denied any wrongdoing in the matter.
vaz is embroiled in a major row involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over helping modi to obtain british travel documents to visit portugal, purportedly for his wife's cancer treatment in june last year.
new delhi, july 20, 2015 (pti) 14:20 istsetting the stage for confrontation in parliament, an all-party meeting called here on the eve of the monsoon session today ended in a deadlock over controversies related to lalit modi and vyapam scam even as prime minister narendra modi offered to discuss all issues.
the government ruled out any resignations.
there is no question of accepting ultimatum by anybody.
from where did the question of resignation arise?
nobody can dictate terms to the government.
from government side, no union minister has done anything illegal or immoral, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said.
he was responding to leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad's remarks that if modi was interested in running the monsoon session of parliament smoothly, he should remove external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
the prime minister chose the occasion to remind parties that smooth running of parliament is a shared responsibility though the government has to take initiative for it.
he appealed to them to utilise parliament time for discussing all issues.
on the land bill, the prime minister expressed agreement with the remarks by ram gopal yadav that since there is no consensus on the issue, both government and opposition should make some adjustments to resolve the issue.
congress was, however, somewhat isolated at the meeting called by naidu on its stand of not allowing parliament to function if rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje did not resign in connection with lalit modi row and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan did not quit over vyapam scam.
a number of parties felt a washout of parliament is not a solution.
this is not correct.
parliament will run but government must allow discussion, jd(u) president sharad yadav said when asked about the congress stand.
samajwadi party leader ramgopal yadav was skeptical about the smooth functioning of parliament.
i do not think this will be resolved.
weather seems bad from now itself.
naidu said that 29 opposition parties did not back the congress stand on not allowing the house to function.
india rushes water to malenew delhi, dec 5, 2014, dhns: 1:17 istindia on friday rushed 200 tonnes of packaged drinking water and two reverse osmosis plants to maldives in the wake of a sudden emergency in the island nation following the closure of its desalination plant.
a major fire broke out on thursday at the male water and sewerage company generator control panel causing extensive damage to the cabling of the generator for the distillation plants, leading to the disconnection of water supply.
male has a population of more than 1,00,000.
since maldives has no natural fresh water source and consumes only treated sea water, the only water available at male at the moment was what is stored in the overhead tanks and sumps.
because of the shortage, the authority is rationing water to the citizens, who are getting water supply for one hour in every 12 hours.
maldives foreign minister dunya maumoon rang up her counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday evening seeking help.
the island leadership also sent an sos to prime minister narendra modi, who promptly gave his consent.
indian navy was first to react.
its offshore patrol vessel ins sukanya, which was on a routine mission off kochi, was diverted for male on thursday night.
the ship carrying 35 tonnes of drinking water and two reverse osmosis plants on-board with a capacity of producing 20 tonnes of fresh water per day is in the maldivian water and is about to enter male, said a navy official.
five indian air force heavy lift transport aircraft too flew to the island carrying drinking water.
the first one to reach male was an il-76 carrying 22 tonnes of potable water, followed by a c-17 globemaster iii carrying 28 tonnes of water.
pratapgarh, aug 8, 2015 (pti) 18:33 istthe couple from uttar pradesh, which has claimed that gita - a hearing and speech-impaired indian woman stranded in pakistan - is their daughter, has approached the ministry of external affairs in this regard.
an application by anara devi, claiming to be the mother of the girl, is being sent to the mea, district magistrate amrit tripathi said.
the couple has also attached some documents along with their application, claiming that gita, who is in karachi, is their daughter, the dm said.
indian high commissioner in pakistan tca raghavan and his wife on tuesday had met gita following direction from swaraj and assured her to locate her family as soon as possible.
according to anara devi and her husband ramraj gautam of thammohan village under maheshganj police station here, the girl is their daughter savita who went missing since 2004, ig law and order a satish ganesh said.
devi claimed she had left the then four-year-old daughter with her brother narain das in chhapra district of bihar in 2004, the ig said.
she said that a few days later, savita went missing and a report was also lodged with the police station concerned, ganesh said.
the girl, who is now 23-year-old, started living in karachi after all efforts to trace her family in india remained unsuccessful.
the punjab rangers brought her to the edhi foundation some 14 years ago.
devi claimed that she first recognised the girl on news channels, which showed her being looked after by a social welfare group in pakistan, and approached the maheshganj police station.
she also informed the pratapgarh dm and sp about it, he said.
devi claimed that gita strayed into pakistan probably by a train.
the news channels have been showing the story of gita drawing a similarity with the reel life character 'munni' of the bollywood blockbuster 'bajrangi bhaijaan'.
raje-modi illegally occupying dholpur palace: rameshnew delhi, june 29, 2015, (pti) 15:42 istkeeping up the heat on the lalitgate issue, congress today accused rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje of forcible, illegal occupation of the dholpur palace along with lalit modi through a private company.
senior party leader jairam ramesh claimed that hemant singh, the estranged husband of raje, had admitted before a court that the palace was the property of the rajasthan government.
he told reporters that several revenue department documents between 1954 and 2010 showed that the palace was a government property but raje and lalit modi's company niyant heritage hotels has turned it into a high end luxury hotel and invested rs 100 crore with no role of the state government.
incidentally, this has happened post 2009 when the state was ruled by congress.
ramesh said that raje in her 2013 assembly poll affidavit had admitted having shares of the niyant heritage hotels pvt ltd along with her mp son dushyant singh and daughter-in-law niharika, and lalit modi.
the election affidavit reflects that she own 3280 shares, her son and daughter-in-law about 3225 shares each and lalit modi's company ananda heritage hotels pvt ltd 815 shares, establishing the financial relationship, partnership and investment of overseas money from a tax haven, he said.
he said it proved her business partnership with the former ipl chief, who is now a fugitive.
the congress leader alleged that lalit modi had used the mauritius route to invest in the company.
he also took a dig at prime minister narendra modi, describing him as swami maunendra baba for his continued silence over the lalitgate issue.
congress has been demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje over lalitgate, of hrd minister smriti irani over misrepresenting facts about her educational qualification in separate election affidavits and of maharashtra minister pankaja munde for her alleged involvement in a scam by clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on a single day instead of inviting tenders in violation of the norms.
new delhi, july 20, 2015 (ians) 15:55 istthe government on monday rejected congress demands for the resignation of a bjp minister and other leaders embroiled in charges of corruption and wrongdoing, even as prime minister narendra modi called for a national consensus on the land bill.
the question of resignation does not arise.
no one has done anything illegal or immoral, parliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu told the media after an all-party meeting here.
there is no question of accepting any ultimatum from anybody, he added, after the congress pressed for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as the chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh - vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan - for a smooth parliament session that begins on tuesday.
nobody can dictate terms to parliament.
parliament is sovereign, naidu said.
we are ready to discuss issues that the opposition wants to raise.
congress leader ghulam nabi azad, who heads the opposition in the rajya sabha, said that he hoped that modi would announce the resignations of scam-accused ministers before parliament meets on tuesday.
passing bills would (then) become very easy, azad added, giving a clear hint of the congress strategy.
the congress has been demanding the resignations of sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje over their alleged links with former ipl chief lalit modi, and of chouhan over the vyapam recruitment scam.
addressing the all-party meeting earlier, modi called upon all political parties to move forward on the land acquisition bill that has created a major national divide.
all party leaders should move forward on the bill, he said.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv pratap rudy quoted modi as saying that his government was willing to accept all good suggestions from opposition parties on various issues.
he added that it was the collective responsibility of the parties to ensure a smooth functioning of parliament.
but after the meeting ended, it was apparent that the government-opposition divide on the controversial land bill is unlikely to go away.
the samajwadi party .
.
.
will continue to oppose it, its leader ram gopal yadav said.
the meeting was attended by azad, ram gopal yadav, janata dal-united's sharad yadav, bahujan samaj party's satish mishra and cpi-m's sitaram yechury among others.
modi will also meet nda partners on monday evening.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan has also convened an all-party meet ahead of parliament's monsoon session.
bjp leaders held a series of meetings on sunday evening to discuss the party's strategy for parliament.
modi also met party leaders and ministers on sunday.
prime minister narendra modi on saturday said he had detailed discussions with chinese president xi jinping on bilateral and global issues which will add further vigour to the india-china friendship after their milestone informal summit in wuhan.
a mou on sharing hydrological information of the brahmaputra river by china to india and another pact on an amendment of the protocol on phytosanitary requirements for exporting rice from india to china to include non-basmati rice were signed after the modi-xi talks here in the eastern chinese port city.
during their meeting, which came nearly six weeks since the wuhan summit, the two leaders discussed a blueprint for deepening bilateral relationship and reviewed the implementation of decisions they had taken in the central chinese city.
the meeting took place ahead of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit and covered key aspects of the bilateral engagement, reflecting the resolve by the two countries to reset relations and bring back trust in their ties which was hit by the doklam standoff and several other thorny issues.
met this year's sco host, president xi jinping this evening.
we had detailed discussions on bilateral and global issues.
our talks will add further vigour to the india-china friendship, modi tweeted after the meeting.
recalling that he and prime minister modi successfully had an informal meeting and reached important consensus in wuhan, president xi said the meeting had been well received by both countries and the international community, and a positive atmosphere is taking shape to pay close attention to and support the development of china-india relations.
china is willing to work with india to take the wuhan meeting as a new starting point to continuously enhance political mutual trust and engage in mutually beneficial cooperation across the board, so as to push forward china-india relations in a better, faster and steadier manner, xi was quoted as saying by china's state-run xinhua news agency.
briefing the media on the modi-xi meeting, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said it was very positive and forward-looking with both leaders lauding the spirit of the wuhan summit.
president xi has accepted prime minister modi's invitation for an informal summit in india in 2019, gokhale said, adding that the dates and other formalities will be worked out later through diplomatic channels.
china's defence minister, as well as the minister for public security, will visit india.
both sides agreed that the next round of talks of the special representatives on the boundary question will be held in the second half of this year.
so far 20 rounds of talks have been held to resolve the boundary issue.
the two leaders agreed to maintain strategic communications and meet on the sidelines of international meetings.
the next modi-xi meeting would take place in south africa in july on the sidelines of the brics summit in july, he said.
india and china have agreed to set up a mechanism to enhance people-to-people exchanges.
the new mechanism would be headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinese state councilor wang yi.
the first meeting of the new mechanism would be held this year, gokhale said.
president xi suggested that the two countries should set a new trade target of usd 100 billion by 2020.
india will allow china's state-owned bank of china to establish a branch in mumbai.
the meeting between the leaders of two asian powers came after their informal summit in the chinese city of wuhan to solidify the relationship in a broad spectrum of areas and ensuring better coordination between the border guarding forces of the two countries after the doklam standoff.
after their talks in wuhan, modi and xi had decided to issue strategic guidance to their militaries to strengthen communications to build trust and understanding as part of efforts to avoid a doklam-like situation in the future.
the two leaders had also discussed ways to give impetus to their economic ties as well as people-to-people relations.
modi arrived here on a two-day visit to attend the annual sco summit.
the ties between the two neighbouring nuclear powers had nosedived following last year's doklam standoff as well as due to a number of other issues including china blocking india's move to get pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar banned by the un and its opposition to india's bid for the nuclear suppliers group membership.
china's belt and road initiative was also strongly opposed by india as part of it goes through pakistan-occupied kashmir.
troops of india and china were locked in the 73-day standoff in doklam since june 16 last year after the indian side stopped the construction of a road by the chinese army in the disputed area.
bhutan and china have a dispute over doklam.
the face-off had ended on august 28.
however, there have been concerted efforts by both sides to reset ties leaving behind the doklam episode.
last week, modi had said that asia and the world will have a better future when india and china work together with trust and confidence while being sensitive to each other's interests.
modi also said that an asia of rivalry will hold the region back while an asia of cooperation will shape the current century.
the prime minister's comments at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore were appreciated by china.
new delhi, jun 26, 2015, pti: 12:21 istcongress today hit back after lalit modi said he had run into priyanka gandhi and her husband robert vadra in a london restaurant, saying it was a case of 'chhota modi' helping 'bada modi' (narendra modi) with lies.
congress' chief spokesperson randeep surjewala insisted that neither priyanka nor her husband ever interacted socially with the former ipl boss and running into anybody in a restaurant was not a crime.
he said lalit modi was working at the behest of bjp to divert attention to non-issues and reiterated the main opposition's demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for their help to him.
in a sharp attack on the bjp, he said it should tell its black money stooges to not rely on red-herrings and the government answer to people about accusations levelled at swaraj and raje.
i can say with full responsibility that neither priyanka gandhi nor robert vadra ever interacted with lalit modi socially.
if you see somebody in a restaurant, it is not a crime.
'chhota modi' is helping 'bada modi' with lies.
it is a diversionary tactic of the bjp to take attention to non-issues.
the government should speak about real issue and not hide behind lalit modi, surjewala told reporters.
lalit modi had last night tweeted, happy to meet the gandhi family.
.
.
in london.
i had run into robert and priyanka separately.
surjewala said swaraj and raje helped a fugitive accused of fraud of gigantic proportions and noted how swaraj spoke to the british envoy in india to help lalit modi without consulting with her ministry officials.
raje, he added, gave an affidavit to the uk government in his favour with a condition that it should not be made known to indian authorities.
the government must explain why they did it.
he also asked the centre to release official communication of the interaction between then finance minister p chidambaram and his british counterpart in which chidambaram strongly pushed for deportation of lalit modi from uk to india.
new delhi, jun 21, 2012, dhns: 1:30 istnda, left divided over support to upa nomineethe forthcoming presidential election has resulted in a vertical split in the national democratic alliance and left front, making the journey of upa candidate pranab mukherjee to rashtrapati bhavan easier.
the divide in the nda was complete on thursday as the jd(u) followed the shiv sena and announced its support to the finance minister, while the bjp and the akali dal favoured former lok sabha speaker p a sangma who has been adopted by them as their candidate for the top post.
as for the left front, the cpm and forward bloc decided to support mukherjee.
the cpi and the rsp opted to abstain from voting scheduled to take place on july 19.
thanking the bjp for supporting him, sangma said he would appeal to the tmc, jd(u) and the sena to support him.
he already has the support of the aiadmk and bjd.
support for mukherjee grew on thursday as jd(s) too announced support for him.
the jharkhand mukti morcha, which is part of nda as well as upas trinamool congress have not taken any decision.
they asserted that the decision of jd(u) and sena would have no impact on the mature coalition of nda.
jd(u) president sharad yadav told journalists that his party was for a consensus and would back mukherjee.
he said his party supporting 77-year-old mukherjee did not mean that the nda was divided.
the bjp was sucked into a situation where it had no option but to assist an outsider primarily, on two counts.
new delhi, oct 29, 2015, dhns 1:22 istwith the government pushing india inc to invest more in africa, ongc videsh ltd (ovl) said it has planned to double investment in africa if nations offer partnership and assure a safe work environment.
currently our investment in africa is around $8 billion, which we hope to double in the next 3-4 years.
we are looking at opportunities in angola, algeria, gabon and guinea.
african nations can provide resources and partnership, n k verma, managing director ovl said here at the india-africa business forum on wednesday.
but we need adequate compensation from host nations for investing in risky and tougher projects, he said.
vermas remarks followed a bilateral discussion between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her south sudanese counterpart barnaba marial benjamin on the sidelines of the ongoing india-africa forum summit in which swaraj raised the security issue.
she requested if work can resume at an early date because ongc videsh is very keen that its workers go back and oil production starts from there, said vikas swarup, spokesperson at the ministry of external affairs.
benjamin informed swaraj that his countrys petroleum minister was in new delhi and held talks with officials in india's petroleum ministry and with ovl to resolve the pending issues.
the two ministers also discussed the political situation and the peace agreement.
india currently imports 75 per cent of its crude and gas, out of which almost one-fourth comes from the african continent.
since energy import would continue to be more than 50 per cent by 2030, the government introduced new policies to facilitate exploration.
the bilateral trade between india and africa multiplied 20 times in the last 15 years and doubled in the last five years to reach nearly $72 billion in 2014-15.
its still way below its potential, considering the size of india and africa, she said.
indian companies have invested about $32.
35 billion in africa but the scope is much more because of the continents rich natural resources and demand.
sushma justifies move, cites humanitarian grounds as reasonnew delhi, june 14, 2015, dhns 23:29 istunfazed by allegations that she influenced british immigration authorities to grant travel documents to fugitive ipl ex-chief lalit modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has issued a detailed response to counter the opposition's demand of her removal from the union cabinet.
meanwhile, she has also been accused by the british media of seeking british mp keith vaz's help to secure admission for a relative in a university there.
vaz had previously offered to help swarajs nephew to apply for a british law degree course, reported london-based the sunday times on sunday.
indian-origin labour mp vaz kept mum on this issue when a news television channel tried to seek his comment over phone.
in her detailed candid reply, swaraj admitted to helping modi out on humanitarian grounds, but at the same time tweeted: what benefit did i pass on to lalit modi  that he could sign consent papers for surgery of his wife suffering from cancer?
(sic)he was in london.
after his wife's surgery, he came back to london.
what is it that i changed?
she said.
some time in july 2014, lalit modi told me his wife was suffering from cancer and her surgery was fixed for august 4 (that year) in portugal.
he told me he had to be present in the hospital to sign the consent papers.
he informed me he had applied for travel documents in london, and that the uk government was prepared to give him the documents.
however, they were restrained by a upa government communication that this would spoil indo-uk relations, she explained.
she also acknowledged that vaz spoke to her, and that i told him precisely what i told the british high commissioner.
i genuinely believe that in a situation such as this, giving emergency travel documents to an indian citizen cannot and should not spoil relations between the two countries, she said.
she also reminded her critics that the delhi high court had only a few days ago quashed the upa governments order to impound modis passport, terming the previous regime's move unconstitutional, and that he got his passport back.
rahul said that the decision to facilitate lalit modis travel to portugal had tacit approval of the prime minister and sought an explanation from him but stopped short of demanding his resignation.
displaying unusual aggression, rahul accused narendra modi of standing by another modi who was a master of black money.
he also reminded the prime minister that he had promised to get back black money within 100 days of coming to power.
sushma swaraj is just a minor minister in the cabinet.
only one man is running the government.
the prime minister should stop protecting (lalit) modi, rahul told reporters in korba in chhatisgarh.
at the aicc briefing, chief spokesperson randeep singh surjewala demanded examination of the prime ministers conduct in the entire controversy involving facilitation of lalit modis travel to portugal on humanitarian grounds.
was the external affairs minister acting at the instance of the prime minister?
was the prime minister helping a money launderer?
if these facts are correct, then the prime minister has lost the moral right to continue in office, surjewala said.
he, however, added this was subject to verification of the charges levelled by the congress.
we are not demanding the prime ministers resignation.
let him (pm) first give an explanation to the nation.
the prime minister, who tweets on every other issue, has adopted a studied silence, he said.
environment minister prakash javadekar dubbed rahuls allegations as senseless.
i do not want to respond to such senseless statements, he said.
surjewala said the incontrovertible facts, documents and details of the modigate emerging since sunday clearly reflected active complicity of not only the external affairs minister but also pointed towards the entire bjp government aiding and abetting a fugitive with tacit approval of the prime minister.
he alleged sushmaswaraj had overturned existing government communications to a foreign country.
these communications of the previous upa government not only denied travel documents to modi but also sought his arrest to hold him accountable to law and repatriate black money laundered by him, surjewala said.
former finance minister p chidambaram also asked the government to release the letters written to the uk chancellor on the lalit modi case.
once the clear demarcation of the maritime boundary with pakistan is done and the installation of gps on fishing boats is complete, there will be no problem in dealing with the situation, she said.
installation of gps on boats have started.
once the international maritime boundary is demarcated, it would be clear for fishermen till where they could go, she said.
the maritime boundary could be clearly marked by floating poles and lights to warn fishermen not to go beyond them, she said.
marking of the maritime boundary should be done in a way so that it is easily identifiable by the fishermen.
cleanse political system first, govindacharya tells union governmentbengaluru, july 07, 2015, dhns: 0:52 istin an apparent reference to a series of alleged scams that have hit the bjp and the narendra modi-led government at the centre, right-wing ideologue and former bjp leader k n govindacharya on monday said the clean india campaign had no meaning unless the political system is cleansed.
speaking at an event organised by bharat yatra kendra here, govindacharya remarked, cleaning the political field is essential for the clean india campaign.
the modi government has already completed one year in office.
these campaigns are diversionary tactics.
he took a dig at the modi government for calling the bjps election promises as paraphrases and political gimmick to win the polls.
by calling its promises paraphrases (jumla), the bjp is rubbing salt into the wounds of the people who are burdened with numerous problems.
the bjp should not be under the impression that public memory is short.
speaking about lalitgate that brought to the fore former indian premier league commissioner lalit modis unholy nexus with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and her son dushyant singh, govindacharya said, society functions on the basis of morality and not legality.
one can be legally absolved, but that may not be the case when it comes to morality.
he reminded the modi government that absolving corrupt people amounted to dishonouring the mandate and public sentiment.
govindacharya flayed the development model that focused only on industrial growth.
someone in the niti ayog thinks that 40 per cent of the people in the agricultural field should be made industrial labourers.
for him, bharat, family and agricultural traditions have no meaning.
people like him have found a new coinage like creative destruction.
he flayed the policies of the government that ruined environment and ecology.
'indo-us stand on south china sea avoidable'bengaluru, feb 4, 2015, dhns: 2:06 istchina on wednesday said it will have no problem with close indo-us ties, but was only concerned about unnecessary references in their interactions to the contentious south china sea issues.
within 10 days of us president barack obamas visit to india, during which the two sides issued a joint communiqu with references to issues involving the south china sea, chinese ambassador le yucheng said beijing had no issues with us president barack obamas high profile visit.
the us president had undertaken a similarly successful bilateral visit to china just a few months ago.
but the reference to the contentious south china sea disputes, to which neither india nor the us had any claims, in the indo-us joint communique in new delhi was unnecessary, the ambassador felt.
le, at an interactive session with deccan herald here, said there was also no need to refer to the freedom and security of navigation in the south china sea waters.
we havent recorded a single incident that threatens the freedom and security of any nation in the south china sea.
sixty per cent of our imports/exports go through this area.
china is, more than anyone else, interested in keeping these waters safer and free for navigation, he said.
the chinese ambassador said he had learnt through his contacts with high-level indian officials that the reference to the south china sea was made at the us behest.
they told me that they are really with china on this matter.
but they had some concerns from the us.
le, however, said there was determination on indian and chinese sides to take the india-china ties to new and intensive levels of engagement.
the imminent opening of the nathula pass border crossing point for indian pilgrims visiting kailash-mansarovar in china could boost india-china people-to-people contacts.
an mou to this effect was just finalised during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs recent visit to china, the ambassador said.
nathula was opened for border trade a decade ago.
the ambassador said the first batch of indian pilgrims would be china in june this year.
it is a new road, it will provide more convenience.
you can sit in a car and drive to kailash-mansarovar.
in the years to come, we can have increased numbers of pilgrims from the current 250 to 1,000 and more.
on prime minister narendra modis china visit, he said that it was expected before may 26, well within the first year of his assuming office.
le, who advocated strong bilateral trade and investment ties, also sounded optimistic about resolving the long-pending boundary issue.
he felt the dispute would be addressed through talks and a combination of quiet diplomacy, frequent dialogues, political will, mutual concessions, trust and compromise would be the right approach.
the minister also said that the indian consulate in san francisco is helping the family of 26-year-old vikram jaryal, who was shot dead allegedly by two masked armed robbers.
i have received a report on the shootout incident resulting in the tragic death of indian national vikram jaryal in washington state usa, swaraj tweeted.
the victim was only 26 years old and had reached us only 25 days back.
he was working at the gas station of a family friend, she said in a series of tweets.
jaryal, who worked as a clerk at am-pm gas station in yakima city, was behind the counter when the incident happened.
his family had yesterday sought swaraj's help to bring his body back.
on 6 april two miscreants entered the shop at 1.
30 am.
they snatched cash from victim and shot on his chest.
we are coordinating with the investigative agencies.
they have got the cctv footage and are in the process of apprehending the culprits, she said our consulate in san francisco is helping the family and following this up with the police authorities, she added.
jaryal hailed from hoshiarpur district in punjab.
congress workers ransack party office in bellarybellary (karnataka), aug 1, 2014, (ians) : 15:24 istabout 100 congress workers friday ransacked their party office here after their local leaders were denied ticket to contest in a by-election in the state.
the by-poll in question is to be held aug 21 in the bellary rural assembly segment, 310 km from bangalore.
in what appeared to be a pre-meditated move, local television channels were alerted to telecast live the ruckus as party workers and supporters of local leaders broke into the office in a rented premises, smashed window panes, a television flat screen mounted on a wall, flower pots and furniture and tore posters and banners stuck on walls.
our workers and supporters of local leaders are upset with the party's choice to field n.y. gopalakrishna for the by-poll, as he is an outsider and a former lawmaker from molakalmuru in the neighbouring chitradurga district, a party official told ians.
the by-election was necessitated by the resignation of former bjp minister b.r. sriramulu from the reserved constituency following his election from the bellary reserved (st) parliamentary constituency in the general elections.
with saturday being the last date for filing nominations, the ruling party's state unit president g. parameshwara and chief minister siddaramaiah were under pressure to nominate one of the local leaders, with as many as 19 of them in the race for the elusive ticket.
in spite of conveying our strong feelings against nominating gopalakrishna, parameshwara and siddaramaiah have recommended him for approval to the high command ignoring local leaders, the office-bearer in the party's district unit said.
congress president sonia gandhi won from the bellary lok sabha seat in october 1999 mid-term polls, defeating the then bjp candidate and present external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the ruling party also short-listed ganesh hukkeri to contest from the chikkodi-sadalga assembly segment in the state's northern region and shantahaveerappa gowda from the shikaripura assembly constituency in the state's malnad region, where by-polls will be held on the same day (aug 21).
ganesh hukkeri is son of former congress minister prakash hukkeri, who resigned the chikkodi seat after winning in the recent polls from the chikkodi parliamentary constituency.
the shikaripura assembly seat fell vacant following the election of former bjp chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa from the shimoga lok sabha constituency.
the opposition bjp has already selected its nominees for the three by-elections, while the regional janata dal-secular (jd-s) has decided not to enter the contest.
the bjp's nominees are mahantesh kavatagimath from chikkodi, obalesh from bellary rural and b.y. raghavendra from shikaripura.
raghavendra, son of yeddyurappa, represented the shimoga lok sabha constituency in the previous term (2009-14).
rss okay with sushmaswaraj as prezdh news service, new delhi, jun 16 2017, 1:12 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
dh file photoa section of the rss is understood to have conveyed to the bjp that they are not averse to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj being considered for the post of the president.
they said sushmaswaraj has the political stature, administrative experience and constitutional knowledge required to hold the august office.
the seven-time mp and three-time mla has regained health and joined office after undergoing a kidney transplant last december at aiims, delhi.
sushma has come in for praise for her prompt and relentless efforts to rescue several stranded indians from distress situations.
the nda nominee will be finalised only after rss agrees to a candidate shortlisted by prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah.
a bjp source said a structured meeting with the rss top brass has not taken place so far, though it was speculated that shah had broached the topic when he met rss chief mohan bhagwat in nagpur on may 30.
lalit modi row: govt, bjp and rss stand by sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, june 14, 2015, (pti): 15:25 istrejecting opposition demands for sushmaswaraj swaraj's resignation, the government, the bjp as well as rss today defended the external affairs minister over the lalit modi travel documents issue, asserting that she had done no wrong and only acted on humanitarian grounds.
we want to make it clear that whatever she has done is right.
we justify it and the government completely stands by her, home minister rajnath singh said after meeting prime minister narendra modi over the controversy.
swaraj also reportedly talked to the prime minister.
singh's comment came after reports that sushmaswaraj had written to british lawmaker keith vaz to recommend travel documents for lalit modi, scam-tainted former ipl commissioner, for visiting portugal.
he said any person with humanitarian approach should do the same as lalit modi had said that his wife was suffering from cancer and he needed travel documents to visit her in portugal.
when referred to opposition demands for her resignation, the home minister said, i don't agree.
bjp chief amit shah also strongly defended swaraj, saying she had acted in a humanitarian manner and no big moral issue was involved.
decrying uproar over the issue, he said attempts to gain political mileage will not yield any results as he attacked opposition congress by referring to the bofors scam and union carbide controversies.
sushmaji has herself clarified.
the matter is clear.
lalit modi had said his wife is suffering from cancer and sought help.
she (swaraj) said if british rules permit, then he should be helped.
there is no need for any uproar.
there is no issue of moral grounds, shah said, virtually rejecting opposition demands for her resignation.
he said it was an indian helping an indian.
hitting back at congress, the bjp chief said this matter was different from making bofors scam accused ottavio quattrocchi flee from india or allowing union carbide chief warren anderson to leave the country.
rss leader indresh kumar also defended swaraj, saying whatever she might have done would have been guided by her humane nature and nationalistic spirit.
sushmaji is full of nationalism and humane nature.
whatever she might have done, would be guided by nationalism and humane nature, he said.
new delhi, feb 15, 2015 (pti) 19:46 istin his maiden foreign trip after assuming charge, sri lankan president maithripala sirisena arrived heretoday on a four-day visit during which he will hold talks with the indian leadership on entire gamut of bilateral ties including ways to further enhance cooperation and the peace and reconciliation process in the island nation.
63-year-old sirisena, who had dethroned mahinda rajapaksa from his 10-year rule after a bitter presidential poll, has already indicated that he wants to have a closer relationship with india and chose it for his first foreign visit.
the sri lankan president and prime minister narendra modi will hold talks tomorrow during which they are likely to deliberate on all major issues such as devolution of power to the tamil community and the sticky fishermen issue.
india has been hoping that the new lankan government will develop ties on the foundation of genuine and effective reconciliation creating harmony among all sections there.
india has also been pressing for implementation of 13th amendment to the sri lankan constitution.
the amendment that followed the indo-sri lankan accord of july 1987 signed between then prime minister rajiv gandhi and then sri lankan president j r jayewardene envisagedthe devolution of powers to the provinces in the midst of theisland's bitter ethnic conflict.
in the evening tomorrow, sirisena will meet president pranab mukherjee who will also host a banquet in the honour of his sri lankan counterpart.
sirisena is leading a delegation that includes foreign minister mangala samaraweera, health minister rajitha senaratne, resettlement minister d m swaminathan, power and energy minister champika ranawaka and justice minister wijayadasa rajapaksha.
the sri lankan foreign minister had visited india last month on his first foreign trip soon after assuming charge during which he held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
in the meeting between swaraj and samaraweera, both sides agreed to re-engage on repatriation of refugees from india, besides holding talks on a raft of crucial issues, including political reconciliation process and the sticky fishermen issue.
according to official figures, more than 100,000 sri lankan refugees are in tamil nadu, out of which some 68,000 are housed in over 100 government-run camps.
last week, the spokesperson of the external affairs ministry had said both the countries were looking at substantive talks.
the sri lankan president will travel to buddhist pilgrimage site bodh gaya and the temple in tirupati on february 17 before returning home on february 18.
no end in sight to parliament deadlock;cong, bjp in blame-gamenew delhi, aug 9, 2015 (pti): 18:46 istparliament is likely to remain paralysed during the last days of monsoon session as congress today showed no signs of relenting on its protests on the lalit modi and vyapam issues and hit out at the bjp for its politics of abuse.
the ruling party too sharpened its attack on the congress saying it had played the role of obstructionist and destructive opposition during the session as it was politically bankrupt.
25 congress members of the lok sabha, who were suspended by speaker sumitra mahajan for five days for unruly behaviour, will be back in the house tomorrow.
congress leaders, however, parried questions on whether the mps would again be showing placards in the house, an act that had angered the presiding officer.
union minister venkaiah naidu appealed to the congress to allow parliament to function for the remaining four days saying government was willing to consider any meaningful suggestion to break the deadlock, but it failed to break the ice.
eight more important bills are there, four bills were already passed in lok sabha.
i hope congress understands its responsibility.
let us see what is going to happen (tomorrow).
i want monday to be monday and i don't want monday to be a sunday, he told reporters in chennai.
i have told them (congress party) that please come to the house.
let there be discussion.
even the suspension of congress mps could be revoked.
but there was no response.
even now if there is a meaningful suggestion, the government is willing to consider the suggestion, naidu said.
the opposition party, however, told the government that it was not amused by the politics of abuse resorted to by bjp leaders and union ministers against sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi.
unfortunately, bjp leadership's thought process is fast turning to the level of personal abuse as reflected from statements of kailash vijayvargiya, prakash javadekar, smriti irani and santosh gangwar.
we, in congress, reject in toto and want to humbly tell the modi government that politics of abuse will never replace the politics of consensus and construction in india, congress' chief spokesman randeep surjewala said here.
the opposition has been agitating for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping controversial former ipl commissioner lalit modi and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam, leading to disruption of proceedings in parliament.
protesting against the suspension of mps, congress and other opposition parties boycotted lok sabha proceedings.
targeting rahul gandhi who along with congress chief sonia gandhi is leading the protests, bjp said he is miles away from ground realities and alleged that congress has made parliament a platform to display its narrow political mindset.
union minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said while politics of parliament and road is for people's welfare, the brand new leader of the grand old party is neither able to understand realities of the roads nor importance of parliament.
the minister said that disruption in parliament on genuine issues is an acceptable part of democracy, but it must be issue-based, logical and in the interest of people of the country.
but what we have seen from day one of the current monsoon session of parliament, which started on july 21, is disruption on non-issues and without any logic.
it is against democratic principles.
proceedings in both the houses have been disrupted by the congress, the main opposition party, on baseless issues while the government was always ready for debate on all the issues and to resolve them, naqvi claimed in his blog post.
a senior congress leader, who declined to be identified, said that there have been no efforts from the government side in the last two days to end the deadlock.
party leaders have thrown theball in the government's court on the issue of smooth functioning of parliament contending that if it was interested in its running, then it will reach out to the opposition.
it said thatthe deadlock in parliament would end when the prime minister takes action those indulging in gross impropriety and corruption.
the monsoon session is concluding on august 13 and government has plans to bring the land bill in the lok sabha this week.
home minister rajnath singh too appealed to opposition parties today to lend support to gst bill for its passage in parliament and said the government is open to amendments in future.
i appeal to all parties to support us in parliament so that we can pass it.
we are open to amendments of gst bill in future as per suggestions of traders, he said addressing a conference of traders here.
bjp mps protest against cong's house blockadenew delhi, july 24, 2015, dhns: 1:05 istwhile the opposition succeeded in shutting up house proceedings, the ruling bjp had its own protest asking the congress to allow the parliament to function.
after waving placards inside lok sabha, bjp mps protested outside parliament building asking congress to let the houses transact business.
the protest before mahatma gandhi statue was led by bjp with participation from its other nda allies like akali dal, pdp and tdp, but shiv sena, ljp and rslp were missing.
shame shame.
scams and scams in congress states read a placard, questioning sonia gandhi and rahul gandhis silence on corruption cases against chief ministers of congress ruled states like uttarakhand, himachal pradesh, kerala and karnataka.
the move is seen as an effort to counter the protests against the modi government.
the first week of the parliament session ended without transacting any business as congress demanded the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan in order for the houses to function normally.
some of the opposition parties were surprised at the sight of the ruling party mps sitting in protest.
ruling party (nda mps) today sat on dharna, from whom were they demanding action?
from god?
just amazing behaviour, jd(u) leader sharat yadav said.
the government is sitting on a dharna outside parliament.
maybe their demand is to (us president) obama, tweeted aam aadmi party leader kumar vishwas.
when reminded that the bjp laughed at aap leaders sitting on dharna after assuming power, union minister prakash javadekar said the two cannot be compared.
new delhi, march 9, 2015, (ians) 19:00 istthe rajya sabha on monday witnessed commotion over separatist leader masrat alam's release in jammu and kashmir, with several members even calling it a compromise with national security.
despite assurances from home minister rajnath singh and leader of the house arun jaitley, the opposition members created a ruckus to press for their demand that prime minister narendra modi make a statement on the issue.
modi was present in the upper house when rajnath singh gave a clarification on his statement over alam's release, and had earlier spoken on the issue in the lok sabha.
while opposition members slammed the government for undermining the house as the prime minister did not speak, the government said the opposition did not ask for the statement while the prime minister was there.
jaitley said it was an attempt to stall other business in the house, which was scheduled to take up the mines and minerals bill.
the issue was raised in the morning by congress leader anand sharma, following which jaitley assured that the government would not compromise on national security.
however, congress members trooped near the chairman's podium, forcing a brief adjournment.
raising the issue during zero hour, sharma said: separatist in the jail were set free (in jammu and kashmir) and the state administration is encouraging it.
trinamool congress leader derek o'brien said it was a compromise with national security.
the limited point here is security of the nation has been compromised.
why it has been compromised, we want to know.
it is pretty obvious that selfish convenience of politics has won over conviction.
the government needs to come clear on it, he said.
peoples democratic party member mir mohammad fayaz, meanwhile, questioned why the congress did not have problem when yasin malik was released during the tenure of apdp-congress coalition government in jammu and kashmir.
when pdp-congress government was in power, yasin malik was released.
then there was no ruckus, fayaz remarked.
people of kashmir want peace.
during nda government of atal bihari vajpayee, the people of kashmir had come out and voted; now they have polled 70 percent votes.
do these people not want peace in jammu and kashmir, he wondered.
making a statement later, the home minister said the government was not satisfied with the clarifications of the jammu and kashmir government on the release of separatist leader masrat alam and has sought a fresh report from it.
i am happy the whole house is concerned.
if i can understand their feeling, the whole house agrees that jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india, and will always be, he said.
i want to assure the house, and i am speaking on behalf of the prime minister, we will not allow any one to disintegrate the nation, howsoever big the power may be, the home minister added.
soon after the home minister's speech, the upper house saw members seeking clarifications from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe's comments, justifying shooting of indian fishermen.
however, when the clarifications were over, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad asked why the prime minister spoke on the issue in lok sabha, but not in the upper house.
he spoke in the other house but did not speak here.
we would have demanded that he speak, but we did not know he has spoken in the other house, azad said.
responding to this, jaitley said: when clarifications were being sought the prime minister was present throughout.
.
.
he even sat beyond that debate in case any one had any clarifications to ask.
two hours later, for some other collateral reasons to say prime minister did not intervene.
.
.
my appeal to all my colleagues in the opposition is that the coal ordinance and mine and mineral ordinance are two important pieces of legislation where the entire money is going to the states and particularly to states that have lot of tribal population, he said.
congress members, however, trooped near the chairman's podium, raising slogans accusing the government of undermining rajya sabha, the house of elders.
amid the ruckus, the upper house saw a brief adjournment, before being adjourned for the day.
ins sudarshini sail to mark 50-yrs of indo-singapore bilateral tieschennai, nov 5, 2014 (pti): 12:22 istindian navy's sailing ship ins sudarshini is set to sail from kochi to singapore next month to mark the golden jubilee of bilateral ties between india and the island state in south-east asia.
to mark the completion of 50 years of diplomatic ties between india and singapore, the indian navy has decided to set to sail ins sudarshini to that country.
we are planning to leave kochi by the end of next month, commander t rajasekhar, commanding officer of ins sudarshini told pti.
the ship would be open for visitors between january 19 and 23 next year in singapore, he said.
earlier this year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj kicked off year-long celebrations to mark 50 years of establishment of india-singapore diplomatic ties jointly with singapore foreign minister k shanmugam, who noted that india was one of the first countries to give diplomatic recognition to singapore.
to mark the feat, president pranab mukherjee and his singapore counterpart tony tan would exchange state visits next year.
shanmugam had also said the year-long celebration would also include a singapore festival in india and an indian festival in singapore.
the annual bilateral trade has flourished in the last decade from usd 4.
2 billion in 2003-04 to around usd 19.
4 billion in 2013-14, notably since the signing of the comprehensive economic cooperation agreement (ceca) in 2005.
belonging to the first training squadron at the southern naval command of the indian navy, ins sudarshini is primarily engaged in training naval and ncc cadets on the seamanship but also goes on historic voyages around the world.
since its official launch in 2011, the three-masted sailing ship with a barque rig has been on significant voyages of national importance.
the 54-metre-long ship with 20 sails has been on a six-month voyage to nine asean nations during 2012-13 retracing the ancient route taken by indian mariners to south east asia during the 18th century.
ins sudarshini with a crew of five officers, 31 sailors and 30 cadets can remain at sea for at least 20 days at a time.
ins sudarshini is presently sailing from chennai to nagappattinam in tamil nadu, to mark the indian navy's commemoration of emperor rajendra chola's millennium of coronation.
srinagar, dec 5, 2015 (ians) 19:31 istexpressing happiness over the proposed visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to islamabad and hope it would revive the stalled dialogue process, former jammu and kashmir chief minister farooq abdullah saturday said good india-pakistan ties were must to deal with threats like the is.
on behalf on my party, i welcome the upcoming visit of sushmaswaraj swaraj and pray that it will lead to some conclusion for better ties between india and pakistan, he said on the sidelines of a function to pay homage to his father and national conference founder sheikh abdullah here.
he said if both the neighbouring countries have to counter the rising threat of isis-like extremist militant outfits, then friendship between india and pakistan is must for stability of south asia.
improvement in the situation in jammu and kashmir is directly related with thaw in the relations between the two countries, he added.
abdullah also urged for opening of all historical road links with pakistani kashmir, saying it will benefit easing of tensions and will improve situation in the kashmir valley.
he also reiterated his suggestion of maintaining status quo on kashmir.
if that side of kashmir will remain with pakistan and this side with india and maximum possible autonomy is given on both sides, then borders will get irrelevant and a new dawn of peace and progress can become a reality, he added.
on the incidents of rising intolerance in the country, abdullah said it is good major political parties have condemned them.
this land belongs to all irrespective of religion or caste or colour.
we all have to be one if india is to prosper, he said.
indian warships to exercise in south china seanew delhi, june 01, 2015, dhns: 0:42 istdrills to be conducted with five asean countriesfour indian naval warships have reached the south china sea to exercise with five asean nations surrounding the disputed sea zone, before sailing to australia.
while two of themstealth frigate ins satpura and anti-submarine warfare corvette ins kamortawere already there taking part in the simbex-2015 drills with singapore navy, two other shipsmissile destroyer ins ranvir and fleet tanker ins shaktireached jakarta on sunday.
the indian warships will exercise with indonesian navy for the next four days before touching asean ports like kuantan in malaysia, sattahip in thailand and sihanoukville in cambodia.
after completing these engagements, the warships will set sail for freemantle in australia.
the deployment involves a three-month-long voyage of the eastern fleet of indian navy, led by rear admiral ajendra bahadur singh.
the indian deployment comes at a time when territorial dispute over the area is increasing, with several countries opposing china's alleged plans of militarisation of the maritime zone.
successive indian navy chiefs have stated that navy is capable of including south china sea as its area of interest if indian assets are threatened.
india believes in the freedom of navigation.
indian oil exploration activities in the south china sea are in accordance with all international laws.
three years ago, on a routine port call to vietnam, indian warship ins airavat had received a message from a chinese military vessel asking it to leave what the chinese claimed was their territorial waters, but otherwise accepted as international waters.
on july 22 (in 2012), at a distance of 45 nautical miles from the vietnamese coast in the south china sea, it was contacted on an open radio channel by a caller identifying himself as the 'chinese navy' stating that 'you are entering chinese waters'.
no ship or aircraft was visible from ins airavat, which proceeded on her onward journey as scheduled.
there was no confrontation, stated the external affairs ministry.
the south china sea disputes figured prominently at the ongoing shangri-la dialogue at singapore, which for the first time was attended by us secretary of defence ashton carter.
minister of state for defence rao inderjit singh, who represented india at the security meet, did not mention south china sea in his address.
raje should quit along with swaraj: congnew delhi, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 11:56 istwith the latest revelations in modigate drawing vasundhra raje into the controversy, congress today demanded that rajasthan chief minister also resign along with external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj should step down and raje should also resign for helping lalit modi, an economic offender and fugitive, spokesperson shobha ojha told reporters.
ojha also targeted prime minister narendra modi, saying his silence in the matter so far showed that there is a mute support by the pm to these leaders.
besides, she said the party wanted a supreme court monitored special investigation team (sit) to go into the modigate.
she dismissed as laughable bjp's charge that congress was targeting women leaders of bjp.
since they want to hide their crimes, they are raising the gender issue which is condemnable and laughable, she said.
taking a dig at modi government, she said that modigate showed achche din for economic offenders like latit modi with the entire government coming to his rescue.
raje and swaraj stand exposed for helping lalit modi, she alleged.
jagadish shettar will be bjp's cm candidate for k'taka pollsnew delhi, apr 8, 2013 (pti) 19:26 istjagadish shettar will be the bjp's chief ministerial candidate in the karnataka assembly polls, rajnath singh said today, even as he downplayed the issue of corruption that has plagued the party-led government in the southern state.
singh, who was addressing a bangalore rally through video conferencing after his aircraft developed some snag and he had to return mid-way, also announced that bjp leaders l k advani and narendra modi will be the party's star campaigners in karnataka.
the bjp president, along with senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, was to visit bangalore to kick-start the party's election campaign today.
addressing the rally, singh admitted that his party faced adverse situation after removing b s yeddyurappa as chief minister over allegations of corruption, but said his party would not spare anyone indulging in corruption.
we had to face some adverse situation in karanataka .
.
.
it would have been good if there was no allegation against b s yeddyurappa.
we wish we had one chief minister for five years, singh said.
i want to assure the people of karnataka that anyone indulging in corruption will not remain in his chair in the bjp, he said.
singh listed interest-free loans to farmers, devolution of power by empowering panchayats, rural drinking water schemes, infrastructure development and introduction of bus service in bangalore that won several awards, besides laying the foundation of metro rail in bangalore as achievements of the bjp government in karnataka.
in five years, the government's performance was satisfactory.
i am confident that the bjp will get a clear majority in karnataka, singh said.
to a question on possible tie-up with yeddyurappa's party, singh said there was no question of it.
the bjp president rejected suggestions that support for his party had weakened in the state following the exit of yeddyurappa.
bjp is not a party run by individuals.
it is run by team spirit, he said.
he said shettar did not get enough time to work for the welfare of the people of the state, but performed well in the limited time he had.
singh claimed that karnataka was among the best performing states which had bjp government, including gujarat and madhya pradesh.
he hit out at the congress for failing to bring india in the top league of nations in the world despite being in power for 53 years.
last updated: 28 may, 2011bangalore, may 29 (ians) 16:23 istkarnataka chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa has sought to defuse a possible major controversy rocking the bharatiya janata party (bjp) central leadership by claiming that nobody influenced him to take mining barons, the reddy brothers, into his cabinet.
cabinet making is my prerogative.
none recommended them (the reddy brothers), he told reporters at hubli, about 360 km from here, late friday after senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj was reported as having said she had no hand in the their becoming ministers.
the reddy brothers always refer to sushmaswaraj swaraj as their 'thayi' (mother) and only she could persuade them to give up their demand for yeddyurappa's head when they had rebelled against him in october 2009.
of the three brothers, two are ministers - g. janardhana, the most vocal of them, holds tourism portfolio, and elder g. karunakara the revenue department.
the third of the reddy brothers, g. somashekara, is a member of the assembly from bellary, the iron ore-rich district and their political stronghold.
he also heads the karnataka milk federation, the largest cooperative of milk producers in the state that sells milk and milk products under the brand name 'nandini'.
their close associate b. sriramulu is the health minister.
the reddy brothers, also called bellary brothers, have not reacted to the brewing controversy.
there cannot be a bigger lie.
let me tell you the truth, i have no hand in the political making of the bellary brothers.
i had nothing to do in making them ministers or building up their stature as political leaders, swaraj was quoted as having said in an interview to weekly news magazine outlook.
the reddy brothers were struggling entrepreneurs till early 2000.
they joined the bjp just ahead of the 1999 lok sabha polls and came into contact with sushmaswaraj swaraj, who contested from bellary against congress president sonia gandhi.
gandhi, contesting the polls for the first time, chose bellary also, apart from family stronghold amethi in uttar pradesh, as the karnataka seat was a congress bastion.
gandhi won but opted to keep amethi seat creating an opening for the reddy brothers and the bjp to cash in on and turn bellary into a party stronghold.
the reddys entered mining business in 2002 coinciding with the huge demand for iron ore, mainly from china, to construct facilities for the olympic games.
the reddys' fortunes also sky-rocketed, like the price for iron ore.
now they own choppers and latest cars.
sons of a police constable in neighbouring andhra pradesh, the reddys rarely miss an opportunity to tell bellary people that it is because of your blessing that today we own helicopters and latest cars.
we don't forget that a few years back we rode cycles.
the reddys are accused of large-scale illegal mining in and around bellary.
they do not own any mines in bellary.
their obulapuram mining company has mines in andhra pradesh, bordering bellary.
the brothers have allegedly erased boundary marks between the two states to carry on their illegal mining.
the brothers strongly deny the charge.
the money power they enjoy is said to be the reason for their clout in the bjp.
every year since 1999 sushmaswaraj swaraj visits bellary to attend the 'vara mahalakshmi puja', a festival in karnataka to worship the hindu goddess of wealth.
pakistan must stop exporting terror to india if it wants to restart the stalled bilateral dialogue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on monday.
even as the officials of the coast guard of india and its counterpart pakistan maritime security agency met in new delhi for talks on monday, the external affairs minister ruled out the possibility of an early restart of formal bilateral talks.
she said new delhi still remained firm on its stand that talks and terror could not go together.
the formal dialogue between india and pakistan had been suspended in january 2013 in the wake of the killing of two indian army jawans by the soldiers of the neighbouring country near the loc in jammu and kashmir.
a move to restart the engagement as comprehensive bilateral dialogue in december 2015 was aborted as it was followed by the attack on the indian air force base at pathankot in punjab in january 2016.
the attack was carried out by the jaish-e-mohammed, a terrorist outfit based in pakistan.
china proposes ec, railway line to link tibet with india, nepalbeijing, jul 2 , 2015, pti: 12:42 istchina has proposed a trilateral economic corridor with india through nepal and a railway line linking the three nations via tibet besides undertaking of joint reconstruction of projects to rebuild quake-hit nepal.
the india-nepal-china corridor is a major initiative to promote the connectivity in the region especially between china and india and help quake-hit nepal, said huang xilian, deputy director general of the asian affairs departs of the chinese foreign ministry.
the proposal mooted by china during prime minister narendra modi's visit here in may was received positively by him, huang told indian correspondents here yesterday.
the proposal was discussed in the recent meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and his chinese counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of an international conference on nepal reconstruction in kathmandu last month.
the two ministers had further discussion on this topic and reached consensus.
we need to work together for the process of reconstruction of nepal and we need to setup a joint study group to explore the feasibility of the corridor, said huang, the foreign ministry's point man for india.
we are ready to set up study group for economic corridor.
if we can reach an agreement on feasibility we are ready to push forward it as it will bring benefit to the three countries, he said.
he also spoke about china's interest to build railway line through the himalayan passes of tibet connecting nepal and india.
the construction of this railway will help to materialise a dream.
we need to have a feasibility study on it.
we need to have consultations among the three.
if india shows some interest we can respond positively, he said.
while the recent earthquake in nepal reminded about the vulnerabilities of the region a joint study can work out how to deal with it, huang said.
china also dropped the much publicised plan to construct a high speed rail link through mt.
everest, which huang dismissed as imagination of a retired railway official.
asked about the media reports about plans to build 540-km long high speed railway cutting through mt everest, huang said an official who quoted in this regard is full of imagination.
this guy is full of imagination.
this is only a report and there is no government proposal on this, he saidin april this year, wang mengshu, a rail expert at the chinese academy of engineering, spoke about this proposal to state-run china daily.
huang said china is in discussions with india about the projects for reconstruction of nepal to rebuild it after the devastating quake which flattened many parts of the country.
he said chinese foreign minister during his meeting with swaraj appreciated india's usd one billion assistance to nepal.
china has also announced usd 483 million assistance.
besides usd 10 million cash, china will also provide either interest free loans or preferential loans.
swaraj meets chinese counterpart, raises lakhvi issuekathmandu, jun 25, 2015, (pti) 13:43 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today raised with her chinese counterpart wang yi china's blocking of india's move in the un for action against pakistan over 26/11 mastermind zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi's release, saying it was at variance with progress in ties.
the external affairs minister raised the issue of zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi on the stand china has taken on this matter in the united nations 1267 committee.
she said both india and china have been victims of terrorism and therefore there should be no distinction made between good terrorists and bad terrorists, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
she said china's stand on the matter appears to be at variance with the excellent progress otherwise being achieved in india-china bilateral relationship, swarup said.
he said wang assured swaraj that china opposes all forms of terrorism and that he will look into the matter.
he (wang) assured that there was no reason why india and china could not cooperate more closely on anti-terrorism efforts, swarup said.
at a meeting of the un sanctions committee, india had sought action against pakistan for release of lakhvi in the 26/11 trial in violation of a un resolution but the chinese representatives blocked the move on grounds that new delhi did not provide sufficient information.
lakhvi, the mastermind of the 26/11 terror attack, was released from a pakistani jail in april.
the un sanctions committee met at india's request last week.
in a letter to the current chair of the un sanctions committee jim mclay, india's permanent representative to the un asoke mukherjee last month had said lakhvi's release by a pakistani court was in violation of the 1267 un resolution dealing with designated entities and individuals.
the sanctions measures apply to designated individuals and entities associated with terror groups including al-qaeda and let, wherever located.
new delhi: aug 1, 2015, dhns 2:42 istall were varsity teachers in gaddafi's hometownmilitants owing allegiance to islamic state (is) in libya on wednesday abducted four indians trying to return home from the conflict-hit north african country, where they taught in a university in sirte  the hometown of slain dictator muammar gaddafi.
two of the teachers who hail from karnataka  mulbagal vijaykumar from bangarpet and lakshmikanth ramakrishna from raichur  however, returned safely to the university of sirte, said the government on friday.
the ministry of external affairs (mea) and the embassy of india in tripoli are trying to secure the release of the others  t gopikrishna from srikakulam in andhra pradesh and balaram from hyderabad.
four indians abducted in libya  i am happy we have been able to secure the release of lakshmikant and vijay kumar.
trying for other two (sic), wrote external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter on friday.
she also briefed prime minister narendra modi about the situation and efforts to secure the hostages' release.
the fresh abduction caused jitters in new delhi, as another group of 39 indians abducted from iraq by is-affiliated militants more than a year ago is yet to be released.
three of the four on friday were teachers at the university in sirte in western libya, while the fourth worked at the jufra campus of the university.
gaddafi, who ruled libya for 42 years, was born in sirte.
he was killed near the city in october 2011 following a mass uprising against his rule.
as the is militants took control of sirte a few months ago, the city's security situation worsened, prompting the indians to decide to return home.
they were reportedly trying to return through tripoli and tunisia, but were detained at a checkpoint around 50 km from sirte, said mea spokesperson vikas swarup in new delhi.
he did not identify the kidnappers.
sources in new delhi, however, said the ultras almost certainly owed allegiance to is.
the embassy of india in tripoli came to know of the incident around 11 pm on wednesday.
new delhi swung into action, despite being constrained by limited manpower in the embassy.
most embassy officials had been shifted from tripoli to tunis earlier this year in view of the growing instability in libya and the deteriorating security situation in its capital.
the acting head of the mission, mohammad rashid khan, got in touch with some unidentified sources, who told him the teachers had been taken back to sirte.
this was followed by some informal negotiations through intermediaries over the next two days, and resulted in the release of two, said sources in new delhi on friday.
new delhi had evacuated about 18,000 indians from libya in the wake of the uprising against the gaddafi regime in 2011.
several indian companies had to abandon projects awarded by the erstwhile libyan government when the war had escalated.
while some indians stayed back, others returned over the past few years.
as political instability continued and clashes escalated, new delhi in july 2014 issued an advisory asking all its citizens in libya to leave the country.
new delhi/chandigarh, march 28, 2012, dhns 2:09 istbundh to protest hanging hits normal lifein punjab earlier, tense moments had prevailed in some towns in view of the clemency plea.
normal life and trade was disrupted in certain parts of the state while a bandh passed off peacefully.
opposing any clemency efforts, rajoana issued another letter from jail in patiala through his foster-sister saying he had been waiting to be hanged and people should not resort to violence when hes hanged.
the centre is understood to have issued guidelines to stay the hanging, since a mercy petition was filed pleading clemency for the convict who was to be hanged on march 31.
punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal said the union home ministry has issued orders that the hanging would be in abeyance till the plea of the co-accused in the case was not dismissed.
the central bjp leadership has distanced itself from the stand taken by its long-standing ally sad (shiiromani akali dal) which has sought clemency.
on tuesday, prakash singh met bjp leaders l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, shanta kumar and arun jaitley to draw support for clemency.
the chief minister and his son, the deputy chief minister, also met senior bjp leader arun jaitley to ask him to plead the convicts case.
the bjp is clear on this issue.
the rule of law needs to take its course, bjp spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said.
the one-day bandh called by various sikh organisations against the proposed execution of balwant singh rajoana, a babbar khalsa international ideologue involved in the assassination of former punjab chief minister beant singh outside the punjab civil secretariat in chandigarh in august 1995, affected normal life and trade in punjab on wednesday.
barring stray violent clashes in certain areas which left a few with minor injuries, the bandh passed off peacefully.
shops, commercial establishments and educational institutions remained closed in several parts of the state.
the clemency announcement was instrumental in suppressing much of the surging charged-up sentiments, especially among hardliner organisations including dal khalsa and khalsa action committee.
in several places in punjab, sikh men wore saffron turbans, while women wore saffron duppatas as a mark of protest.
saffron flags atop religious places, houses and business establishments following the edict of akal takhtthe highest temporal seat of sikhismwas also seen in punjab on wednesday.
police used force to prevent protesters from marching towards the central jail in patiala where rajoana is lodged.
some clashes were also reported from jalandhar and kapurthala districts where protestors tried to down shutters.
flow of traffic on highways in patiala and amritsar too was disrupted.
a number of private and state-owned buses remained off the road.
besides flag march, punjab also saw elaborate security arrangements.
around 60,000 punjab police personnel and 15 companies of paramilitary forces were deployed across the state for maintaining the law and order.
section 144 banning assembly of five or more persons at a public place was imposed in chandigarh, the capital of punjab.
swaraj thanks pak for 'daughter of india' uzma's returnpress trust of india, new delhi, may 25 2017, 21:32 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj looks on as uzma ahmed gets emotional while uniting with her family during a press conference at jawahar bhawan in new delhi on thursday.
uzma, who alleged that she was forced to marry a pakistani man, was allowed to return india by the islamabad high court.
pti photoamid continued tension in indo- pak ties, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today thanked the pakistani establishment and judiciary for facilitating the return of indian national uzma ahmed, whom she described as a daughter of india.
the minister said she heaved a sigh of relief as soon as uzma, who had alleged that she was forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint during her visit there, crossed the wagah border earlier in the day.
without considering the current state of tense indo-pak ties, i would like to say that if uzma is back it is with big help from pakistan foreign office.
pakistan home ministry has also helped us a great deal, the minister asserted.
swaraj had words of praise for uzma's counsel barrister shahnawaz moon and justice mohsin akhtar kiyani of the islamabad high court.
she said while the counsel treated uzma as his child, the judge dealt with the case on humanitarian grounds and not through the prism of india-pakistan relations.
the pakistani judge was told by tahir that this case was a matter of 'pakistan's prestige' but he asked how is it about india and pakistan?
, the minister said.
she also thanked uzma to trust the indian high commission and said it was heartening to know that an indian when trapped in a foreign land relies on indian missions as a ray of hope.
the minister also thanked officials of the indian high commission in islamabad, especially deputy high commissioner j p singh, who recalled his first meeting with a traumatised uzma which made it easier for him to take a decision to give her shelter in the mission.
when i saw uzma kiss the indian ground at wagah border, that picture speaks a thousand words itself.
that gesture alone won the hearts of all indians, the minister added.
chidambaram demands release of letters to uk on lalit modinew delhi, june 15, 2015, (pti) 15:44 istformer finance minister p chidambaram today demanded release of letters written to the british government on the lalit modi case in the wake of controversy over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to him in getting travel documents.
in the interest of transparency, government of india should release the letters written to the uk chancellor on the lalit modi case, chidambaram, a senior congress leader, tweeted.
more than two years ago as finance minister, chidambaram had asked the british government why it was not taking action against modi, former ipl chief, who had taken refuge in london, after he was accused of a wide range of financial impropriety, including money laundering.
chidambaram had taken up the issue during his meeting with the chancellor of the exchequer george osborne in 2013.
he had wanted britain to deport him as modi's passport was impounded in india and his uk visa had run out.
new delhi, july 1, 2015, (pti) 13:22 istcongress today sought to make more trouble for the government on lalitgate issue, putting forth six demands including making public minutes of a meeting it claimed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had with uk high commissioner james bevan in which she had favoured grant of travel documents to lalit modi.
the party also wanted the prime minister to answer whether any union minister's relative received any job offer from lalit modi recently.
pitching for full disclosure by the government, congress' chief spokesman randeep surjewala claimed that swaraj has herself admitted that the meeting with the uk high commissioner had taken place.
minutes of the meeting in which help for lalit modi was sought have been recorded.
they are with the external affairs ministry and they should be made public, he told reporters.
surjewala also demanded that any communication by sushmaswaraj swaraj with bevan or uk foreign minister on the matter be released.
he wanted the prime minister to explain whether any relative of a union minister was made any job offer by lalit modi recently and what was the nature and type of the job offer.
insisting that such an offer was indeed made, he said that there was no mention of it on the website of the pm though rules of government business demand that any minister must keep the pm informed about any such offer.
demanding sacking of swaraj, he reminded the prime minister that the congress had adhered to the highest standards of propriety by asking for resignation of madhavsinh solanki and natwar singh when allegations were made against them while they were external affairs minister.
he said moral and constitutional propriety demands that the prime minister ask swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje to resign.
he also demanded resignation of hrd minister smriti irani who is embroiled in a controversy over her educational qualifications.
on charges made by lalit modi against congress leaders, surjewala said the former ipl chief was trying to divert attention from the congress demand of resignation of swaraj and raje.
the 'chhota modi' is helping 'bada modi'.
he has become the sankatmochak (troubleshooter).
.
.
.
the 'chhota modi' is acting at the instance of someone within the government and the bjp.
.
.
.
these are preposterous allegations.
he is trying to divert attention from the demand of resignation, the spokesperson said, asserting that the congress will not lose focus and will not relent and will not stop.
the congress attack has sharpened at a time when the monsoon session of parliament was just 20 days away and is expected to be a stormy affair if the lalitgate row continued.
other demands by surjewala included release of all correspondence made by the congress-led upa with the uk over the issue of extradition of lalit modi and the letters written by former finance minister p chidambaram to the uk authorities on the issue.
the congress leader said that swaraj should also make a full disclosure of how many times she had telephonic talk with the fugitive, how many times she or any member of her family have met him or have been in touch with e-mail and other communication.
taking a dig at the prime minister, he said that narendra modi, who once spoke of scam-free india was in maunyog (silence) despite the fact that he has promised to the people to provide corruption-free and transparent governance.
offence comes to bjp's defence in parliamentnew delhi: july 21, 2015, dhns: 0:36 istthe bjp adopted the strategy of not giving a long rope to the opposition for disrupting legislative business in both houses of parliament, in a bid to checkmate the congress on the opening day of the monsoon session.
not only did external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj show promptness in facing the opposition in the rajya sabha, but the bjp is also set to rake up scams in congress-ruled states.
after finance minister arun jaitley told the rajya sabha the government was ready for debate a row involving swaraj, she tweeted: i am ready for a debate today itself.
i asked arun jaitley to convey this to rajya sabha (sic).
she followed it with another post, saying: .
.
waiting for oppositions response (sic).
on wednesday, the party is going to take a similar stand before the lower house.
the bjp has decided to bite the bullet and scuttle the opposition's move to rake up the vyapam scam, involving madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara rajes reported attempts to help ipl ex-chief lalit modi get british travel documents, by saying that these are state issues and cannot be debated in parliament.
the party has tasked its mps to raise scams involving the congress chief ministers besides raising robert vadras land-grab issue in parliament.
family awaits bodies of girls who died in russian varsity firemumbai, feb 17, 2016, dhns 0:20 istthe parents and family members of two maharashtra girls, who died in the fire at the fourth floor of the six-floor dormitory of the smolensk state medical university in russia, are waiting for their bodies.
the two victim girls are pooja kallur (22) of navi mumbai and karishma bhosale (20) of pune, and they were hostel roommates.
the smolensk state medical university is located some 400 km away from moscow, where the two girls were studying medicine.
the bodies are expected to arrive in india by tuesday.
poojas father uday bhosale said: we are completely shattered.
we were informed by the college that karishma died in the incident of fire, nothing beyond that, jyoti malusare, the maternal aunt of the pune-based girl said.
the family resides in the parvati area of pune.
karishma completed her schooling from katariya high school in mukund nagar and got admission to smolensk in 2012.
she is survived by her parents and younger brother, karan.
the navi mumbai-based family of pooja also blamed the college.
we need to know what exactly has happened, said a relative.
we have lost two indian girl students (both from maharashtra) studying at smolensk medical academy in russia in a fire accident.
.
.
some students are injured.
they are out of danger.
the place is 400 km from moscow.
our team has already reached there, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on monday night.
pilgrims to get fresh indian food during haj, says ministerbangalore, jun 17, 2014, dhns : 0:43 istmove will bring relief to thousands of muslim womenmuslims going on haj pilgrimage through the haj committee of india (hci) will now get indian food during their stay in the holiest places of islam, minister for haj r roshan baig said here on tuesday.
the move is expected to bring relief to thousands of muslim women who usually cook for their families during the pilgrimage, and carry food grains and other ingredients for the purpose.
some families even carry home-cooked food.
home-cooked foodwomen who go to mecca and medina on haj and stay there for 40-45 days have to carry a lot of home-cooked food.
this is because the food supplied by caterers from other nations like pakistan and saudi arabia is not spicy enough to satiate the indian taste buds, baig told reporters.
this problem has now been solved.
the hci will take indian caterers to the holy cities to cook the food which will be supplied to all the pilgrims travelling through the committee, just the way private tour operators do.
initially, fresh food will be served for seven days to those staying in medina.
from next year onwards, it will be served in mecca as well.
this will meet the requirement of one lakh pilgrims going through the hci this year, of whom 4,977 are from karnataka.
pilgrims will have to pay 7.
5 saudi riyal (rs 120) per meal, which will be rs 240 for two meals.
the meal will consist of two chapatis, 150 gm of rice, curd, pickle, side dish of mutton, chicken or fish.
the breakfast will be served complimentary by the hoteliers, as per the agreement.
baig said the pilgrims going through the hci could not spend much and hence faced the problem.
the hci charges rs 1.
6 lakh per pilgrim while private operators charge rs 4-7 lakh.
he further said a meeting with the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would be held on june 23.
we will request the ministry to increase the quota for haj pilgrims from karnataka.
it has been reduced to about 5,000 this year from 7,000 in 2013, he said.
we will urge the ministry to clamp down on private tour mafia who corner over 30,000 seats.
we want to ensure the quota systems do not disturb the pilgrims.
had the government permitted, 15,000 people could have gone from karnataka last year.
but private companies have not restrictions.
this anomaly should be addressed.
bjp brass admit bsy exit hit party's poll prospectsnew delhi, may 9, 2013 dhns 0:48 istformer chief minister b s yeddyurappas exit from bjp to form his own karnataka janata paksha (kjp), division of votes and internal squabbling have been identified by the top leaders as the reasons for bjps humiliating defeat in karnataka, the only southern state they had held since 2008.
the post-mortem of the assembly election outcome, having got 40 seats - less than half of 110 mlas the bjp had returned in 2008 polls - was done at the party parliamentary board meeting chaired by chief rajnath singh.
gujarat chief minister narendra modi skipped the top decision making bodys meeting which was joined by other senior leaders such as l k advani, mm joshi, venkaiah naidu, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and nitin gadkari.
the party explained that modi, who did not attend any of the meetings linked to karnataka elections, could not make it as he had dental problems.
a senior leader involved with karnataka polls said that the party was worst hit in central karnataka and coastal areas as it managed only three and seven seats, respectively.
but, the bulk of the 40 mlas came from bangalores 28 assembly constituencies where it got about 12 seats, which is five less than the previous polls.
about 12 mlas got elected from mumbai-karnataka region, the leader said.
former party president venkaiah naidu conceded before reporters that, basically, it appears that division of votes has affected us, some leaving us (hinting at yeddyurappa) and media coverage of internal differences among the state leaders have gone against the party.
peoples verdictthe party humbly and politely accepts the verdict of the people.
the party will make a detailed analysis after getting percentage of votes polled and other details, discuss it with state leadership and take corrective steps at the earliest, said the former bjp president on the discussion in the parliamentary board meeting.
he said that former bjp president nitin gadkari along with state in-charge dharmendra pradhan will visit bangalore to oversee the may 14 legislators meeting to elect their leader.
asked if the bjp would lead the opposition in the assembly since the party and janata dal (secular) have got 40 mlas each, he said that it was for the speaker to decide.
there is also a set formula for identifying, which includes vote share of parties, he added.
the result is the worst since 1994 elections when the party had bagged 44 seats.
the bjp leader, however, countered the congress perception that the state election results reflect mood of the nation.
he said it is unfair to draw that inference as state issues and local factors influence voters decision.
he said that he has no problem if the congress credits the results to prime minister manmohan singh, congress president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi.
but, then the discredit for losing other elections should also go to them, he pointed out, recollecting that the same congress leaders had campaigned extensively in gujarat, up, bihar and tamil nadu but could not swing the voters mood.
after being routed in karnataka, the humbled bjp is not clear whether their decision to force former chief minister yeddyurappa out of the party on corruption charges was wiser than taking much delayed action against the tall lingayat leader.
officially, the bjp acknowledged that yeddyurappa, who walked out to form his own kjp, cost the party dear in the polls given the negative fallout of division of lingayat votes that shifted to congress.
but, another section of the leaders believe in what patron l k advani had stated earlier that the party is paying for the mistakes committed for not axing yeddyurappa when corruption charges were levelled against him and other ministers of his cabinet.
the bjp, though, ruled out taking back yeddyurappa and taking action against the leaders in charge of the state on the pretext that the party stands for collective leadership.
sushma swaraj to visit palestine, israel from jan 17-18new delhi, jan 12, 2016, (pti): 18:26 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit israel and palestine on january 17-18 to further build on the goodwill generated by the landmark trip of president pranab mukherjee to the two key west asian nations three months back.
as external affairs minister, it will be swaraj's first visit to west asia, a strategically important region where india is trying to expand its engagement.
palestine will be her first destination where she will hold talks with leadership of the country with an aim to boost bilateral engagement and deepen mutual understanding at the political level.
the visit will also reaffirm india's continued political, diplomatic and developmental support to palestine, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said, adding the trip will further deepen the mutual understanding at the political level and boost bilateral engagement with palestine.
after completing her engagements in palestine on january 17, swaraj will go to israel the same day for a two-day visit during which she will hold discussions with the israeli leadership and review the entire gamut of india-israel relations which is on an upswing.
india is israel's largest buyer of military hardware.
israel has supplied various weapons systems, missiles and unmanned aerial vehicles over the last few years but the transactions have largely remained behind the curtains.
swaraj's visit to israel also assumes significance in view of a possible visit by israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to india later this year.
prime minister narendra modi may also pay a return visit to tel aviv.
pesident pranab mukherjee had visited tel aviv in october last year, becoming the first indian head of state to visit the jewish nation.
india's relations with israel are part of its engagement with the broader west asia region and are independent of its relations with any country in the region, said swarup.
in tel aviv, swaraj will have meetings with president reuven rivlin, prime minister benjamin netanyahu as well as minister of defence moshe ya'alon, minister of national infrastructure yuval steinitz and israeli legislators.
the visit is an important ingredient in the ever-growing relations, friendship and partnership between the two countries, the israeli embassy said in a statement.
the external affairs minister will also interact with the indian community during her visit to the jewish nation.
the visit will augment india's bilateral relations with israel and further strengthen the linkages between the two sides, said the mea spokesperson.
on swaraj's visit to palestine, he said,this is the first visit of external affairs minister to west asia region and palestine is the first destination in the region which in itself reflects the importance india holds for palestine in its engagement with the countries of the region.
india is executing several projects in palestine to improve the living conditions of people and has been active in capacity building by extending scholarships to palestinian students and building schools.
in palestine, swaraj will also inaugurate the palestine digital learning and innovation centre in ramallah.
foreign missions seek lifting cap on cash withdrawalnew delhi, dec 7, 2016, pti: 18:43 istthe dean of the diplomatic corps today asked india to relax the restrictions on withdrawal of money from banks and hoped prime minister narendra modi will intervene as a large number of foreign missions reeled under funds crunch in the wake of demonetisation.
frank hans dannenberg castellanos, ambassador of the dominican republic, said the foreign missions should have access to their funds to meet day-to-day operations and that the rs 50,000 a week cap on withdrawal was inadequate and must be lifted.
in strong comments, he even said some big countries may think of reciprocating in the same way with indian diplomats posted abroad if they continued to face the problem.
big countries can reciprocate (this) to indian diplomats which would not be good for them, he said.
russia, ukraine, kazakhstan and a number of other countries have already approached the government on the issue.
russian ambassador alexander kadakin, in a letter to the government, has already lodged strong protest over the restrictions on cash withdrwal, saying it has severely affected the functioning of his embassy.
we hope the finance ministry and the prime minister himself will do something, castellanos said, adding as dean of the diplomatic corps he was trying his best to impress upon the government to review the decision.
he said citizens of many countries including iran, sudan and cuba, who come in large numbers to india are facing severe problems as they do not have international credit cards due to certain restrictions on banking systems in these countries.
as ambassadors, it is our responsibility to ensure that our nationals visiting india do not face any problem, he said.
castellanos said he had received complaints from a number of foreign missions here about the problems they are facing, adding the external affairs ministry has been apprised of the difficulties.
the dean of diplomatic corp said he has written a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the chief of protocol expressing concern over the restrictions on withdrwal of funds in the wake of the demonetisation drive.
after the demonetisation decision last month, mea had said it has approached the department of economic affairs on the issue and was waiting for a decision by the finance ministry.
lalit modi may face musicnew delhi, june 18, 2015, dhns 1:33 istmurky tale: govt moves fast to dispel charges of favouritismafter staunchly defending external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the government is now planning a crackdown on disgraced ipl former chief lalit modi to redeem its position and shrug off charges of favouritism levelled by the opposition.
the centre is facing a double blow after rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje was also sucked into the controversy on tuesday.
the government is now trying to revive over a dozen cases the enforcement directorate (ed) had registered against modi when he was the ipl commissioner.
modi left the country in 2010 after the bcci imposed a ban and accused him of siphoning money earned through t20 tournaments.
the upa government had revoked modis passport which he got back after a delhi high court order last august.
the ministry of external affairs (mea) is awaiting word from the finance ministry, which controls the ed, for moving the supreme court (sc) against the delhi high court order revoking cancellation of modis passport.
the mea on wednesday maintained that it was up to the ed to decide whether an appeal should be filed in the sc.
sources in the mea said the regional passport office, mumbai, had revoked modis passport in march 2011 on eds request.
with the congress stepping up its offensive against the centre, top bjp leaders conceded that charges against the former ipl commissioner were of a serious nature.
former finance minister p chidambaram convened a press conference in chennai to put pressure on the centre to ensure that modi is brought back to the country to face legal action.
chidambaram had written to the british government not to provide modi with travel papers as it would jeopardise the bilateral relations between the two nations.
the restriction imposed by chidambaram during the upa regime was lifted by sushma.
the congress also demanded rajes resignation over allegations that she had offered secret testimony in 2011 backing modis immigration application to the uk.
rajes problems mounted with fresh reports that modi had invested rs 11.
63 crore in 2008 in a firm owned by her son dushyant singh, who is an mp.
telecom minister ravishankar prasad, however, said: as far as impropriety allegation is concerned, i dont buy that logic.
it was just a case of compassionate intervention for a humanitarian cause.
thats all.
modi's pak visit path-breaking departure from protocol-driven politics: bjpnew delhi, dec 25, 2015, (pti) 16:29 isthailing prime minister narendra modi's surprise decision to stop over at lahore as a path-breaking departure from the protocol-driven politics between india and pakistan, bjp today said there could not be a better day than the birth day of atal bihari vajpayee for this.
bjp general secretary ram madhav said the two neighbours needed to inject informality in their relations, as is the case in many places of the world like the eu and asean.
pm modi's sudden stop over at lahore to greet pakiatan pm nawaz sharif is a much needed departure from protocol-driven politics between the two countries.
like leaders of other nations in the world like the eu, asean and even countries in our neighborhood leaders of india and pakistan too needed to inject informality in their relations.
what better day than the birthday of atalji for this path-breaking departure!
, madhav, who plays an important role in shaping the party's views on external affairs, tweeted.
bjp spokesperson nalin kohli said modi had sent out a message about closer regional cooperation when he had taken the oath of office and his visit should be welcomed.
we had the ufa statement which was focused on our primary concern that is terrorism.
there were hiccups after that.
then we had the bangkok talk.
our foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited pakistan.
if the two countrioes can try to have a positive approach and work out a relationship that brings peace not only between them but to the entire region and therefore to the world, then that is something that should be welcomed, he said.
new delhi, tehran all set to renew tiesnew delhi: august 11, 2015, dhns 0:20 istiranian foreign minister javad zarifs visit this week will see new delhi and tehran discussing ways to renew bilateral economic engagement, with focus on indias new proposals to set up an aluminium smelter plant and a fertilizer unit in the islamic republic.
zarif was tehrans chief negotiator for the recently concluded landmark deal with e3+3 over nuclear programme of iran.
his visit to new delhi on friday is expected to provide yet another opportunity to india to evince its state-owned companies interests in returning to hydrocarbon projects in iran, as the deal clinched last month by tehran and e3+3 (us, russia, china, uk, france and germany) is likely to be followed by lifting of sanctions, officials told deccan herald.
zarif will call on prime minister narendra modi and hold a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he is also likely to have meetings with chemical and fertilizer minister ananth kumar, shipping minister nitin gadkari and minister of state for petroleum dharmendra pradhan.
indias investment in chabahar port in iran and ways for clearing payments for crude oil indian petroleum companies imported from the islamic republic in the past years was under sanctions imposed by the united states and the european union in addition to the ones imposed by united nations.
new delhi never officially endorsed unilateral sanctions imposed on iran, and adhered to only the ones imposed by the united nations.
the curbs enforced by the western powers to put pressure on tehran, however, forced india to cut down its crude oil import, primarily due to hassles in clearing payments.
finance secretary rajiv mehrishi recently led a delegation to tehran to discuss ways to clear $6.
5 billion india would have to pay to iran for crude oil.
earlier, gadkari became the first minister of the modi government to visit iran and his tour saw new delhi inking a memorandum of understanding with tehran, pledging to build a container terminal and a multi-purpose cargo terminal on two berths at the chabahar port.
cong leader sought help for coalgate accused: sushmanew delhi, july 22, 2015, dhns: 2:01 ist'he pressed me for diplomatic passport'buoyed by staunch support from the bjp top brass, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday threatened to reveal the name of a senior congress leader who sought diplomatic passport for santosh bagrodia, an accused in the coal scam.
bagrodia was a minister of state for coal during upa i regime and has been made an accused in one of the firs filed by the cbi.
sushmas revelation through two tweets was seen as an attempt to soften the opposition which is unabashedly demanding her resignation for influencing a british diplomat to help disgraced former ipl commissioner lalit modi obtain travel documents to visit his ailing wife in portugal.
sushma's confidence matched the bjp's aggression as the party prepared its mps to have a tit-for-tat slanging match on corruption by exposing six congress chief ministers reportedly involved in scams.
proceedings in both the houses were washed out on wednesday despite the government agreeing for a discussion on the controversy surrounding the external affairs minister.
inside parliament, the bjp tasked its mps to give notices seeking discussion on scandals faced by congress president sonia gandhis son-in-law robert vadra and its chief ministers in karnataka, kerala, assam and uttarakhand.
outside, the party fielded three ministers to hold press conferences on these issues.
sources close to bagrodia said that the former union minister had applied for a diplomatic passport but found nothing wrong in it.
anyone who has been an mp and whose passport is 10 years old can legally apply for it.
what can a diplomatic passport do anyway - just help skip the queue?
they said.
while the congress president refused to comment, her party stated, there is a world of difference between making a request for an indians passport and helping with a fugitive's passport.
a senior minister confessed that many in the government, including him, came to know about sushmas tweets after the bjp parliamentary party meeting in the morning.
but her tweets became a matter of discussion even in the prime ministers office, since as per their assessment, it lead to an embarrassed congress calling off their agitation inside the parliament complex.
sushma was also given an opportunity to address party mps at the meeting.
shah told party mps, who were given two booklets on saga of scams in congress-ruled states and on vyapam scam, that he has gone through official documents and found nothing against sushmaswaraj , vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan.
amazon expresses regret for 'offending' indian sentimentsnew delhi, jan 12, 2017, pti 21:03 istfollowing a stern message by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over sale of doormats depicting the tricolour, amazon today expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed her about removal of the product from its canadian website.
in a letter to swaraj, vice president and country manager of amazon india amit agarwal said, i am writing in connection with the products that carried the indian flag, as referred to in your tweet.
.
.
amazon india is committed to respecting indian laws and customs.
to the extent that these items offered by a third- party seller in canada offended indian sensibilities, amazon regrets the same.
at no time did we intend or mean to offend indian sentiments.
he also said amazon remains steadfastly committed to india, as evident by ceo jeff bezos' announcement last year of company's plans to invest usd five billion in india.
we value immensely our relationship with the indian government, the country's entrepreneurs and innovators, an most importantly our indian customers and employees, agarwal said.
yesterday, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
the minister had also asked the indian embassy to take up the matter with amazon canada.
after the strong protests, the e-retail giant today removed the offensive article from its canadian website.
in a series of tweets, swaraj had expressed her anger at the sale of such an offensive doormat by amazon, which is seeking a big presence in india.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately.
if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
tweeting agarwal's response to swaraj, the mea spokesperson said, in response to eam @sushmaswaraj's tweet, @amazon writes to her, expresses regret at hurting indian sensibilities, pulls offending item.
in his letter, agarwal also explained that a third-party seller, not amazon, had listed these products for sale in canada.
these products were not available in india.
after learning of the products' listing, we immediately removed them from the canadian website and implemented measures to ensure that these products could not be sold on any of our other marketplaces or websites, he further said.
agarwal also offered to meet swaraj to discuss the issue and amazon's broader relationship with india.
helping lalit modi is legally, morally wrong: bjp mp r k singhnew delhi, jun 23, 2015, (pti) 14:57 istbjp mp r k singh today struck a discordant note over party leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and vasundhara raje extending help to former ipl boss lalit modi, saying any help to a fugitive is legally and morally wrong.
he urged the government to take all measures to bring him back to india to face the law.
singh's strong comments are the first public criticism by a ruling party mp against the help extended to lalit modi by external affairs minister swaraj and rajasthan chief minister raje, an issue which has snowballed into a major political storm for the narendra modi government even though bjp has defended both the leaders.
if anybody helps a 'bhagoda' (fugitive), it is wrong.
this is wrong legally as well as morally.
if anybody meets a fugitive, it is absolutely wrong.
whosoever has helped him, i think it is completely wrong, singh, a former home secretary, told reporters here.
he said lalit modi had been evading judicial warrants and summons and he was clearly a fugitive and any help given to him or any meeting with him was wrong.
he did not name either swaraj or raje.
asked if lalit modi was being saved, singh said the departments concerned should be doing their job.
i have given my view, he said when asked about bjp's defence of both the leaders and added that he would not like to name individuals.
singh said the government should appeal against the delhi high court order which restored the former ipl commissioner's passport and demanded that his property should be attached, if needed.
all measures should be taken to bring him back to india so that he faces the law, he said.
swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping lalit modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league (ipl) became embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
onus on pm for functioning of parliament: congnew delhi, july 26, 2015, pti: 14:12 istaccusing the government of arrogance and obduracy, congress today put the onus on prime minister narendra modi for functioning of parliament after a near washout of monsoon session's first week with opposition adamant on resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two bjp chief ministers.
culpability and gross abuse of office in helping lalit modi, the indian fugitive, by both swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are evident.
their explanations are weak-kneed and meaningless in view of proven criminality.
onus now lies upon the pm to take action by placing smooth functioning of parliament above the parochial interests of the bjp.
therein lies the test of his leadership and lofty promises on which he rode to power, party spokesperson randip surjewala said.
parliament has witnessed a washout since the monsoon session began on july 21 with congress-led opposition aggressively pressing for ouster of swaraj, raje, as also madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, rejecting the government's offer for a debate.
asking the government to listen to the opposition demand for fixing accountability on swaraj for gross impropriety and abuse of office, former union minister anand sharma attacked the government for stonewalling the justified demand of accountability by opposition in parliament.
holding that parliament can start functioning immediately after the prime minister invokes established set of standards and procedure in the matter, sharma said, there cannot be different set of rules for the bjp government.
parliament could not function in the first week because of arrogance and obduracy of the pm.
he said that apart from swaraj, action must happen against the rajasthan chief minister.
equally important is that the prime minister takes cognizance of the vyapam scam which cannot be termed as a state issue as students as well as residents of many states of india are among those who have died under suspicious circumstances, sharma said.
he said that the opposition wants parliament to function, to deliberate on many issues which concern the people and rued that it is not right on the part of the government that senior leaders of the treasury benches heckling leaders of the opposition and disrupting proceedings.
thus the blame of non-functioning of parliament lies at their doorstep, he said.
modi, sadananda in team rajnathnew delhi, mar 31, 2013 dhns 8:25 istamit shah in; jaswant, yashwant outthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) on sunday inducted narendra modi into the central parliamentary board, the partys highest decision-making body.
it indicates that the gujarat chief minister is set to play a big role in party affairs in the run-up to lok sabha elections.
modi will fill the vacancy created by the death of bjp ideologue bal apte in july last year.
the gujarat chief minister was also made a member of the central election committee that will set the bjps strategy for the upcoming state assembly elections.
with an eye on the karnataka assembly elections, former chief minister d v sadananda gowda was appointed vice-president, while govind karjol and prabhakar kore were inducted into the 80-member national executive committee.
gowda was a permanent invitee to the national executive during his tenure as the chief minister.
gowda is an arch rival of b s yeddyurappa, who went on to float the karnataka janata paksha (kjp) in november last year following differences with party leaders.
modis induction into the parliamentary board was learnt to be orchestrated by party president rajnath singh.
interestingly, singh played a key role in removing modi from the board about six years ago.
bjp veteran l k advani wanted madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan in the partys highest decision-making body.
chouhan eventually made it to the list of permanent invitee chief ministers in the national executive.
modi was the only bjp leader inducted into the board headed by rajnath singh.
a b vajpayee, advani, murli manohar joshi, m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar, thawar chand gehlot and ram lal were the other members.
singhs new team includes 12 vice-presidents, 10 general secretaries, 15 secretaries and seven spokespersons.
a five-member central disciplinary committee was also constituted.
modis growing influence within the party was apparent as singhs new team featured former gujarat home minister amit shah, who is facing murder charges in cases of fake encounters.
shah was made the partys general secretary.
rajya sabha member smriti irani, considered to be close to modi, was made vice-president.
the bjp also brought its hindutva face uma bharti back.
she was appointed vice-president.
pilibhit mp varun gandhi was made general secretary since several leaders considered him fit to counter congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
ravi shankar prasad was stripped of his posts of the partys general secretary and chief spokesperson.
he will continue as the partys deputy leader in the rajya sabha.
rajiv pratap rudy was elevated to the post of general secretary.
the bjp presidents political adviser sudanshu trivedi was designated spokesperson.
poonam mahajan, daughter of the late pramod mahajan, was made secretary.
veteran bjp leaders jaswant singh and yashwant sinha did not figure in singhs core team, but were part of the partys national executive committee.
in a party like the bjp, it is more important to be a party worker than hold a post.
i am happy being a party worker and also an mp.
i have a lot of responsibility towards my party and constituency, sinha said.
the congress refused to make any specific comment on the reshuffle, but said the karnataka assembly elections in may would be the first test for the partys new team.
this is the bjps internal matter and i wont comment on it, said congress spokesperson rashid alvi.
india assures full support to quake-hit nepalkathmandu, jun 24, 2015, pti: 20:59 istindia today assured full support to quake-battered nepal, saying it stands shoulder-to-shoulder with the country in its massive reconstruction efforts.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed india's unstinted support to the himalayan nation when she called on nepal prime minister sushil koirala here on the first day of her two-day visit.
swaraj is here to attend an international donors' conference where she is likely to announce a major financial package by india for reconstruction of the quake-hit nation.
the external affairs minister conveyed to the nepalese prime minister that india stands shoulder-to-shoulder with nepal and offered all possible assistance in its reconstruction activities, spokesperson in the external affairs ministry vikas swarup told pti.
he said swaraj conveyed to koirala that prime minister narendra modi is committed to offer full support to nepal and that india will provide whatever the quake-ravaged nation needs.
the international conference on nepal's reconstruction (icnr) has been organised by the nepalese government to raise funds for carrying out rebuilding of areas devastated by the massive earthquake of april 25 which claimed nearly 9,000 lives.
koirala had this month called up modi to invite him for the conference.
however, modi decided to nominate swaraj for the icnr.
at least 35 countries are expected to attend the conference to be held in kathmandu tomorrow.
a report on post-disaster needs assessment will be presented at the conclave specifying the country's requirement for financial and technical support from donor countries and international aid agencies.
ahead of the meet, koirala had said that there has been a big gap between what nepal was able to do and what needs to be done.
he said nepal's resources alone are not enough to meet the unforeseen and pressing challenges and called upon international community to help the country.
india had responded promptly after the quake struck nepal in april, dispatching a large number of rescue teams, doctors and disaster relief experts.
the indian air force and army had also deployed helicopters and transport aircraft for rescue efforts and to reach relief.
the powerful earthquake killed nearly 9,000 people, injured 23,000 people and damaged more than 500,000 buildings leaving hundreds of thousands of people jobless.
new delhi, feb 2, 2016, dhns 0:50 istwill extend support to build peaceful country: pmindia on monday announced 92 new small development projects across afghanistan, undeterred by repeated terror attacks on its diplomatic missions in the war-ravaged country.
new delhi made public its decision to continue implementing small development projects across afghanistan on a day it played host to abdullah abdullah, chief executive officer and head of the council of the ministers of the afghan government.
prime minister narendra modi conveyed to chief executive of the afghanistan government that india would continue to extend all possible support to the efforts of afghans to build a peaceful, stable, prosperous, inclusive and democratic country.
abdullah, who had a meeting with the prime minister here on monday, appreciated the support being extended by india for infrastructure development and capacity building in afghanistan.
he also briefed modi about the peace process with taliban.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also called on the afghan chief executive officer when she conveyed to him the indias approval of third phase of 92 small development projects in afghanistan, with an estimated cost of $16 million.
the indian government had in november 2012 approved the third phase of the small development projects in afghanistan, with a total outlay of $ 100 million.
indias small development projects in afghanistan was a special programme to foster community-based, in vulnerable border areas, in the fields of agriculture, rural development, education, health and vocational training that can have direct and visible impact on community life, and with focus on local ownership and management.
indias small development projects are very popular in afghanistan and the two phases have been implemented so far  the first in july 2006 comprising projects worth $11,216,179 and the second in june 2008 comprising projects worth $8,579,537.
abdullahs was the first high-level visit from kabul to new delhi after january 3-4 terror attack on the consulate general of india at mazar-e-sharif in northern afghanistan.
guns fall silent at pathankot air base; search op still onpathankot, jan 5, 2016, (pti) 10:30 istguns fell silent this morning at the air base here even as the operation against terrorists entered its fourth day with security personnel engaged in search and combing operations to sanitise the installation.
defence sources said that the firing at the air force base in punjab ceased this morning after the attack that began in the wee hours on saturday.
however, search and combing operations are on to ensure that the defence installation is properly secured and sanitised, they added.
security forces had yesterday killed two more pakistani terrorists inside the pathankot air base with the government saying that six attackers had thus been neutralised.
however, it was not clear whether all the intruders who attacked the base have been eliminated.
following a meeting of the national security council chaired by prime minister narendra modi, finance minister arun jaitley had said that the bodies of four terrorists have been recovered and those of the remaining two would be found.
the number of intruders had been put at six by officials and the figures given by jaitley implied that all of them have been eliminated.
however, none in the government was prepared to say yesterday that no more terrorists were inside the base or that the operation was over.
combing and search operations will continue till we are able to fully render the base safe, nsg ig maj gen dushant singh had said.
jaitley, who had attended the nsc meeting along with senior cabinet colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and manohar parrikar, had said that all the assets at the base were safe.
security forces were able to confine the terrorists to the point at which they had intruded and held them at a reasonable distance from where the assets were located, the senior minister had added.
meanwhile, in the wake of the pathankot attack as well as the strike on the indian consulate in mazar-e-sharif in afghanistan, both probably originating in pakistan, indications were that next week's scheduled visit by foreign secretary jaishankar to islamabad for talks will be put off.
it is likely that the national security advisors of the two countries may have an urgent meeting in the next few days after which a call would be taken on the foreign secretary- level talks.
cong to take on govt in par on n-deal issue; to seek detailsnew delhi, jan 28, 2015 (pti) 16:37 istcongress will take on the government in parliament on the indo-us nuclear deal during the budget session and will demand details of the assurances given by it for resolving the seven-year-old logjam.
the party noted that the government has kept all the details of assurances given to the us side vague and just announced the resolution of the deadlock during us president barack obama's visit here.
the party at the same time made it clear that it was not opposing the finalisation of the agreement as the indo-us nuclear deal was scripted by the upa, which the bjp then opposed but finally adopted.
government must inform parliament about the assurances on the commercial component of the agreement it reached, the financial liability clause and the compensation part.
we do not have the fine print of the assurances given as yet.
they have kept it vague so far.
government has not shared the details and it must place them before parliament, deputy leader of congress in rajya sabha anand sharma told pti.
sharma at the same time said that his party was not opposing the agreement as such as the indo-us nuclear deal was upa's baby.
india and the us reached an understanding on resolving the logjam in implementing the landmark civil nuclear deal on january 25, which was announced jointly by prime minister narendra modi and the us president obama here.
they reached the breakthrough on the stalled civil nuclear agreement by agreeing on commercial cooperation.
congress has so far reacted cautiously to the development, saying it would have to see the fine print on whether modi has addressed issues raised by the us within india's legal framework and sought details as to how the difficulties were overcome.
congress members will raise the issue in both houses when the budget session begins on february 23 and will ask the government to inform parliament of the assurances that have been given, some party functionaries indicated, adding the issue could be raised during the debate on president's motion in the house on february 24 and 25.
meanwhile, another senior party leader said the party will examine whether the assurances given by modi government will require amendments in the deal signed earlier or were in consonance with india's stand.
government will have to make a statement on obama visit.
we will see whether the statement is made by prime minister modi or external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
new delhi, aug 6, 2015, pti: 18:15 istunder attack, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today made an emotional statement in the lok sabha, saying she had not helped lalit modi but her cancer-stricken wife and questioned if sonia gandhi would have acted differently if faced with such a situation.
she insisted that she had made no request or recommendation to the uk government for giving travel documents to lalit modi but had left the decision to britain.
swaraj, whose ouster is being demanded vigorously by the opposition leading to a deadlock in parliament, made a statement with a preface in which she regretted that her friends in the opposition had been targeting her and not even ready to listen to her version on the issue.
she said she had been waiting all the while since the monsoon session began on july 21 to make a statement and a discussion to clarify her position as baseless and untrue allegations were being levelled against her and disinformation is being carried out in the media repeatedly.
amid thumping of benches by the ruling party members and in the absence of boycotting members of congress and several opposition parties, she said, i challenge those making accusations against me to produce even one document, one chit or an e-mail to back their allegations.
she said she had only told the british government that relations with that country will not be affected if they choose to provide him travel documents to visit portugal to be with his wife who was facing life threatening ailment and required immediate treatment which was full of risk.
his wife has been suffering from cancer for the last 17 years and it is the 10th time it has recurred.
.
.
i want to ask what sonia gandhi would have done had she been in my place.
would she have left her to die, she said, reading from the reports of portugese doctors and the statement of modi's wife.
if helping a woman like modi's wife was a crime, then i admit in this house that i have committed this crime.
let parliament give any punishment it deems fit, the external affairs minister.
people are asking how i did it, why i did it but first tell me what did i do?
did i offer him (lalit modi) any pecuniary benefits?
did i help him escape from india?
did i help him get travel documents?
i left it to the uk government.
.
.
the message i gave to them was purely on humanitarian ground, she said.
to justify her point, swaraj refered to a media report which had quoted the british home department's statement saying the decision to give travel documents to lalit modi was determined in accordance with appropriate rules.
she underlined that the british home department had not said that the travel documents to lalit modi were given at the behest of indian foreign minister or indian government.
after this, the matter should have become a non-issue but the controversy raged on, she said.
referring to empty opposition benches, she said she was not making the statement by trying to make use of their absence but was only requesting for a debate on the issue as she had been waiting for it for so long and the monsoon session was about to come to an end.
she hoped that a debate would begin next week when the suspension of the congress ends.
turning philosphical, she quoted scriptures to say that her stars may be crossed as opposition members who used to shower affection on her had been criticising her bitterly and even demanding her resignation.
life and death, fame and dishonour are in the hands of divnity, she said quoting a holy book and hoped that the faith of opposition members in her and their affection will return.
'talks with pak still possible'new delhi, sep 8, 2014, dhns : 3:06 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday did not rule out the possibility of an early thaw in the frosty india-pakistan ties, even as she blamed islamabad for derailing new delhis recent effort to restart bilateral diplomatic engagement.
there is no full stop in diplomacy.
there are only commas and semicolons.
she also did not rule out the possibility of a meeting between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart m nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly meeting in new york towards the end of this month.
the external affairs minister even dropped hints about indias willingness for an early meeting between director general (military operations), lt gen p r kumar, and his pakistani counterpart major general sarfraz chaudhary, to discuss the recent spurt in ceasefire violations along the line of control and the undisputed stretches of the border.
the modi government had last month called off talks between the two countries, which would have restarted the one-and-a-half-year-long hiatus in bilateral dialogue, to protest against pakistans move to seek the views of the leaders of the hurriyat conference and other separatist organisations of kashmir just before its parleys with india.
islamabads envoy to new delhi, abdul basit, invited the separatist leaders to the high commission of pakistan here for consultations on august 18 and 19, just days before foreign secretary sujatha singh was scheduled to travel to the neighbouring country to meet aizaz ahmad chaudhry, her counterpart there.
i do not know why their high commissioner invited the kashmiri separatists and talked to them.
why did they (pakistan) derail the talks (with india)?
what did they achieve?
who derailed the initiative?
swaraj justified new delhis decision to call off the august 25 talks.
is it too much to expect that pakistan does not meddle in india's internal affairs?
she asked.
swaraj also expressed disappointment over the pakistan governments failure to speed up the hitherto tardy trial of seven lashkar-e-toiba operatives accused of plotting the november 26-28, 2008, terrorist attacks in mumbai.
the trial, at an anti-terrorism court in pakistan, has been repeatedly adjourned over the past several weeks.
pakistan of late raked up the issue of the 2007 delhi-lahore samjhauta express blast, asking india to keep it posted about progress of the trial of its seven plotters and perpetrators.
she also expressed disappointment over sharifs failure to deliver on the promises he had made when he came to new delhi to attend the modi government's swearing-in ceremony on may 26.
whenever we talk, we will talk with the government of pakistan, not with the (pakistani) army or the isi, she told the journalists.
chennai, aug 9, 2015 (pti) 16:18 istunion minister m venkaiah naidu today lashed out at congress for disrupting parliament and expressed the hope that the party understands its responsibility and comes to the house to discuss issues.
eight more important bills are there, four bills were already passed in lok sabha.
i hope congress understands its responsibility.
let us see what is going to happen (tomorrow).
i want monday to be monday and i don't want monday to be a sunday, he told reporters here.
i have told them (congress party) that please come to the house.
let there be discussion.
even the suspension of congress mps could be revoked.
but there was no response.
even now if there is a meaningful suggestion, the government is willing to consider the suggestion, naidu said.
noting that it was the duty of the government and the opposition to run parliament jointly, he said, they don't want the government to succeed.
we want both lok sabha and rajya sabha to function at least for coming four days, since (only) four days are left (for the monsoon session to end).
yesterday, congress threw the ball in the government's court on the issue of smooth functioning of parliament which largely remained paralysed over lalit modi and vyapam issues, saying if it was interested in its running, then it will reach out to the opposition.
congress spokesman rpn singh had said in delhi that if the bjp government was interested in running parliament, then it will reach out to the opposition which has been agitating for the cause of people and raising the issue of corruption.
on the lalit modi issue, naidu wanted to know why he was allowed to go out of india in the first place.
.
.
.
who was in the government?
why no action was taken against lalit modi.
who was in the government.
.
.
?
no answer.
lashing out at congress, he said, while in power, they pushed india backward, now in opposition they do not want india to move forward.
congress has been protesting against the suspension of 25 mps in lok sabha and demanding resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two chief ministers over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam.
the monsoon session is concluding on august 13.
pm to hold talks with hasina in dhaka on saturdaynew delhi, june 4, 2015, (pti) 21:26 istahead of his two-day maiden visit to bangladesh, prime minister narendra modi today said he was looking forward to it with a great sense of enthusiasm and delight as the two sides readied a host of pacts to be signed including one on enhancing connectivity.
the prime minister, who will arrive in dhaka on saturday morning, will have a tight schedule as besides holding detailed talks with his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina, he will attend several programmes and pay a visit to the memorial of the 1971 liberation war.
it is with a great sense of enthusiasm and delight that i visit a nation with which india's ties have been very strong, modi said in a statement.
lauding role of prime minister hasina for playing an important role for making the bilateral ties strong, modi said, i am certain my visit will be beneficial for the people of both our nations and in the larger good of the south asian neighbourhood.
referring to parliament approving a constitution amendment bill that provides for implementation of the 1974 land boundary agreement(lba) between the two neighbours, modi said it marked a watershed moment in india's ties with bangladesh.
a few weeks ago, the indian parliament unanimously approved a constitution amendment bill to give full effect to our land boundary agreement of 1974 with bangladesh and the related 2011 protocol.
i must highlight the support of political parties as well as cms of various states that led to the smooth passage of this amendment bill.
the ratification marks a watershed moment in our ties with bangladesh, he said.
modi said a number of agreements will be signed during his visit and he will join a programme to unveil plaques for various grant-in-aid projects.
at the prime minister's office, plaques of railway, cultural and road projects will be unveiled.
similarly, plaques for various development projects will be unveiled at the new chancery.
i will pay tributes to martyrs of the 1971 liberation war at the national martyrs' memorial.
i am eager to visit bangabandhu national museum and pay tributes to the great sheikh mujibur rahman, a friend of india and a pillar of strength and democracy in the south asian region, said modi.
modi said he will also receive the award of liberation war honour on behalf of former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee.
it will be my privilege to receive the award of liberation war honour on behalf of atal ji.
atal ji, as foreign minister and as pm, placed great emphasis on strong ties with bangladesh and had visited bangladesh in 1999, the prime minister said.
modi said he along with hasina and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee are set to flag-off the bus service between kolkata and agartala via dhaka and the dhaka-shillong- guwahati bus service.
further, to promote greater people-to-people ties and connectivity, i, along with pm hasina and west bengal cm mamata banerjee, will flag off bus services on kolkata-dhaka- agartala and dhaka-shillong-guwahati routes.
i will be visiting the ramakrishna mission in dhaka.
it was founded by devotees of the belur math in 1899.
i will also visit the famous dhakeshwari temple in dhaka, he said.
the teesta deal was set to be inked during the then prime minister manmohan singh's visit to bangladesh in september 2011 but was postponed at the last minute due to objections by banerjee, who had also dropped out of the prime ministerial delegation.
so far aadhar cards have been given to those indians who live in india.
it is not for non-resident indians.
but you will be happy to know that the prime minister wants the card to be given to the nris the way it is issued to people living in india, she said, calling upon the indian diaspora to join make in india, skill india and digital india campaign launched by the narendra modi government.
the person of indian origin or pio cards were issued to expatriate indians or their descendants only up to fourth generation.
the centre had in 2014 discontinued issuing the pio cards and decided to issue only oci cards to all.
a foreign national can get an oci card if he or she was eligible to become citizen of india on january 26, 1950, or was a citizen of india on or at any time after january 26, 1950, or belonged to a territory that became part of india after august 15, 1947.
the son or daughter or grandson or grand-daughter of such a foreign national can also get a oci card provided his or her country of citizenship allows dual citizenship in some form or other under the local laws.
the minor children of such person are also eligible for oci cards.
a person, however, will not be eligible to get a oci card if he or she ever had been a citizen of pakistan or bangladesh.
after the discontinuation of the pio scheme and its merger with oci scheme, a person is eligible to get a oci card if he or she at any time had held an indian passport or he or she or either of his or her parents or grandparents was born in or was permanent resident in india, as defined in the government of india act, 1935, and other territories that became part of india thereafter.
the government was considering a proposal to expand the ocis eligibility criteria to entitle the descendants up to fifth or sixth generation of the expatriates to get the benefit.
new delhi: sep 20 , 2015, dhns 1:33 istahead of prime minister narendra modis visit to the united states next week, washington has indicated that it expected him to simplify tax code and tighten intellectual property right protection regime to make doing business in india easier.
washington also indicated that it wanted new delhi to move fast to ink a bilateral investment treaty (bit), which would demonstrate to international investors  especially those from the united states  that india is open for business.
for india to achieve its goal of sustainable growth and development, it must assure global markets and international investors that it is open for business, nisha desai biswal, us assistant secretary of state of bureau of south and central asian affairs, said in washington.
her comment came just ahead of india-america strategic and commercial dialogue in washington dc and modis visit to san francisco.
noting that modi government had made some progress in making it easier for foreign companies to do business, she acknowledged that pursuing big reforms could be difficult in vibrant democracies.
biswal, however, said that modi government could in the meantime send some signals to show its commitment to reform, such as strengthening intellectual property rights.
she also said that a high-standard bit between washington and new delhi would lock-in reforms for the long-term and would give investors from the us the confidence they needed to make long-term investments in india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her american counterpart secretary of state john kerry will co-chair the strategic and commercial dialogue on tuesday.
swaraj and kerry will also be joined by minister of state (independent charge) nirmala sitharaman and her counterpart us secretary of commerce penny pritzker.
modi will travel to new york on wednesday and he will address the un sustainable development summit.
he will then travel to san francisco and visit the silicon valley before returning to new york, where he might meet us president barack obama.
efforts to simplify its tax code and increase the ease of doing business will pay huge dividends for indias citizens and its global economic stature, biswal said at an event to mark the release of a report by the peterson institute for international economics on thursday.
the report titled indias rise: a strategy for trade-led growth argued that india could increase its exports by $500 billion per year by joining the next stage of the trans-pacific partnership (tpp) trade agreement.
it warned that while trade liberalisation would enable india to increase its annual economic growth to 8 to 10 percent, it would lose as much as $50 billion of current exports if it remained outside the new global trade network.
thiruvananthapuram, oct 14, 2016 (pti) 18:51 istin the worst crisis faced by the 142-day-old pinarayi vijayan government in kerala, a key cabinet member and industries minister e p jayarajan resigned today in the wake of the raging row over appointment of his nephew to a key post in a state psu.
the decision to permit jayarajan, a central committee member, to resign was taken at the nearly two-and-a-half hour long state secretariat meeting here this morning in the presence of cpi(m) state secretary kodiyeri balakrishan and chief minister pinarayi vijayan.
over the past few days government has been under attack from opposition congress-led udf and bjp over appointments of jayarajan's close relatives on key posts in public sector units.
jayarajan, considered number two in cabinet and close to chief minister vijayan, had appointed his nephew p k sudheer, son of p k sremathi, party mp from kannur and another central committee member and deepthi nishad, daughter-in law of his brother as managing director and general manager respectively.
his continuation as minister became untenable as a majority of state secretariat members voiced concern over the development as the issue could dent the image of the ldf government, which had come to power promising a transparent and corruption free governance.
announcing the secretariat's decision, balakrishnan told reporters that jayarajan had wanted to resign touphold the party's image and set an exemplary model in contrast to the previous congress-led udf government.
cpi(m) is against any illegal appointments.
however, the party does not think that being a relative of a leader is a disqualification to get a job in government service, he said.
putting up a brave face, he also attacked congress-led udf and bjp government at the centre, alleging that their ministers were involved in controversies, but none of them had resigned.
pointing out that despite being dogged by controversies, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundara raje scindia had not resigned, balakrishan said the bjp had in fact 'protected' them.
attacking the udf,he said the front had amended a law to appoint relatives of ministers.
the present decision of cpi(m) is to make clear that our stand is different from that of udf and bjp.
asked if the controversy had dented the government's image, he said: do you think the pinarayi government's image will be dented with an appointment controversy?
cpi(m) was of the opinion that alleged irregularities in appointments during the term of the previous udf government should also be investigated, he said.
meanwhile, chief minister pinarayi vijayan said he had received jayarajan's resignation letter.
asserting that the bjp had come to power in the general elections with a broad vision for the country, swaraj voiced confidence that her party will emerge victorious in the assam assembly polls too.
on the vexed illegal foreigners' problem in assam, the minister said, the centre is seized of the matter.
the issue will be solved keeping the interest of all sections of people.
on the demand in the barak valley for a passport office in cachar district, she said the central government was examining the demand and the passport office may be set up in silchar.
the passport office, guwahati caters to six of the north eastern states of assam, arunachal pradesh, manipur, meghalaya, mizoram and nagaland.
the senior bjp leader exhorted her party workers to tell the people about the development works undertaken by modi government.
swaraj charged tarun gogoi with failing to bring all round development to assam.
the whole of the north east region, particularly assam, has been lagging behind the rest of the country, she said.
swaraj wondered what kind of development former prime minister manmohan singh brought to assam which he has been representing in parliament for nearly 24 years, ten years of that phase being as prime minister.
singh is a rajya sabha mp from assam.
session 2015 among 'least productive'new delhi: august 14, 2015, dhns 0:50 istafter the most productive budget session, parliament witnessed one of the least productive sessions in the past 15 years with both houses losing around 75 per cent of its allocated time for business.
according to prs legislative research, rajya sabha witnessed the second least productive session in the past 15 years, the worst being winter session 2010, with only two per cent of listed questions being answered orally and only one per cent of its productive time spent on legislative business.
the figures from rajya sabha secretariat showed around 82 hours were lost due to disruption while business could be conducted for only nine hours.
lok sabha secretariat said the lower house lost 47 hours while it managed to conduct business for around 34 hours.
the issues that agitated the upper house mps included alleged involvement of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the lalitgate issue, vyapam scam, non-implementation of special status for andhra pradesh, the suspension of congress mps in lok sabha, naga peace accord and appointment of bihar governor without consulting the state government, the rajya sabha secretariat said.
the decline in productivity is in sharp contrast to budget session 2015, which was the most productive session in the last 15 years, the prs report said.
during budget session, rajya sabha had a productivity of 101 per cent.
this time, both the houses did not function in the first two weeks of the monsoon session.
however, lok sabha began functioning midway through the session and reached a productivity level of 48 per cent by the end of the session.
while only two per cent of questions were answered orally in rajya sabha, 13 per cent were answered in lok sabha.
previously, question hour has been a washout in rajya sabha during winter sessions 2010 and 2013.
only one per cent of its productive time was spent on legislative business in rajya sabha.
the rajya sabha did not pass any bill in this session.
the time taken to introduce six private member bills accounts for its time on legislative business.
in comparison, lok sabha spent 17 per cent of its productive time on legislative business, and 45 per cent on non-legislative business, the prs report said.
new delhi, dec 14, 2015, (pti): 12:39 istindia today expressed hope that re-engaging with pakistan under a 'comprehensive bilateral dialogue' will mark beginning of peace and development as continued estrangement was a hurdle to peace and prosperity in the region.
making a suo motu statement in rajya sabha on her last week's visit of islamabad and recent developments relating to ties between the two neighbours, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said prime minister narendra modi had discussed with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the environment conference in paris again re-engaging with each other.
the underlying sentiment, on which i am confident that this house concurs fully, was that the continued estrangement of two neighbours was a hurdle to the realisation of our shared vision of a peaceful and prosperous region, she said.
at the same time, there was also a sharp awareness that principal obstacles to the growth of ties, especially terrorism, would have to be clearly and directly addressed.
she read out her statement as members of several opposition parties were in the well vociferously raising slogans on several issues.
also, it aims at exploring and establishing cooperative ties, she said, adding initiatives on trade and connectivity, people-to-people exchanges and humanitarian issues would contribute to welfare of the entire region and promote better understanding and mutual trust.
the new dialogue, we sincerely hope, marks a new beginning also for peace and development in the whole region, she said.
following modi-sharif meeting on november 30, it was decided that the two sides should hold the nsa-level meeting.
the two nsas focussed on peace and security, terrorism, tranquility along the line of control and jammu and kashmir - the state which has been most directly impacted by terrorism and violation of loc, she said, adding her visit to islamabad came on the back of these constructive talks.
there we dwelt on the need for pakistan to expedite the mumbai terrorist attacks trial.
the indian side was assured of the steps being taken to expedite its early conclusion, she said.
following this, it was decided to begin a dialogue with pakistan under the new title 'comprehensive bilateral dialogue' and foreign secretaries have been tasked to work out modalities and schedule of the meetings under the new dialogue, she said.
i would like to assure the house that this government accords the highest priority to the country's security.
in order to meet any threats in this regard, the government will take all steps, including through diplomatic channels, she said.
the government, she said, was committed to building an environment of peaceful and cooperative relations with all our neighbours, including pakistan, so that the efforts for peace and development in south asia, initiated by the government on the day of assuming office itself, are taken further forward.
the conference provided to us an important opportunity on a vital regional platform for political constultations and regional cooperation to reiterate india's commitment to afghanistan's stability and development and our faith in its future, she said.
the process, she said, brought together friends of afghanistan from its immediate and extended neighbourhood as well as supporting countries and international organisations to promote political consultations and regional cooperation for a united, democractic, independent, strong and prosperous afghanistan.
my visit to islamabad underlined india's strong commitment to that cause, she said, adding new delhi at the conference sought full and direct transit for afghanistan through pakistan.
in the context of relations between india and pakistan, i advocated working together for peace and development in south asia, with self-confidence and maturity, she said.
this decision of the government follows the recent developments and engagements between the two countries, especially the constructive discussions between their national security advisors in bangkok on december 6, 2015.
the meeting of the nsas resulted from discussion between our prime minister narendra modi and prime miniter nawaz sharif in paris on november 30, she said.
the minister said prime minister of pakistan was invited in may 2014, among other saarc leaders, by modi to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the new government.
this was a demonstration of our commitment to good neighbourly ties with pakistan, in line with our vision for peace and development in the region through deeper regional integration in south asia, she said.
in their first meeting, india's views on ties between the countries and its concerns on terrorism and violence were conveyed to the pakistani authorities.
the meetings as decided between the two sides in may 2014, however, did not take place, she said.
they condemned terrorism in all its forms and agreed to cooperate with each other to eliminate this menance from south asia.
at the ufa meeting, they decided on a meeting of the nsas to discuss all issues connected to terrorism.
they also stated that the two nations were prepared to discuss all outstanding issues.
during the ufa meeting, pm was extended an invitation by prime minister nawaz sharif to visit islambad for attending the saarc summit in 2016, she said, without saying if modi will visit pakistan.
against this backdrop, when modi and sharif met during the cop-21 summit in paris on november 30, there was a discussion on how the two countries could build an atmosphere conducive for again re-engaging with each other, she said.
nepal's maoist supremo prachanda to visit indiakathmandu, jul 5,2015, (pti): 20:06 istnepal's maoist chief prachanda is set to visit india next week at the invitation of the indian government as the himalayan nation moves closer to finalising a constitution that could end years of political bickering.
unified communist party of nepal (maoist) chairman pushpa kamal dahal, also known as 'prachanda', will visit india from july 14 to 18 at the invitation from the government of india, party sources told pti.
however, the details of the visit and his programme in india are yet to be made public.
the 60-year-old maoist supremo's visit to indian comes at a time when the country is about to finalise a new constitution after years of political bickering and deadlock over contentious issues.
prachanda's visit also assumes significance with his stance towards india softening in recent years.
he had earlier frequently engaged in bitter attacks on india and accused new delhi of interfering in nepal's affairs and dictating to its leadership.
four major political parties -- nepali congress, cpn-uml, ucpn-maoist and madhesi peoples forum democratic -- that command 90 per cent majority in the 601-member constituent assembly have reached a 16-point deal to settle contentious issues of constitution-drafting.
the first draft of the constitution was presented at the constituent assembly last week and discussions over it are ongoing.
the draft constitution will then be published in the nepal gazette which will be discussed by the people before its promulgation.
however, some madhesi parties and fringe parties are opposing the process, saying the proposed constitution has failed to address their issues.
on friday, top leaders of madhesi parties met indian ambassador to nepal ranjit rae and discussed various issues, including constitution-drafting.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was here last month for the international donors conference, had met the entire spectrum of nepalese leadership, including prachanda.
she had encouraged the leaders to finalise the long- pending drafting of the constitution at the earliest to take the country on a new path of development.
sujatha singh seeks early retirementanirban bhaumik, new delhi, jan 30, 2015, dhns: 6:56 istsujatha singh, who was shunted out from the foreign secretarys office, claimed that she had asked for early retirement from government service.
while individuals can and do play a critical role in building institutions, i believe that no individual is larger than the institution, singh, who was replaced by s jaishankar as the foreign secretary, wrote in a letter to the officers and other staff of the ministry of external affairs.
the senior diplomat also wrote in the same letter that she had sought early retirement from government service.
external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, however, posted on twitter that she had briefed her about the government decision to remove her from the top office of the mea.
since jaishankar was retiring on january 31, we had to issue orders of his appointment before that date, swaraj posted on twitter on thursday.
then i spoke to sujatha singh personally.
i told her that the government wanted to appoint jaishankar as foreign secretary, tweeted the external affairs minister.
the letter is dated january 28, 2015, although it is not clear whether she wrote it before or after the government on wednesday decided to curtail her two-year term in the office of the foreign secretary by eight months and replace her with jaishankar, who was indias envoy to the us.
it can never be about individuals.
it has to be about institutions and how institutions interface and coordinate with each other, said singh, who took over as foreign secretary in august 2013 after the then erstwhile united progressive alliance government appointed her to the top office of the ministry of external affairs.
as her 38-year-long diplomatic career ended in an unceremonious exit from the foreign secretarys office, singh wrote: i believe that the foreign secretary, as head of this service and the senior-most civil servant in the ministry, plays a critical role in being the main point of interface with the political leadership, in giving objective advice that takes into account india's foreign policy interests over all connected and interlinked aspects.
singh served as indias high commissioner to australia and ambassador to germany before being appointed as fhe foreign secretary in 2013  succeeding ranjan mathai on the completion of his two-year term.
a meeting of the appointment committee of the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi on wednesday, however, decided to curtail her term by about eight months.
modis predecessor manmohan singh was understood to be keen to appoint jaishankar, a 1977 batch officer of the indian foreign service, as the foreign secretary in 2013.
but singh, who joined the ifs in 1976, and a few other serving mea officials, who were senior to jaishankar, threatened to resign in protest.
congress president sonia gandhi and other prominent leaders of the party, however, prevailed over the prime ministers office and advised it to go by the seniority.
afghanistan renews request for defence hardwareanirban bhaumik, new delhi, nov 25, 2015, dhns: 1:17 istsignals ghani's willingness to reverse his policy on indiaafghanistan has renewed a request to india for a range of lethal military hardware in addition to the four mi-35 helicopters, which new delhi has already agreed to provide for the afghan air force.
kabul recently sent its request for a range of weapons and defence equipment  more than a year after a similar plea by former afghan president hamid karzai was withdrawn by his successor ashraf ghani.
while new delhi has already agreed to provide four helicopters to add some teeth into the air force of war-ravaged afghanistan, renewal of the requests for more military hardware signalled ghanis government willingness to reverse its policy of distancing from india.
ghanis national security advisor, mohammad hanif atmar, and afghan deputy foreign minister hekmat khalil karzai of late visited new delhi separately.
new delhi previously kept its defence cooperation with kabul limited to training afghan national army personnel in institutions in india and supplying non-lethal military hardware.
officials told deccan herald that atmar had given his counterpart and prime minister narendra modis national security advisor ajit doval a list of weapons and other defence equipment afghanistan wanted from india.
new delhi is understood to be studying the list, which also included some hardware india received or developed under license following technology transfer from russia.
kabul conveyed to new delhi that it urgently required a range of equipment not only to fight taliban, but also islamic state (is), which is spreading its footprint in afghanistan.
moscow already gave its nod to new delhis request for providing the russian mi-35 helicopters  currently being used by the indian air force  to afghanistan.
new delhi conveyed to kabul that it would have to check availability of the equipment.
india is also set to host the heart of asia conference meeting of istanbul ministerial process on afghanistan next year.
the decision to host the conference was conveyed to afghan deputy foreign minister during his recent visit to new delhi.
his visit also saw new delhi and kabul discussing activating the india-afghanistan strategic partnership agreement, which was signed in october 2011.
he also discussed with foreign secretary s jaishankar probable dates for modis visit to kabul to inaugurate the afghan parliament complex built by india.
new delhi, however, is yet to decide who would represent india in this years conference, which pakistan government is hosting in islamabad.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received an invitation from pakistan to attend the conclave in islamabad early next month.
the invitation came from swarajs counterpart sartaj aziz, foreign affairs advisor to pakistan prime minister m nawaz sharif.
we have yet to decide on the level of our participation, external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said.
sushma acted bonafide in lalit modi issue: jaitleynew delhi, june 16, 2015 (pti) 9:12 istfinance minister arun jaitley today sought to do some damage control by coming out in defence of sushmaswaraj swaraj over her help to scam-tainted lalit modi while prime minister narendra modi continued to be targeted in the 'modigate' by congress.
two days after the raging controversy broke out triggering a political storm for the modi government, jaitley, swaraj, who holds the external affairs portfolio, and home minister rajnath singh met in the home ministry and discussed the entire issue for an hour before singh and jaitley held a press conference.
all allegations levelled are baseless.
her (swaraj) statement and that of the party president (show) that whatever she did was with good intentions.
she acted bona fide.
the entire government and the party are one on the issue.
there should be no doubt on this, jaitley said with singh by his side.
jaitley's defence of his cabinet colleague comes two days after party president amit shah and rajnath singh had asserted that swaraj had acted on humanitarian considerations in the matter of helping former ipl boss lalit modi get travel documents from britain.
modi, former ipl boss, has taken refuge in london for over five years after the enforcement directorate levelled money laundering and other charges against him involving an amount of rs 1,700 crore and wants him for investigations in india in the 2009 ipl scam.
speculation has been rife over the silence of jaitley after the controversy broke out on sunday over swaraj's help to lalit modi.
there have been reports that the finance ministry and the external affairs ministry are involved in a blame game over who should appeal against the delhi high court order quashing the revocation of lalit modi's passport in august last year.
the mea is said to be of the view that the issue of revocation of passport was a matter in the jurisdiction of the ed which was pursuing cases against modi and it was for it to make the appeal.
there was also a report that former foreign secretary sujatha singh, removed by the modi government, having remarked that she knew nothing about the minister helping lalit modi.
sources also said there was nothing in writing about swaraj having talked to the british high commissioner on the issue.
however, finance ministry sources say that the ed and the revenue department were not a party before the case in the delhi high court and it was for the mea to go in appeal.
jaitley himself stepped in to clarify the issue.
asked whether the enforcement directorate would appeal against the delhi high court decision quashing the revocation of passport, jaitley said the matter of passport comes within the jurisdiction of passport authorities.
they will decide.
to another question whether the ed will continue its probe in the lalit modi matter, he said the ed has investigated several cases against the person concerned (modi) and has issued a number of show cause notices as part of its quasi judicial functions.
asked whether swaraj had acted on her own to help modi, jaitley said all ministers in charge of various departments were capable of taking decisions and in all decisions taken by the government there is a collective responsibility.
there have been insinuations by some party insiders suggesting that jaitley could have a hand in swaraj's troubles.
party mp kirti azad had tweeted about a snake in the grass suggesting an insider job.
jaitley parried a question as to who was the aasteen ka saanp (snake in the grass) which azad had tweeted about.
ask the next question, was his repartee.
the finance minister also said that a light blue corner notice has been issued against modi in 2010 and that continues to be valid even today.
meanwhile, congress vice-president rahul gandhi continued his attack on the prime minister saying he was rescuing lalit modi, a man of blackmoney.
the prime minister had promised to bring blackmoney and put rs 15 lakh in everyone's account.
narendra modi is rescuing lalit modi, the blackmoney man.
he is the blackmoney man in indian cricket, gandhi told reporters in chhattisgarh.
he made light of jaitley's defence of swaraj saying if he does not defend then who will do it.
sushmaji is nobody in the government.
it is only narendra modi, who is running the government and the country, he said.
at a press conference in the aicc, congress leader anand sharma demanded a supreme court monitored sit and the prime minister needed to speak up as what has happened is scandalous.
there has been nexus of the senior leadership of the government (with former ipl boss lalit modi) who have been in cahoots in cricket management or mismanagement.
an independent inquiry by a supreme court-monitored sit is necessary, he said.
alleging lalit modi is personally known to the highest in the bjp, he recalled prime minister narendra modi was also associated with the gujarat cricket association when he was the state's chief minister.
new delhi, jan 4, 2015, (pti) 22:26 istthe government has taken serious note of complaints against an indian company, involved in alleged mistreatment of 77 indian labourers in sri lanka, and directed its mission in colombo to make immediate arrangements for their return.
the government also is contemplating strict action against the erring company, according to government sources.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is also the minister for overseas indian affairs, has taken serious note of the issue and has spoken to indian high commissioner yash sinha in colombo and directed him to make immediate arrangements for their return, the sources said today.
external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin said, it is a labour-related issue.
our mission has already taken up the matter with the company and we are working on a solution and hopeful of a resolution by tomorrow.
he was replying to a question on whether the indians were being held hostage in sri lanka.
most of the workers involved in the dispute are reportedly from up and bihar.
they had also written to prime minister narendra modi and swaraj, seeking their intervention to resolve the matter.
action taken against amazon for sale of tricolour doormats: govtnew delhi, feb 2, 2017, (pti) 15:43 istthe issue of tricolour doormats and slippers sold by online shopping portal amazon had its echo in the rajya sabha today with members raising concern over the matter and the government saying that action has been taken and these have had their desired effect.
members asked whether the government could impose a ban on sale of such products so that national emblems are not besmirched, whether there were provisions to stop insult to religious sentiments and if the government contemplated action against such e-commerce platforms.
minister of state for external affairs m j akbar said such things cannot be controlled as there is no international treaty on this, but confirmed action under two laws enacted in 1950 and 1971 to protect dishonouring of national emblems.
the incident occurred in two nations, canada and united states.
as soon as we got to know, our missions in ottawa andwashington raised the issue at the highest possible level in every possible manner.
the issue went up to the owner, the person who runs amazon, jeff bezos.
action was taken by amazon and i think at this moment, we can be assured that this would not be repeated.
they (amazon) have written to us as well, he said.
on whether such things can be controlled in future, he said, there is no international treaty on this.
akbar, however, said, a law was enacted in 1950 and another in 1971 to protect exactly those problems that have now come up.
we as a government do our utmost to see that our national honour and sentiments are not besmirched in any way and i hope that our efforts will yield results, he said.
the minister said, we take every possible recourse within our means and legal framework to check such things.
the actions we have taken have had the desired result.
the issue of amazon selling tricolour doormats and slippers on its websites had irked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had said such things were unacceptable and had threatened amazon management of rescinding visas to its officials if they did not stop such sales.
cong conceding self-goals in bid to spread misinformation: bjpnew delhi, mar 17, 2015, (pti) 13:35 istclaiming that congress leaders were trying to while away their time in parliament, bjp today said the party was conceding self-goals in its attempt to spread a misinformation campaign over various matters including the overblown issue of rahul gandhi's security assessment by delhi police.
at the bjp parliamentary party meeting here this morning, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said in the absence of any pro-people issue congress was blowing up non-issues.
the party had to cut a sorry figure in parliament after facts were rolled out that such an exercise was done by delhi police for congress chief sonia gandhi, former prime minister atal behari vajpayee, bjp president amit shah, the home minister and the finance minister.
the example of how congress stalled the budget discussion in lok sabha on friday when finance minister arun jaitley was not present was also highlighted by naidu, who cited several instances in the past when the main cabinet minister was not present for an important reason but discussion was taken up.
the issue of crop damage and loss of farmers in several states due to the recent hailstorm was also highlighted, with a demand that a central team be sent to the affected places and an assessment be made for the centre to extend support.
the visit of prime minister narendra modi to sri lanka and other island nations was lauded at the meet and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will make a formal statement in this regard in both houses of parliament tomorrow.
it was observed in general that congress is conceding self goals.
in an absence of issues for people.
.
.
how the issue of rahul gandhi's assessment by delhi police for his security was overblown.
.
.
there were several illustrative examples of how self goal has been conceded by the congress, minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv pratap rudy said.
it was also noticed that the congress party has been trying to while away their time and they have been trying to disturb the house and not take up parliamentary businesses that are significant and important for the country's progress.
.
.
, rudy told reporters after the meeting.
at the meeting, where prime minister narendra modi was also present, mps were asked to ensure their presence in parliament to show the party's strength and to ensure passage of key bills.
i have asked indian high commissioner to pakistan dr t c a raghavan to go to karachi with mrs raghavan and meet this girl (sic), she posted on twitter after pakistani social activist ansar burney tweeted about the girl, who had been found on lahore railway station 14 years ago.
sources said the high commission of india in islamabad had already got in touch with karachis edhi foundation, which had been taking care of the girl.
geeta was just nine when pakistan's punjab rangers personnel handed her over to the edhi foundation.
the foundation's bilqees edhi named her geeta, as she could not tell or write her name properly.
she was later sent to a shelter home in karachi.
the edhi foundations effort to find her parents in india proved futile as the girl could not help much.
burney tweeted about geeta after the hindi film bajrangi bhaijaan, starring salman khan, made waves in both pakistan and india.
the film revolves around a speech-impaired girl from pakistan found in india, who is taken back to her family in pakistan by an indian man.
sushma denies daughter studied on n-e quotanew delhi, june 18, 2015, dhns 1:34 istwith the controversy over her role in securing a travel document for former indian premier league commissioner lalit modi still raging, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday went combative on twitter, after a post on the micro-blogging website suggested that she had got her daughter admitted to a medical college against a seat allotted for students from the north-east.
my daughter is a barrister and oxford graduate.
what you say in absolutely false, sushmaswaraj posted on twitter.
she tweeted after the twitter handle soch@pakoed had posted sushmaswaraj is no stranger to taking and giving favours!
her daughter studied through north-east quota in medical college.
the post by soch@pakoed was deleted from twitter later, but it was re-tweeted by others by then.
the external affairs minister had also lost her cool last monday and posted on twitter targeting a tv journalist reporting on the controversy.
sushma on wednesday also deployed some of her aides to brief media persons and deny allegations that she had a private meeting with modi in london in october 2014 during her first visit to the uk after taking over as the external affairs minister.
labour mp keith vaz was also involved in the efforts to influence the british government to issue a travel document to modi to facilitate his visit to portugal for a surgery his ailing wife had to undergo there.
sources close to sushmaswaraj told media persons that she had met modi during a private dinner hosted in her honour by indian-origin british hotelier joginder sanger.
sanger owns the hotel where sushmaswaraj stayed during her visit to london for the pravasi bharatiya divas.
sources also said that nearly 15 guests had been invited for the private dinner hosted by sanger and modi had just been one of them.
sushma and modi never had a separate private meeting during her visit to london, they claimed.
she said the injured have been shifted to bangkok hospital by army helicopters.
the injured were shifted to bangkok hospital by army helicopters.
our mission has just informed me that we have lost pilot of the air ambulance arunaksha nandy.
dr shailendra and dr komal are in the icu.
the other two have sustained minor injuries (sic).
jklf rejects decision to hold indo-pak bilateral talks: maliksrinagar, dec 10, 2015, (pti) 19:34 istjklf chairman yasin malik today rejected the decision to hold the comprehensive bilateral dialogue between india and pakistan, saying we do not accept a dialogue where kashmiris have no role in it.
we have never been against dialogue.
we firmly believe that all the pending issues of the world can be ultimately settled through dialogue.
however, the primary parties to the disputes need to be taken on board.
we reject this comprehensive bilateral dialogue as kashmir is not a party to it.
we do not accept a dialogue where kashmiris are told that they have no role in it, jammu kashmir liberation front (jklf) chief malik told reporters here.
the jklf chairman said history is testimony to the fact that hundreds of rounds of dialogue on kashmir in last seventy years between india and pakistan have failed because the people of kashmir were not taken aboard.
he said the people of kashmir were the primary party to the dispute and it was imperative for both india and pakistan to involve them in any dialogue process.
breaking the logjam in their ties, india and pakistan had yesterday announced that they have decided to engage in a comprehensive dialogue that will include peace and security and jammu and kashmir.
capping a series of positive developments since prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif met in paris only ten days ago, it was announced here that the foreign secretaries will meet to decide the modalities and schedule of the dialogue.
the joint statement came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met sharif and later his advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz in islamabad on the concluding day of her two-day visit for attending a multilateral conference on afghanistan.
india to protest violation of airspace by chinaagencies, jun 6 2017, 1:42 istindia on monday termed the recent airspace violation by two chinese military helicopters as unacceptable and said it would take up the issue with the communist nation.
this is the first such airspace violation.
we can understand ground incursion.
.
.
it can be a mistake.
but this is unacceptable.
we will take it up with beijing, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, while addressing a press conference.
her comment came on a day when beijing sought to defend the airspace violation by calling it regular patrol.
a spokesperson of the chinese ministry of foreign affairs also noted that india and china had disputes over boundaries.
two chinese military helicopters were seen hovering over barahoti in the chamoli district ofuttarakhand on saturday.
earlier, soldiers of the peoples liberation army of china have transgressed into indian territory at barahoti and other areas in uttarakhand.
new delhi has sought to play down such transgressions.
the government in the past argued that such transgressions happened due to differing perceptions over the alignment of the line of actual control, which serves as the de facto boundary between india and china in the absence of a settled boundary.
'lalitgate' to become cong's main weapon in bihar pollsnew delhi, june 19, 2015, dhns: 0:48 istthe opposition congress on thursday trained its guns on rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and charged her with round-tripping ill-gotten money with the help of former ipl chairman lalit modi.
senior leader ghulam nabi azad wondered why prime minister narendra modi had maintained a sheepish silence on the issue which stood in sharp contrast with his roar against corruption.
round tripping involves getting the money out of one country, to tax havens, and bringing it back in the form of foreign capital with tax benefits.
senior leaders said the lalitgate scandal had given them enough ammunition to keep up the attack on prime minister narendra modi, who had only last month claimed of leading a corruption-free government.
the congress now plans to utilise the gross impropriety committed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje in the upcoming elections to the crucial state of bihar scheduled later this year.
the bjp maligned us using the 2g spectrum allegations, now it is our chance to show them the mirror, a senior leader said.
asked whether the congress would approach courts to seek a probe into the allegations, the leader said, why get the courts involved?
we are taking up the issue politically.
however, congress leaders do not expect the prime minister to take any action against swaraj and raje.
they said the bjp leadership had not taken any action against madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan in the vyapam scam.
a state minister and several top officials have been arrested in connection with the irregularities in the recruitment process for professional posts in the state government.
meanwhile, rajasthan congress leaders hit the streets in the state and burned effigies of raje for her criminally symbiotic relations with lalit modi.
facts now clearly establish the murky dealings, round tripping of ill-gotten money and exchange of mutual benefits between lalit and vasundhara raje, aicc general secretary c p joshi told reporters.
aicc general secretary digvijay singh took a jibe at modi wondering whether the rss was his next target after having taken care of swaraj and raje, the pms detractors in the bjp.
the delicate india-china relations witnessed a fresh irritant on friday with west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee canceling her week-long trip to china because beijing couldn't confirm the political meetings at the appropriate level.
though the indian ambassador tried his best to make the programme a success, non-confirmation of the political meetings at the appropriate level as proposed by the indian ambassador has unfortunately compelled us to cancel the visit, mamata said in a statement.
the ministry of external affairs didn't make any official comment on the last minute cancellation of the trip as mamata was to leave for beijing on friday night.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is out of the country at the moment, and foreign secretary vijay gokhale has been informed about the decision.
till thursday, everything was going on well, but unfortunately the chinese side couldn't confirm the political meetings at the appropriate level as informed by our ambassador in china.
our ambassador requested time till friday 12.
00 noon (chinese time 2.
20 pm) for a confirmation to the political meeting, she said.
it has now been intimated by our ambassador in china that the political meetings at the appropriate level couldn't be confirmed and therefore the purpose of my visit with a delegation to china is of no use, mamata noted.
west bengal chief minister said in march that sushmaswaraj swaraj suggested her to consider leading a delegation to china under the government's exchange programme with the international department of the communist party of china (cpc).
mamata said, i mentioned to her that since the interest of my country is involved, i wish to visit china sometime during last week of june 2018.
subsequently, the two sides began to work out the dates and other programme details.
indian ambassador gautam bambawale proposed her meeting with a member of the powerful seven-member politburo standing committee, the highest body of the party which governs china, according to a pti story from beijing quoting unnamed sources.
but the cpc did not facilitate her meeting with any senior leader other than song tao, the minister of the international department of the ruling communist party of china because cpc didn't understand and appreciate her stature both as chief minister and as head of an important political party, the trinamool congress.
when madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan visited china in 2016, he had met zhao leji, a member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and head of the cpc central committee organisation department, besides song.
notwithstanding several meetings between the top leadership, india-china relation remains a sensitive one since the last year's doklam crisis.
kalyan ray , raipur, nov 9, 2013, dhns: 1:41 istbattle for states: no lavish food, free liquor this time to supportersjust two days before the first phase of polling in chhattishgarh, an outsider may not have any clue about the impending assembly election as strict adherence to the election commission (ec) rulebooks has robbed off the colour and pomp commonly found in indian elections.
there are no posters and graffiti on the wall.
there is no sloganeering, use of loudspeakers and mikes and road side meeting blocking the traffic.
the election is almost invisible.
a team of expenditure observers from the ec is keeping a close watch on the expenditure ceiling, permitted by the ec, which comes to around rs 15 lakh per candidate.
in one dinner meeting hosted by the bjp youth wing, officials videographed the menu and made cost calculation as per the market rate so that the entire amount can be taken into account while calculating the ceilings for the bjp candidate from that constituency.
the rule book has impacted the influence of money and booze to a large extent.
even earlier, the ec had the provision of expenditure observers, but their numbers were increased this time so that more attention can be paid on each constituency, a top official in chhattishgarh administration told deccan herald.
for the 18 constituencies going to the polls on monday, there are eight expenditure observers from the ec.
in addition, there are general observers, awareness observers and police observers.
for the remaining 72 constituencies, there will be 22 more expenditure observers.
special attention is being paid to 18 constituencies from where 11 ministers from the raman singh cabinet and some of the rich and influential candidates are battling for a berth in the assembly.
they include two seats in raipur city, bilaspur, kota, marwahi, kashdol, dhamtari, bhilai and durg.
former chief minister ajit jogis wife renu is contesting from kota while his son amit is the congress candidate in marwahi.
former speaker prem prakash pandey is contesting from bhilai while congress treasurer motilal voras son arun vora is the partys choice from durg.
because of the watchful eyes of the ec, there is hardly any poster of congress top leaders like sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi as well as prime minister manmohan singh even in front of venues where they addressed rallies and party workers.
rahul gandhi on friday addressed a rally in rajnandgaon, where the turn out, in the words of congress leader b k hariprasad, was impressive.
but in the absence of visible signs like posters, slogans and banners, it was difficult to locate the place even a few hundred metres ahead of the venue.
on saturday, singh addressed party workers at an indoor stadium in raipur, prompting bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj to take a swipe at the prime minister for not being able to address a public rally.
there is not a single photo of one of india's longest serving prime ministers anywhere near the venue.
bjp leaders put up some of their advertisement at commercial roadside display boards.
but congress remains almost absent from the public eye in the poll-bound state.
ls on business despite boycottnew delhi, aug 05, 2015, dhns: 0:29 istafter two weeks of disruptions, lok sabha on tuesday began transacting business despite the combative opposition boycotting proceedings over the suspension of 25 congress mps.
the government passed two bills  the appropriation (railways) bill 2015 and the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) amendment bill  as opposition members stayed away.
the opposition benches were empty as members of the ncp, jd (u), sp, left parties, rjd, trinamool congress and muslim league boycotted the lok sabha as an expression of solidarity with the 25 congress members who speaker sumitra mahajan suspended for five days for unruly behaviour in the house.
members of the ruling bjp, coalition partners shiv sena, tdp and akali dal and opposition aiadmk participated in the brief discussion on the demand for excess grants of the railway ministry.
railway minister suresh prabhu replied to the discussion after which the bill was passed.
the appropriation (railways) bill 2015 sought the approval from lok sabha for excess expenditure the ministry incurred in 2012-13.
since the beginning of the monsoon session on july 21, lok sabha saw repeated disruptions by opposition congress that demanded resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for facilitating travel documents of former ipl chief lalit modi, while asking for resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam.
congress and other opposition parties created disruptions in the rajya sabha over the issue leading to a washout.
the lok sabha also passed the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention ofatrocities) amendment bill, 2014 that seeks to add new categories of actions to be treated as offences against scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, and establish exclusive special courts to try offences.
swaraj to meet ramdevlast updated: 08 june, 2011to express solidarity with baba ramdev's agitation against corruption, senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today left for haridwar to meet the yoga guru.
swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, left for haridwar this morning and is likely to meet the yoga guru this afternoon, party sources said.
while bjp has scoffed at suggestions that ramdev's agitation had the backing of it or rss, the party has maintained that it supported the spirit of the campaigns being led by ramdev and anna hazare.
on sunday, bjp had launched a nation-wide 24-hour-long agitation against police crackdown on ramdev supporters and corruption even as it asked the government to bring back black money parked abroad.
several bjp leaders led by party president nitin gadkari and parliamentary party chairman l k advani sat on a strike at rajghat.
on monday, leaders of the bjp-led nda met president pratibha patil and handed her a memorandum which said that after the police action against ramdev, the government's intentions are clearer than ever.
meeting fails to end par logjam, govt indicates all-party meetnew delhi, jul 30, 2015, (pti) 19:52 istan all-party meeting convened by the lok sabha speaker today failed to break the parliamentary deadlock but government indicated it was ready convene an all-party meeting in a bid to end the logjam.
the indication came after the opposition threw the ball in the government's court saying it was for it to take initiative and the logjam would continue till then.
under opposition attack, home minister rajnath singh indicated that the government was open to calling an all-party meet to break the impasse.
leader of the congress mallikarjun kharge accused the government of not reaching out to the opposition and tmc leader sudip bandhyopadhyay charged it with harbouring a very undemocratic attitude.
the role and performance of the government is very democratic in nature.
why prime minister narendra modi has not opened his mouth, bandhyopadhyay said initiating the opposition attack.
he also made it clear that it was unrealistic to expect that no one will go to the well of the house.
it cannot happen, it will never happen.
speaker sumitra mahajan told reporters after the meeting that she wanted a consensus against undignified modes of protests like members raising placards in the house or rushing into the well and claimed that most parties agreed with her views.
i am always optimistic.
it is a positive beginning, she said when asked if such protests would stop now.
making it clear that there would be no let-up in the opposition protests, kharge said it was the government's responsibility to run the house and assailed the treasury benches for the not reaching out to them even once since the monsoon session began on july 21.
taking a swipe at the ruling bjp leaders, he said the opposition was following the traditions set up by the likes of l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley who had termed disruptions of parliament a legitimate tactic to pressure the government when the saffron party was in the opposition.
rajnath singh's remarks that bjp members had not used placards when it was in opposition was strongly contested by the opposition members.
opposition sources said singh welcomed their suggestion for an all-party meeting.
the opposition has been seeking resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and madhya pradesh and rajasthan chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhara raje which has paralysed parliament for two weeks with the government rejecting their demand.
expressing concern over the undignified protests, mahajan rejected the opposition contention that raising of placards by members and going into the well have been happening for long.
a good tradition must start and bad tradition stop, she told them.
if somebody has killed a cow, it does not mean that others should kill the calf, she said quoting a marathi proverb to make her point that in a democracy protest is needed but it should be as per the rules and procedure.
citing the incident in which she had pulled up chowdhury after he banged his placard on her table, she said she saw several young people in the visitor's gallery and felt bad about the impression of parliament they would carry in their mind.
she also rejected the charge that lok sabha tv was blacking out opposition protests and said guidelines to this effect were formulated by the then speaker in 2010 and she had not given any such instructions.
kharge, however, insisted that the onus was on the government to ensure normal functioning of parliament by addressing the issues raised by them and was supported by j p yadav of rjd, kaushalendra kumar (jd-u) and karunakaran of the cpi-m.
bjd's tathagata satpathy accused the government of abdicating its responsibility while he appreciated the perseverance of the speaker to run the house smoothly.
ncp's tariq anwar was also critical of the government for not initiating any dialogue with the opposition to address the issues raised by it.
p karunakaran of the cpi-m said the government should address the issues raised by them.
the constituents of the ruling nda rallied round the government by supporting its call for parliament to function.
parliament must work, anupriya patel of apna dal said.
pm protecting lalit modi; swaraj must go, says rahulkorba (chhattisgarh), jun 15, 2015, (pti) 20:51 istcongress vice- president rahul gandhi today asked prime minister narendra modi to sack foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the lalit modi controversy as he rejected her humanitarian ground argument and mounted a fresh attack on the nda government.
he targeted the prime minister over the controversy, saying one modi is standing by another modi.
pm modi had promised to bring back black money to the country and deposit rs 15 lakh in everyones account.
now they are supporting black money masters on humanitarian ground, he said in an apparent reference to lalit modi.
asked whether swaraj should resign, he said absolutely.
pm modi should sack her.
he accused the prime minister of protecting the tainted cricket administrator and said (narendra) modi is standing by (lalit) modi.
sushma swaraj is just a minor minister in the cabinet.
only one man is running the government.
pm should stop protecting (lalit) modi, the congress mp said.
swaraj is at the centre of a raging row for helping fugitive former ipl chief lalit modi, based in london, who faces money laundering charges, secure documents to travel to portugal last year.
if you talk about humanity, you should also help people affected by the wild elephant menace here (in korba) on humanitarian grounds, gandhi said.
he was talking to mediapersons at kudmura village after interacting with villagers facing hardships due to the human-elephant conflict in the area.
earlier, while interacting with villagers, gandhi blamed the centre and ruling bjp is chhattisgarh for the man- animal conflict in the state, saying the elephant habitat is being destroyed to make way for coal mining in the name of development.
farmers and tribals are bearing the brunt of coal mining while elephants and other wildlife species, too, are getting displaced due to shrinking forests which serve as their habitat, the 44-year-old amethi mp said.
just for the sake of a few industrialists, both the centre and the state gave away the densely-forested hasdeo-arand region for mining.
pm modi call it development.
what kind of development model it is?
he asked.
bhopal, jun 21, 2015, pti: 11:06 istin what could cause fresh trouble for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, an rti query has revealed that madhya pradesh government appointed her husband and daughter as government advocates.
however, the state bjp has denied any wrongdoing and said the appointments were done on the basis of merits even as congress hit out at chief minister shivraj singh chouhan for allegedly obliging the bjp central leadership.
sushma has been embroiled in a row for facilitating travel documents for tainted former ipl boss lalit modi in london, prompting opposition congress to demand her resignation.
the response to an rti query, filed recently by activist ajay dubey, revealed that the state government had appointed sushma's husband swaraj kaushal and daughter bansuri kaushal as government lawyers in 2009 and 2013, respectively.
dubey alleged that the chief minister favoured swaraj with appointments as he wants to consolidate his position in the bjp.
he said the vidisha mp's daughter was appointed as junior advocate with the issuance of order by state law department on february 27, 2013.
similarly, her husband was appointed as senior advocate on october 10, 2009, dubey said citing documents related to the appointments, procured by him through rti query.
these appointments clearly bring to light that politicians are being obliged in mp, alleged dubey, a member of ngo board of management, transparency international india.
reacting to the findings, mp congress unit's chief spokesman k k mishra said chouhan was not missing an opportunity to oblige central ministers.
by make bansuri and kaushal state government advocates, he (chouhan) has politically obliged sushma.
chouhan was obliging the bjp central leadership to save his chair in the wake of his involvement in mp professional examination board (mppeb) scam, mishra alleged.
he further alleged that the government has paid lakhs of rupees to bansuri and kaushal from government coffers as legal fees and demanded cancellation of their appointment.
meanwhile, the state bjp unit said the government has not indulged in any wrongdoing, illegal act or impropriety in appointing kaushal and bansuri as government lawyers.
mp's bjp media in-charge hitesh bajpai said the appointments were done on the basis of merits.
kaushal was a senior lawyer.
many states hire kapil sibal, manish tewari, k t s tulsi of congress to present them in supreme court, he contended.
'immigrants' from northeast: bjp's vision document sparks rownew delhi, feb 3, 2015, (pti) 17:49 istbjp's vision document for the delhi assembly polls today stirred up a controversy by referring people from north eastern states in the national capital as immigrants, after which congress demanded an apology and removal of the words.
the 24-page document that entails the party's roadmap in taking delhi forward by making it a world-class city and steps in public welfare includes a section on northeastern immigrants to be protected.
the section talks of special cells in all police stations and 24-hour helpline numbers to be set up for protection of north-eastern migrants.
special cells in all police stations and special 24-hour helpline numbers to be set up for the protection of the northeastern migrants.
to safeguard the students of ne origin, special guardianship will be arranged with local families for them, the document says.
congress was quick to react, with its leader ajay maken questioning is bjp trying to say the people from the north east are not indian citizens?
.
bjp's vision document has a pointer called 'north-eastern immigrants to be protected'.
the word immigrant is used when people move from one country to another, so does bjp consider people from the north-eastern states as residents of some other country or the northeastern states according to them are not part of india?
we demand that they remove that line from the manifesto and apologise to public, maken said.
he said the document with such reference to people from north east comes at a time when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is on a visit to china.
if the ruling party is saying such things in its manifesto then on what basis swaraj is talking to china about how its force enters the state of arunachal pradesh and other areas, we need to understand that, he said.
the national capital has witnessed a spate of racial attacks and discrimination against people from north east in the recent past and a ne student nido taniam, son of of an arunachal mla, died after being badly beaten by shopkeepers at a lajpat nagar market here.
the centre had formed a special committee headed by north eastern council member m p bezbaruah to recommend steps to address the concerns of people from ne region living across the country.
government trying to cover up economic failures: congressnew delhi, aug 11, 2015 (ians) 23:13 istthe congress on tuesday said the ruling bjp was trying to project that non-passage of gst bill was a reason for the government's poor performance and cover up its economic failures by blaming the opposition.
talking to media persons here, congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi took digs at finance minister arun jaitley over government's efforts to push the goods and services tax (gst) bill, noting that the legislation was stalled during the previous united progressive alliance government.
arun jaitley finds gst in much public interest.
this has dawned after seven years, he said.
as the session draws to a close, the obduracy and obstinacy of the government is matched only by the studied silence of the prime minister.
we are happy that the bjp, the prime minister and arun jaitley, are finding the gst to be so much in the public interest.
citing index of industrial production data for may, singhvi said it the government's performance was quite low on parameters such as factory output and capital goods growth compared to data for may last year.
you (government) are really trying to create confusion to cover up economic failures, he said.
noting congress' opposition to some provisions of the gst bill was based on national interest, singhvi said among the issues of difference was that congress wanted an independent body to resolve disputes between states but the government had left the task to the gst council itself.
we want that gst should come in an effective way, he said.
one of the objections is that the rate must have a limitation, a ceiling.
it can be 15 percent, it can be 18 percent.
another issue which we raised was that when there is a dispute between the states, as is very likely, you must create an independent resolution body.
this is common sense.
the government obdurately and obstinately insists that the dispute resolution body should be the gst council itself, singhvi added.
he contended that the parliament was facing a stalemate due to obduracy of the government and silence of prime minister narendra modi.
asked if the party had changed its stance of seeking resignations of three bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders to a discussion under adjournment motion in the lok sabha, he said the congress wanted an adjournment motion as it could lead to censure.
congress leaders said there was no change in the party's stance.
they said since their demand for adjournment motion was not being accepted, they have been maintaining that discussion under other rules can take place after the bjp leaders resign.
the congress and some parties are demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over their alleged help to former ipl chief lalit modi, who is facing an enforcement directorate investigation, and of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over the vyapam scam.
govt rejects cong demand for resignation of swaraj, iraninew delhi, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 18:00 istthe government today rejected congress demand for resignation of union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and smriti irani over 'lalitgate' and 'fake degree' controversies, saying our ministers do not do all that their (upa's) ministers used to do.
our ministers do not have to resign.
this is not their (congress') government.
this is nda government, home minister rajnath singh told reporters at the cabinet briefing.
he was asked how will the monsoon session run smoothly as the congress has been demanding resignation of at least three bjp ministers over the controversies.
congress kept up its attack against the nda dispensation, seeking the sacking of external affairs minister swaraj from the union council of ministers and resignation of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the 'lalitgate' issue.
besides, the party's student wing nsui today held a protest outside shastri bhavan seeking immediate resignation of hrd minister smriti irani, accusing her of holding fake degrees.
while the home minister was dismissive of the demand of resignations, telecom minister ravi shankar prasad reasoned that the nda ministers do not do all that was being done by ministers in the upa government.
let me add, our ministers do not do all that their (upa's) ministers used to do, prasad said, in an obvious reference to scandals during upa era involving then union ministers.
the remarks by the two senior ministers came a day after bjp mp r k singh had struck a discordant note over swaraj and raje allegedly extending help to former ipl boss lalit modi, saying any help to a fugitive is legally and morally wrong.
singh's strong comments were the first public criticism by a ruling party mp against the help extended to modi by swaraj and raje, an issue which has snowballed into a major political controversy for the narendra modi government even though bjp has defended both the leaders.
swaraj and raje have been facing flak from the opposition for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk.
sushma speaks to sartaj aziz on clericsnew delhi: march 19, 2017, dhns 1:21 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajthe missing clerics of the hazrat nizamuddin dargah were traced in pakistan on saturday after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her counterpart in the neighbouring country, sartaj aziz.
aziz, foreign affairs advisor to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif, promised during his phone call with swaraj that all efforts would be made to trace the clerics who went missing in pakistan earlier this week while on a tour.
i spoke to mr sartaj aziz, pakistan pm's adviser on foreign affairs regarding missing indian nationals syed asif ali nizami and nazim ali nizami of hazrat #nizamuddin aulia dargah, swaraj posted on twitter on saturday.
he assured me of all help in tracing the missing clerics, she added in another tweet.
aziz was in london when swaraj called him and sought his assistance.
shortly after the call, officials of pakistans ministry of foreign affairs informed the indian high commission in that country that the two missing clerics had been traced, sources said.
swaraj's call to aziz was the first public contact between the two after they had a brief informal chat on the sidelines of a saarc meet in kathmandu in march 2016  just three months after pakistani terrorists attacked indian air force base at pathankot in punjab and derailed the process to restart bilateral engagements.
new delhi has been urging islamabad since thursday to find out syed asif ali nizami and his nephew nazim ali nizami after both went missing while on a religious tour to pakistan.
the clerics visited pakistan several times in the past, since delhis nizamuddin dargah has a strong spiritual link with lahores data darbar.
sushma bats for india, africa seats in unsckalyan ray, new delhi: oct 28, 2015, dhns: 0:22 istmodi to hold talks with 20 african leadersindia on tuesday made a strong pitch for a permanent place in the global high table by demanding reforms in the un security council (unsc) to accommodate itself and representatives of the african continent.
india and africa can no longer be excluded from their rightful place of the permanent membership of the un security council.
how can we expect legitimacy from a governance structure that excludes the entire african continent and a country, which represents one-sixth of humanity, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asked at the foreign ministers conference, which is a key component of the ongoing india-africa partnership summit.
although indians and africans comprise nearly 2.
5 billion people, our nations continue to be excluded from appropriate representation in the institutions of global governance, she said.
new delhi maintained that the unsc continues to represent the world order of 1945 and not the current realities.
the un was set up in october 1945 following the second world war.
india is reaching out to the african nations in a big way as representatives from all 54 nations of that continent are expected to be present at the summit meeting on october 29.
more than 40 heads of state and government would attend the summit.
prime minister narendra modi is scheduled to have bilateral discussions with 20 top political leaders from africa including zimbabwean president robert gabriel mugabe, south african president jacob g zuma, swaziland king mswati iii, nigerian president muhammadu buhari and ghanaian president john dramani mahama.
swaraj on her part had talks with her counterparts from zimbabwe, south sudan, malawi, cameroon, the democratic republic of congo, cape verde and ghana.
cameroon sought indias support in training their security staff for its fight against boko haram, to which india agreed.
climate, trade issuesswaraj also sought africa's backing on negotiating a just and equitable climate change agreement at the upcoming climate summit in paris and settling contentious trade issues at the wto.
we look forward to finalising an ambitious and comprehensive climate change agreement based on the principles of equity and common but differentiated responsibility.
the challenge of global warming can only be addressed adequately through technological solutions, she said.
india, us, japan discuss south china seanew delhi, oct 1, 2015, dhns 0:55 istindia, united states and japan have raised a hitherto low-profile trilateral dialogue to the level of their foreign ministers, who jointly called for settlement of the south china sea dispute in accordance with international laws  a move, which is likely to raise hackles in china.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj joined us secretary of state john kerry and japanese foreign minister fumio kishida in new york to call for peaceful settlement of maritime disputes in accordance with international laws, freedom of navigation and over-flight and unimpeded lawful commerce, including in south china sea.
the meeting in new york on tuesday marked elevation of the trilateral dialogue, which was launched in 2011 as a mechanism for interactions among senior diplomats of the three countries.
the move signalled growing convergence in strategic interests of new delhi, tokyo and washington in asia pacific, but is likely to be seen by beijing as yet another attempt to contain china.
she noted that the sea lanes of communication in the region were the lifelines of trade and commercial externalities of india.
a substantial part of our energy and goods trade passes through the crucial sea lanes of asia pacific.
as a law-abiding nation, we have always supported the freedom of navigation in international waters, she added.
new delhi, dec 19, 2014, (pti) 15:03 isthectic activity, apparently over drafting of a resolution on the release of 26/11 mumbai attack accused zakiur rehman lakhvi, was witnessed in lok sabha today after prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj joined the house to condemn it.
leader of opposition mallikarjun kharge, having talks with his party colleagues shashi tharoor and k c venugopal and deputy speaker m thambidurai sitting by his side in the opposition bench, drew the attention of modi and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu on the other side.
following this, thambidurai went over to naidu and also spoke to modi on the way, as the house continued with zero hour.
soon after, naidu signalled tharoor to come over.
when tharoor went to the treasury benches, modi stopped him and spoke to him.
the congress leader then sat alongside the external affairs minister in the front row of the treasury benches, with senior bjp leader l k advani and thambidurai on one side and the prime minister on the other.
they were seen discussing and writing something on a piece of paper, apparently the draft of the resolution.
the entire process took less than half an hour, and when it seemed they had reached a finality, tharoor again had a chat with the prime minister before returning to his seat in the opposition benches.
thereafter, speaker sumitra mahajan read out the resolution which asked the government to take all steps in its power, including through its relations with foreign countries, to put pressure on pakistan to bring this matter to a satisfactory conclusion.
press trust of india, new delhi/lahore, may 25 2017, 12:45 ista young indian woman, who said she was forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint, today returned home via the wagah border with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saying she felt sorry for all that you have gone through.
describing uzma ahmad as india's daughter, swaraj welcomed her to india.
i am sorry for all that you have gone through, she tweeted.
uzma, who is in her early 20s, hails from new delhi.
she was allowed by the islamabad high court yesterday to return to india following a plea she filed with the court requesting its directive after her husband tahir ali took her immigration papers.
accompanied by indian mission officials and escorted by pakistani police personnel, she crossed into india through the wagah border crossing near amritsar.
the indian woman was happy and excited to leave for her homeland, a pakistan rangers official told pti.
media was not allowed to interact with uzma.
she touched the ground after she entered the indian territory.
yesterday, the high court handed over her original immigration documents after tahir submitted them to the court a day earlier.
uzma had petitioned the court on may 12 requesting it to allow her to return home urgently as her daughter from her first marriage in india suffered from thalassemia - a blood disorder characterised by abnormal haemoglobin production.
tahir had petitioned the court, requesting that he be allowed to meet his wife.
a single bench of justice mohsin akhtar kayani heard both the pleas and after hearing their arguments, he allowed uzma to return to india.
she has said she was forced to marry tahir at gunpoint.
the two reportedly met in malaysia and fell in love.
uzma reached pakistan on may 1 and travelled to the remote buner district in khyber-pakhtunkhwa province where she was married to tahir on may 3.
later she came to islamabad and took refuge in the indian high commission.
according to the law in pakistan, her lawyer can continue to represent her in the case she has filed in the high court and she can return to pursue the case.
blame sonia if monsoon session washed out: bjpnew delhi, aug 2, 2015, (ians) 20:11 istslamming a confused and afraid congress for disrupting the ongoing monsoon session of parliament, the bjp on sunday said party president sonia gandhi will have to take the blame if the session was washed out.
arguing that the government was willing to hold a debate on issues agitating the congress, bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader nirmala sitharaman said the opposition party, which does not even have the stature of the principal opposition party, was failing the people of india.
the position of the congress keeps changing.
they are confused and want every debate outside parliament.
the confusion created by the congress is prevailing and people of india (are) being denied a meaningful parliament session, she said.
the statement came ahead of an all-party meeting scheduled for monday.
when offered a debate, they run away.
.
.
come up with new demands, she said.
sitharaman, minister of state for commerce and industry, said the congress was scared of the good performance during the previous parliament session (budget session) when productivity of both houses was recorded above 100 percent.
in the last session, the productivity was 123 percent in the lok sabha, and the rajya sabha also had more than 100 percent productivity.
the congress is afraid of this.
.
.
they don't want success of the government in parliament, sitharaman said.
taking on sonia gandhi, the bjp leader said congress parliamentarians were violating the basic courtesies of the house with great impunity right under the nose of the congress president.
if this session gets washed out, sonia gandhi will have to take the blame, she said.
the bjp leader further said that if the opposition wanted prime minister narendra modi to speak on some issue, they must begin a debate, and the prime minister may intervene.
there have been five instances in the last one year when the prime minister (modi) has spoken on important issues.
he has intervened as and when critical debates have taken place, she said.
the monsoon session of parliament, that began on july 21, has so far not been able to transact any major business due to repeated adjournments.
it is scheduled to last till august 13.
some opposition parties, led by the congress, have been creating ruckus over alleged help extended to former indian premier league chief lalit modi by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, and on the vyapam scam in madhya pradesh in which over 40 people have died under mysterious circumstances and the supreme court has handed over the probe to the cbi.
the congress party is demanding the resignations of swaraj, raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan before allowing parliament to function smoothly.
aicc meet next month before rahul's elevationnew delhi, august 24, 2015, dhns: 1:13 istthe congress is likely to convene a meeting of the all india congress committee (aicc) next month before the elevation of rahul gandhi as its president.
according to congress sources, the meeting is necessary to put the aiccs seal on minor changes to revive the active-membership criterion of the party.
a business session of the aicc could be convened next month to pass a single-line amendment to the party constitution, a senior party leader said.
earlier this year, the congress working committee decided to amend the party constitution to reintroduce the primary- and active-membership criteria.
the other much-debated issue of reducing the tenure of the party president and the state unit chiefs from five to three years has, however, been shelved, the leader said.
another congress leader also made it clear that the september session would not discuss the transfer of power from the current president, sonia gandhi, to her son, who is now the vice-president.
as per the talks in congress circles, the transition could be seen during a plenary session which might be held in december, either in bengaluru or delhi.
meanwhile, rahul gandhi is travelling from one state to another to rejuvenate the party cadres who have been demoralised following the partys shocking defeat in the lok sabha election last year.
the party is trying to mobilise support by targetting the narendra modi government over issues like amendments to the land acquisition law, though with not much success.
it faced defeat in the recent civic elections in madhya pradesh and rajasthan despite putting up a strong protest against the modi government over the lalitgate controversy and vyapam corruption issue.
rahul gandhi led a serious charge by the congress against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lalitgate controversy while sonia gandhi displayed an unprecedented aggressive gesture at the centre after a number of her party mps were suspended by the lok sabha speaker.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj meets ex-diplomats on pakistan linenew delhi, jan 04, 2016, dhns: 0:58 istforeign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and foreign secretary s jaishankar on sunday met several top retired diplomats for a consultation on what would be indias best strategy to deal with pakistan on the diplomatic front.
the meeting was attended by s k lambah, g parthasarathy, shyam saran, shivshankar menon, satyabrata paul, sharad sabharwal and t c a raghavan besides the minister of state for external affairs gen v k singh (rtd).
though the engagement was scheduled much before, it assumes renewed significance in the wake of the terror strike on the indian air force base in pathankot.
the external affairs ministers meeting with former diplomats was prefixed and the government has not yet considered the option of calling off the dialogue.
a decision would be taken after assessing the extent of pakistans role, government sources said.
operations continuing at pathankot.
immediate focus is on resolving situation.
it would be premature to say anything more at this point, tweeted vikas swarup, the spokesperson for the ministry of external affairs.
following prime minister narendra modis unprecedented visit to lahore to have an informal discussion with his counterpart nawaz sharif, the two foreign secretaries are to meet on january 15 to decide on the contours of the dialogue process.
modis visit was the first by an indian prime minister to pakistan in more than a decade after atal bihari vajpayee.
behave, speaker tells mps ahead of winter sessionnew delhi, nov 24, 2015, dhns: 1:40 istanticipating a stormy winter session of parliament from november 26, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan wrote a letter to all members, saying she expected acceptable decorum from them in the house as many times decency is thrown to the winds following difference of opinion over issues.
she said it was not unusual to have differences of opinion in a democracy at any platform of ideas.
up to this, it is fine, she said.
but at times, beyond the agreements and disagreements, decency is thrown to the winds which leads to a situation of deadlock.
in that situation, there is a negative impact on all of us, on the entire country.
a thought came to me that at least we should talk to each other and i should express my feelings to you, she wrote.
mahajan appeared to be alluding to the last monsoon session of parliament which was a complete washout following a stalemate over the oppositions demand for removal of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over various controversies.
amid the bedlam, the speaker had to suspend 25 of the 44 congress members for five days for disrupting the house.
the speaker said in her letter that in every aspect of life, everybody expects decent and moral behaviour from each other.
as speaker, can i expect that in lok sabha, which we call the temple of democracy, we all will show behaviour as per the acceptable decorum so that the prestige and purity is upheld?
pm hands over bangladesh liberation war honour to vajpayeenew delhi, jun 11, 2015 (pti) 14:08 istprime minister narendra modi today handed over the bangladesh liberation war honour to ailing bjp leader atal bihari vajpayee.
modi visited vajpayee's residence here and handed over the award to the former prime minister's foster daughter namita bhattacharya and her husband ranjan bhattacharya.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was present on the occasion.
bangladesh has conferred its prestigious liberation war honour on vajpayee for his active role in its independence struggle and consolidating friendship with india.
modi had received the honour on behalf of vajpayee during his recent visit to bangladesh.
visited atal ji & was delighted to hand over the bangladesh liberation war honour to his family, the prime minister tweeted.
new delhi, april 10, 2015 (ians) 7:35 istindia has ended its massive evacuation efforts of its nationals in yemen, pulling out 5,600 people, including 4,640 indians and 960 nationals from 41 countries, the government said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: the evacuation operation from yemen is over.
general v.k. singh is returning tonight.
we are closing our embassy there.
earlier the external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin tweeted that india concluded its evacuation efforts in sana'a by airlifting over 630 people by three special air india flights from the yemeni capital.
akbaruddin said the security situation in yemen has deteriorated further with a bomb blast at aden port on thursday.
india completes its air evacuations from sana'a.
the total no.
of indians evacuated from sana'a by air has crossed 2,900 by 18 special flights since the beginning of the air operations, he tweeted.
indian naval vessels have also evacuated over 1,670 indians from aden, al hudaydah and al mukalla ports in yemen since 31 march, he wrote.
indian naval ship ins sumitra evacuated 349 persons, including 46 indians and 303 foreign nationals from al hudaydah port on april 9, he said.
ed should probe jaitley: kirti azadnew delhi, june 23, 2015, dhns: 1:37 istformer india cricketer and bjp mp kirti azad has demanded a probe against union finance minister arun jaitley and other bcci members for foreign exchange violations during the ipl t20 season two league.
the lalitgate appears to have opened old fissures within the bjp since the row engulfed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasudnhra raje for helping disgraced former ipl commissioner lalit modi in availing british travel documents.
azad went on air on sunday to publicly criticise jaitley days after he came out in support of sushma.
why the #ipl mess reminds me of alibaba and forty thieves, was one of his loaded tweets, which was re-posted by lalit modi.
earlier in his tweets, the mp from bihar, had blamed steen ke saap (traitors) within the party responsible for the controversy blowing out of proportion.
another party mp, shatrghan sinha had seconded his views while supporting sushma.
jaitley, not willing to comment on the controversy on sunday, had in the past too declined to entertain a question wanting to know whom azad was pointing at by using the hindi phrase.
but, jaitley, who is official tour of the united states, insisted in washinton that lalit modi's rs 11 crore transaction with raje's son dushyant singh was a commercial one.
the growing chasm among the party leaders, an offshoot of the scandal, is playing out publicly for the first time since narenda modi became prime minister in may 2014.
he, however, backed both sushmaswaraj and raje ignoring the oppositions demand seeking action against the two women.
the bjp on monday reiterated its blanket support for raje.
i assured her (raje) that the central government and the bjp stand strongly with her, union transport minister nitin gadkari said in jaipur after meeting her.
bsr cong to merge with bjpbellary/bangalore, march 5, 2014, dhns: 0:25 istthe bsr congress led by former minister b sriramulu is all set to be merged with the bjp.
this was announced by sriramulu, who had launched the party following a split with the bjp about a year ago, while addressing reporters after a meeting with party workers in bellary on wednesday.
he said the decision was taken to ensure the bjp wins the lok sabha elections and gujarat chief minister narendra modi becomes the prime minister.
defending his decision to quit the party and to rejoin now, sriramulu said: my self-respect was at stake when the lokayukta report on illegal mining indicted me and it was inevitable for me to quit the bjp and launch a regional party.
he said as per his astrologers suggestions, he put his self-respect aside, in view of development of the country, and approached the bjp, seeking the merger.
he said the senior leaders including sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh, arun jaitley and nitin gadkari, state leaders jagadish shettar and others have agreed for the merger.
in bangalore, former chief minister jagadish shettar said it was a matter of time before the formalities of the merger are continued.
he said the bellary seat would be offered to sriramulu once the merger process is completed.
the bsr congress had four members in the assembly.
post merger the strength of the bjp in the assembly would increase to 48.
state bjp leaders to take up merger of bsr congress with delhi bossesbangalore, mar 12, 2014, dhns: 3:14 istthe state bjp leaders are planning to discuss the merger of b sriramulus bsr congress with the party at a meeting with the central leadership in new delhi.
they will also take up the issue of re-inducting b s yeddyurappas loyalists into the party fold.
party state president pralhad joshi, yeddyurappa and other leaders left for the national capital on wednesday evening.
the party central election committee is scheduled to meet on thursday morning, where it will consider the state units recommendation of candidates for eight lok sabha constituencies.
the party has already announced candidates for 20 constituencies in the state.
speaking to reporters, joshi said the central leadership would take a decision on sriramulus proposal for merger of his party with the bjp.
the state unit has no objection, he said.
senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj had openly opposed the merger.
the party has kept the bellary seat open for sriramulu.
tejaswini joins bjpformer congress mp and television journalist tejaswini sriramesh joined the bjp on wednesday.
tejaswini, a vokkaliga, had created a stir in the 2004 lok sabha elections by defeating former prime minister h d deve gowda in the erstwhile kanakapura constituency.
she was inducted into the bjp by party president pralhad joshi.
she lost both the 2009 lok sabha elections as well as the 2013 assembly elections.
she had made it to parliament when d k shivakumar had vigorously campaigned for her.
more than the campaign, jd(s) leader h d deve gowda contesting from two constituencies  hassan and kanakapura  had actually helped her win in 2004.
speaking to reporters, tejaswini said she quit the congress as it was saying one thing and doing something else.
ruling out contesting in the coming lok sabha election, tejaswini said she would campaign for the bjp.
she said she believed the partys prime ministerial candidate narendra modi had decisive leadership qualities.
sushma proposes 6-point templatebeijing, feb 1, 2015, pti: 0:57 iston her maiden visit to china, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday proposed a six-point template to broad-base sino-india engagement with an action-oriented approach to usher in an asian century.
addressing an india-china media forum here, swaraj proposed that the two countries should follow an action-oriented approach, broad-base bilateral engagement, converge common, regional and global interests, develop new areas of cooperation, expand strategic communication, and fulfil common aspirations to usher in an asian century.
she added that modi has already had three meeting with chinese president xi jinping, and also met premier li keqiang.
they contribute to the maintenance of peace and tranquillity therea perquisite to and for the further development of our relationship.
on the boundary question, my government is committed to an early settlement, she said.
the minister said she would attend the russia, india, china foreign ministers meet on monday.
tourism is an effective vehicle to promote people-to-people understanding, and the two countries agreed that we need to make stronger efforts in that regard, she said, adding that the cultural exchange initiative that was agreed upon during xis visit is currently under way.
bjp, cong spar over lalit modi tweetsnew delhi, jun 26, 2015 (pti) 14:09 iston the back foot in the row over its leaders' purported help to lalit modi, bjp today alleged links between the former ipl boss and the gandhi family as it pointed to claims by him of running into priyanka gandhi in london.
bjp, which charged that it was these links which had prevented modi's extradition under upa rule, demanded that congress president sonia gandhi make a statement on the matter.
that invited a sharp attack from the opposition, which said that lalit modi's tweets were a case of chhota modi helping bada modi (prime minister narendra modi) through lies.
seeking to turn the tables on congress, bjp spokesperson sambit patra said, today's big revelation is the fact that lalit modi had met the gandhi family.
only yesterday he met priyanka gandhi and robert vadra.
why have they met him?
let me categorically put today that the issue is about lalit modi and gandhi family.
.
.
bjp demands sonia gandhi make a statement why the gandhi family has been in touch with lalit modi all these years.
patra further claimed that the then finance minister p chidambaram did not want lalit modi's extradition from britain despite the fact that uk was ready for extradition.
who was preventing them?
the gandhi family, he alleged.
the matter starts and ends at the door of 10, janpath.
but lashing out at bjp over the charges, congress said that running into anybody in a restaurant was not a crime and that lalit modi was working at the behest of bjp to divert attention to non-issues.
congress's chief spokesperson randeep surjewala said that bjp should tell its black money stooges to not rely on red-herrings to divert attention from the issue.
the government must answer to the people about the allegations against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, he added.
i can say with full responsibility that neither priyanka gandhi nor robert vadra ever interacted with lalit modi socially.
if you see somebody in a restaurant, it is not a crime.
'chhota modi' is helping 'bada modi' with lies.
it is a diversionary tactic of bjp to turn the attention towards non-issues.
the government should speak about real issues and not hide behind lalit modi, surjewala told reporters.
lalit modi had last night tweeted, happy to meet the gandhi family.
.
.
in london.
i had run into robert and priyanka separately.
reiterating his party's demand for the sacking of swaraj and raje, surjewala said they had helped a fugitive accused of fraud of gigantic proportions.
sushma to take up driver's case with saudi authoritiesnew delhi, mar 23, 2016, dhns 1:22 istindia has decided to take up the case of a karnataka-based driver with the authorities in saudi arabia after a video of his heart-rending appeal for help alleging mistreatment by his employer went viral on the internet.
abdul sattar makandar, 35, had migrated to saudi arabia about two years ago but allegedly faced harassment from his employers.
his ordeal took a turn for the worse as saudi officials objected to the video and arrested makandar.
he was released only after a human rights activist, kundan srivastava, who had posted the video on the internet, deleted it and apologised for the same.
however, makandar was re-arrested soon after his release.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received a report on the matter from the indian embassy in saudi arabia, including a comprehensive reply from the company.
please let us handle this matter at the diplomatic level, swaraj tweeted.
saudi arabia has strict laws to prevent spreading misinformation through social media and makandar had violated the same.
i have been in saudi arabia for the last 23 months.
i had applied for leave to go home five months ago.
but my employer is not letting me go home.
.
.
my employer has not given me salary, neither has he given me money for food, makandar said in the video.
makandars employers  the al suroor united group  have rejected the charges.
in a response to the bbc, the company said all workers were entitled to leave after two years service and that makandar was six weeks away from this.
'india,china should devise code of conduct for boundary issue'beijing, may 15, 2015 (pti) 9:46 istthe boundary dispute between india and china has become a conundrum affecting bilateral ties and both countries should work out a code of conduct if the issue is not resolved in the near future, according to an article published in the state-run newspaper today.
as prime minister narendra modi holds talk with the chinese leadership, it also noted that there is a lack of mutual strategic trust between the two rapidly emerging asian powers.
in the article in global times, y a liu zongy, assistant research fellow of shanghai institutes for international studies said, the boundary disputes are a conundrum in the bilateral relationship.
if it can't be solved at an earlier date, the two sides should more closely stick to the code of conduct they reached before.
during her china trip in january, indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had proposed that both sides should think out of the box for solutions to the border issue.
it is not clear what such solutions are but we hope border contention will not affect the bilateral cooperation, it said.
realising regional security, including the stability in afghanistan and the security in the indian ocean, requires concerted efforts from both china and india, it said.
modi's victory in the country's general elections last may has injected enormous confidence into india's economic development as well as offering hope to the us, japan and other nations attempting to take advantage of new delhi to contain china, it said.
new delhi also holds an ambiguous attitude toward china's one belt, one road initiative, the article said, referring to the silk road economic belt and the 21st century maritime silk road, and other regional economic cooperation plans.
there is indeed competition and a lack of mutual strategic trust between the two rapidly emerging asian powers.
over the past year, india, under the modi administration, has become a star on the world stage, it said.
though it joined the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) as a founding member, there are suspicions among some indian scholars that the bank will serve as an instrument of chinese foreign and strategic policy, it said.
india longs for economic integration in asia.
however, it is reluctant to see china acting as the single leader in the region but expects to share the role.
it is a long-term task for the two sides to establish mutual strategic trust, but political resolutions of powerful leaders will inevitably accelerate this process, it said.
pm to focus on economic diplomacy at envoys' meetnew delhi, jan 31, 2015, dhns: 1:27 istindian envoys abroad to work for 'make in india'prime minister narendra modi will ask indias envoys abroad to focus on economic diplomacy to help the government woo investors and turn the make in india campaign into a success.
as all the heads of indias diplomatic missions around the world are set to assemble in a conclave here next week, modi is likely to utilise the opportunity to brief them about his governments foreign policy priority and immediate focus on restoring confidence of foreign investors and augment foreign capital inflow to spur growth in manufacturing.
this is the first heads of mission conference the ministry of external affairs is holding after the change of regime in new delhi.
apart from the prime minister himself, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh and minister of state (independent charge) nirmala sitharaman are expected to address the high commissioners and ambassadors who represent new delhi around the world.
ajit doval, national security advisor to the prime minister and the foreign secretary s jaishankar are also expected to address the envoys during the conclave.
while the recent unceremonious removal of sujatha singh from the office of the foreign secretary is unlikely to be formally discussed during the conclave, sources told deccan herald that the prime minister would try to drive home the point that the performance of the diplomats posted abroad would be assessed on the basis of their success in contributing to the economic agenda of his government.
sources said the prime minister may ask the diplomats to extensively canvass his governments recent endeavours  like, ordinances promulgated to ease and fast-track land acquisition, raising limit of foreign capital in insurance sector from 26  to 49  and making it mandatory to auction coal blocks  to make it easier for foreign companies to invest in india.
after brief mystery, sushmaswaraj back on twitter as 'foreign minister'new delhi, july 22, 2015 (ians) 19:07 istis she quitting?
social media was agog with speculation that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may be thinking of quitting over the lalit modi episode after she deleted 'foreign minister, government of india' from her twitter bio.
the bio was back on wednesday afternoon.
sushma swaraj, who tweets from the handle @sushmaswaraj, had apparently deleted the words 'foreign minister, government of india', from her handle some time after her name was linked with former ipl commissioner lalit modi, who is accused of financial impropriety.
sushma swaraj has admitted to helping modi with travel documents to go from britain, where he is now staying, to portugal for treatment of his cancer-stricken wife.
modi has been charged by the enforcement directorate with alleged corruption and is wanted for questioning in india.
he has been staying in britain since 2010.
according to sources in the external affairs ministry, sushmaswaraj swaraj may have deleted the words because she wanted to keep the twitter handle as a personal one, and not as an official one.
she deleted the words after the lalit modi controversy erupted, the sources told ians.
sushma swaraj has been making several personal comments on twitter after the lalit modi episode broke out, including taking potshots at a media personality.
the minister would not have been able to make personal comments from an official twitter handle, was the argument in official circles.
however, by late wednesday afternoon, the bio was back.
ok.
sushma swaraj is reappointed as india's foreign minister in twitter, commented one twitter user.
why did sushmaswaraj swaraj remove foreign minister from her twitter bio ?
pm modi will handle kya ?
wid the no.
of foreign tours, its feasible!
contemplated another.
on wednesday morning, she tweeted: a senior congress leader was pressing me hard to give diplomatic passport to the coal scam accused santosh bagrodia.
i will disclose name of the leader on the floor of the house.
on tuesday, she had tweeted: i am ready for a debate today itself.
i asked shri arun jaitley to convey this to rajya sabha.
shri arun jaitley has conveyed this to the house.
we are looking forward to the opposition's response.
the government has ruled out her resignation or of others in the line of the opposition fire.
new delhi: dec 21, 2015, dhns 0:57 istbritish actor orlando bloom was deported to the uk soon after his arrival here as his e-visa had been rejected, following which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj came to his help to get a visa.
the 38-year-old actor, who was invited by the uttar pradesh government for a state event, was told after he landed here on saturday by a 1.
30 am flight that his e-visa has been rejected and subsequently, he was deported by 4 am flight, according to sources.
sushma intervenesfollowing this, former samajwadi party leader amar singh spoke to sushmaswaraj seeking her intervention in the matter, they said.
tatkal visathe minister asked the foreign secretary to speak to the indian high commissioner in london to issue a tatkal (urgent) visa to the british actor so that he could attend the state function, the sources said.
following the direction, the actor was granted visa.
he is expected to fly back here.
though the reason for rejecting e-visa was not known, it is learnt that it was due to technical reasons.
the british actor rose to fame after his performance in the lord of the rings trilogy.
his best-known roles include legolas in the lord of the rings and hobbit trilogies, will turner in the pirates of the caribbean series, paris in troy, and balian de ibelin in kingdom of heaven.
as per the itinerary, the actor plans visit to taj mahal in agra.
bsy holds legal fire, but aims political gunlast updated: 23 january, 2011new delhi/bangalore, jan 23, dhns: 10:09 istcm not to move hc against governorsenior bjp leaders and mps from karnataka will meet president pratibha patil on monday to seek the recall of governor h r bhardwaj even as beleaguered chief minister b s yeddyurappa said he would not question in the high court the governor's decision sanctioning prosecution against him.
i am not going to approach the high court, yeddyurappa told reporters in delhi after holding confabulations with senior party leadership and legal luminaries after two lawyers filed criminal complaints against him and his family members on various allegations of land scam in a bangalore court.
private complaint has been lodged (against him in a bangalore court).
let us see what will happen, yeddyurappa said adding, i will initiate legal battle and have full faith in the judiciary and will come out clean and prove my innocence.
the strategy is to prolong the legal process against the chief minister to buy time while upping the ante against the governor by seeking his recall, party sources said.
states special representative in delhi, v dhananjay kumar, told deccan herald over telephone that the party will wait till all cases are filed in the special court against the chief minister.
an appropriate decision will be taken on challenging the governors order after consulting legal experts.
after reaching delhi on sunday, the chief minister met senior party leader arun jaitley, senior counsel satyapal jain and ram jethmalani to discuss how to proceed with the private complaint filed against him in the bangalore city civil court.
a high-profile party delegation, which is set to call on the president monday morning, will seek the governors recall by arguing that bhardwaj was trying to destabilise the party-government in karnatakaveteran bjp leader l k advani, opposition leaders in lok sabha and rajya sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, respectively, all 19 bjp lower house members and five upper house members from the state and state unit president k s eshwarappa will be on the delegation to meet the president.
however, yeddyurappa, who returned to bangalore late sunday evening, will not be part of the delegation as he wanted to be available for discussion in bangalore with his team to initiate legal battle over the sanction accorded by the governor.
the delegation will submit a memorandum, including newspapers clippings, in which the governor was said to have given interviews claiming he was a loyal congressman, sources close to the chief minister said.
the reason for the lengthy memorandum was to prove our charge that the governor acted at the behest of the congress and the jd(s), bjp sources said.
the cm will again be coming to delhi on tuesday to meet the party national president chief nitin gadkari after the latter's return from his five-day china visit.
the chief minister, who has declined to quit , asserted that he would fight till the end to prove that he did not commit any offence and would complete his five-year term.
the twin cases - the charges of land grabbing and de-notification (freeing from government control) by the chief minister - are slated to come up for hearing monday on their admissibility in the special court of judge c.b. hipparagi.
besides yeddyurappa, his two sons -- b.y. raghavendra, a lok sabha member from shimoga, and b.y. vijayendra, his son-in-law r.n. sohan kumar, former bjp minister s.n. krishnaiah setty and dhavalagiri property developers ltd, partly owned by his kin, have been named co-accused along with other close associates in the cases against the cm.
before leaving for bangalore, the chief minister reiterated that he will not quit and fight against all charges.
kateel, joshi in race for bjp state president postbangalore, jan 5, 2013 dhns: 22:54 istthe bjp is likely to get a new state president next week.
incumbent k s eshwarappa completed his three-year term in last december.
party sources said the final decision on the appointment of the new president will be taken by the party central leadership soon.
party general secretary pralhad joshi and mangalore lok sabha constituency nalin kumar kateel have been shortlisted for the post, the sources said.
the core committee of the bjp, which met on saturday finalised a three-phase pre-election campaign from january 20 to march 3.
joshi said the party would embark on a door-to-door campaign to highlight the achievements of the government from january 20 to 27, hold booth level party workers conventions in all 224 assembly constituencies from january 28 to february 10 and state-wide tours between february 17 and march 3.
five teams each led by shettar, ashoka, eshwarappa, ananth kumar, and sadananda gowda will criss-cross the state, joshi said.
senior leaders including l k advani, gujarat chief minister narendra modi, rajnath singh, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj will campaign in at least 50 centres in the state, joshi said.
a mammoth rally will be held in bangalore on march 3 and as many as five lakh people are likely to participate in the convention, he added.
asked whether there would be a new president for the party, he did not offer a direct reply except saying the question would get a reply in the next couple of days.
when his attention was drawn to the deadline set by yeddyurappa to oust the shettar government, joshi sarcastically said: his deadlines would coincide with the elections.
four times he had set different deadlines.
he would continue to issue till the elections are declared.
he said that those ministers who openly identified with the kjp have already faced the consequences.
and, some of the mlas who attended the kjp convention at haveri, later told shettar and eshwarappa that they had attended it due to pressure from the kjp, he said.
bjp tells k'taka rebels to shun differencesnew delhi, jun 28, 2012, dhns : 1:08 istthe bjp top brass on thursday sternly told warring factions in partys karnataka unit to sink their differences till presidential poll is over next month.
the party core committee, comprising senior leaders, met here to discuss the presidential elections scheduled on july 19, did not formally discuss the karnataka political developments.
at the end of the meeting, chaired by party president nitin gadkari and attended by other senior leaders, including l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley, ananth kumar and murali manohar joshi, one of the participants tried to raise the karnataka issue.
however, he was told by others that the issue should not be taken up till the completion of the presidential elections, fearing it would divert the attention.
after the core committee meeting, ananth kumar told reporters that the meeting discussed only presidential poll and karnataka issue did not come up.
however, gadkari briefly discussed karnataka developments with senior leaders arun jaitley and ananth kumar and karnatakas party general secretary dharmendra pradhan.
though what exactly transpired at the meeting is not known, sources said that leaders have decided to issue stern instruction to state leaders to adhere to the party discipline and not to hold any meetings or issue public statements.
interestingly, gowda, who had planned to rush to national capital along with 12 of his trusted ministers in a charted plane on thursday afternoon, was forced to abort following advice by national leaders.
dismissing the theory of possible replacement of gowda immediately, the sources said that the chief minister pressed panic button and was rushing to delhi to present his case.
he was not summoned by the party top brass, the sources added.
however, they said that the national leaders are seized with the dissident activities in the state unit and will work out a solution soon.
state unit president k s eshwarappa, who landed here in the evening, on his way to uttarkhand tour on friday, met dharmendra pradhan late in the night and explained the current political situation.
however, eshwarappa did not meet gadkari as the latter left for nagpur after the meeting.
speaking to reporters, eshwarappa said there is no change of guard in the state and sadananda gowda will continue as the chief minister.
terming media reports that gowda will be replaced with rural development minister jagadish shettar or himself, he said it was mere a speculation and there is no truth in it.
bangkok, jun 27, 2015 (pti) 18:51 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today arrived here for the 16th world sanskrit conference beginning tomorrow in which over 600 scholars from 60 countries will participate.
she will also co-chair india-thailand joint commission meeting during which the countries will sign a double taxation avoidance treaty and exchange instruments of ratification on the extradition treaty signed between them in 2013.
while swaraj will be the guest of honour during the inaugural ceremony of 16th world conference tomorrow, human resource development minister smriti irani will attend its concluding ceremony on july 2.
swaraj, the guest of honour at the event, will deliver her speech in sanskrit.
the two countries will also sign an mou on establishment of nalanda university.
a significant development during swaraj's two-day visit here will be the signing of an mou on the establishment of an ayurveda chair in one of the thai universities.
during the visit, swaraj will also meet indian business leaders and hold interaction with academicians.
she will have an audience with princess maha chakri sirindhorn, a scholar of sanskrit and royal patron of the world sanskrit conference.
on monday, swaraj will call on the thai political leadership.
she will meet deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of thai government gen tanasak patimapragorn.
on her arrival here, swaraj was received by chalit manityakul, ambassador of thailand, and senior officials from ministry of foreign affairs of thailand.
coinciding with the conference, doordarshan will launch a weekly news programme in sanskrit in india.
promotion of sanskrit has been a focus area of the nda government ever since it came to power in 2014.
bjp, cong trade graft chargesnew delhi, july 22, 2015, dhns: 1:06 istopposition insists on resignation of sushmaparliamentary proceedings took a hit on wednesday as congress and the bjp trade charges and counter-charges of corruption by their respective leaders.
congress turned up the heat on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping fugitive lalit modi get travel documents in the uk and stalled both houses of parliament while demanding her ouster.
they also demanded the resignations of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan in the lalitgate and vyapam cases respectively.
the modi government flatly rejected the opposition demand for swarajs resignation and dared the opposition to cite any law violated by her in trying to help lalit modi.
swaraj set the tone for the governments aggressive posture by an early morning tweet claiming that a congress leader had pressed her to give diplomatic passport to former union minister santosh bagrodia, an accused in the upas coal block allocation scam.
the rajya sabha also witnessed a verbal duel between finance minister arun jaitley and cpm leader sitaram yechury over the discussion on the series of scams involving the government.
jaitley contended that vyapam cannot be discussed in parliament as it was an issue concerning a state.
he was countered by bsp supremo mayawati who claimed that vyapam was a national issue.
yechury insisted that deaths related to the vyapam scam had also occurred outside madhya pradesh and hence could be discussed.
jaitley dared the opposition leader to start a discussion on lalitgate and declared that swaraj was prepared to make a statement in the matter.
indian officials were in constant touch with australian authoritiesnew delhi, dec 16, 2014, dhns 1:46 isthostage situationindia was in touch with australia ever since a gunman took employees and customers at lindt chocolat cafe in sydney captive on monday.
the government heaved a sigh of relief when authorities in new south wales conveyed to consul general of india in sydney, sanjay sudhir, that the indians among the hostages had come out of the cafe unhurt.
the consulate general of india in sydney was evacuated during the siege as it is located just 400 metres away from the cafe.
sudhir and others at the mission were in touch with authorities of the new south wales province regarding the evolving situation throughout the day.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to indias high commissioner to australia, biren nanda, who was in regular contact with senior officials of the federal government in canberra.
prime minister narendra modi led the nation in condemning the siege.
the incident in sydney is disturbing.
such acts are inhuman and deeply unfortunate, he tweeted early on monday, adding, i pray for everyones safety.
modi was in sydney last month and he addressed a congregation of about 20,000 indians living in australia in a rally at allphones arena in the city.
the scene of the siege has many indian establishments in the vicinity, like branches of state bank of india and bank of baroda, as well as office of the india tourism.
the consulate general of india in sydney has set up a helpline for indians in australia and india to enquire about the safety of their family and friends.
as a preventive measure in accordance with the local requirements, we have evacuated the staff from the sydney consulate building, because it is located about 300-400 metres away from where this incident took place, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs (mea), syed akbaruddin, told journalists here.
the officials of the consulate, however, continued to work.
the mea told that indias deputy counsel general in sydney vinod bahade and deputy high commissioner surinder datta could be reached on phone.
chandy, sushmaswaraj worked in tandemshemin joy, new delhi, july 5, 2014, dhns: 2:40 isthours before the media got a hint of the imminent evacuation of the kerala nurses from strife-torn iraq, chief minister oommen chandy on thursday night walked into kerala house here with a smile that no one could decipher.
though he betrayed no strain, mediapersons gathered there speculated about the possible fallout on his political career if things went wrong.
but chandy was a relieved man.
he did not tell the waiting media why he was tension-free in that hour of crisis.
by then, he had a definite word from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the good news that the modalities of evacuation had been worked out in coordination with the contacts in the middle east.
chandy had already struck a chord with swaraj in his first meeting and their concerted efforts had ensured victory.
swaraj was facing her first crisis as external affairs minister, and with the approaching budget session of parliament, it would have been difficult for her and the government to tackle criticism in case of a slip-up.
the chief minister flew to delhi on wednesday night and held a series of discussions with swaraj in two days, exerting pressure for the early evacuation of the nurses.
chandy was regularly updated on developments by the minister and senior officials.
chandy also knew that a prolonged crisis and some harm to the nurses would have put him in a spot.
his detractors inside and outside the congress would bay for his blood.
moreover, adding to his stress was the fact that out of 46 nurses, 17 were from his home district and he personally knew many of their families.
it was not just the nurses who rang him up from iraq or their parents, but their relatives too who made calls.
everyone looked up to him for an early resolution.
with assurances from the negotiators in the middle east and external affairs ministry officials, a tired chandy caught up with sleep a bit early at 10 pm on thursday, only to be woken up around midnight with calls from the nurses and their families.
the calls ended around 5 am with chandy patiently giving his assurance without letting out many details.
how can i avoid these calls at midnight?
they had their worries though i knew there was nothing to worry, chandy told an aide on friday morning as news trickled in that the nurses would be freed.
as he walked into the conference hall of kerala house to address the media for a second time on friday afternoon, chandy was all smiles and confident, accepting sweets from leaders of the nurses association.
india conveys its concerns to us over military sales to paknew delhi, jul 22, 2015 (pti) 18:57 istnew delhi has conveyed its concerns to the us over sale of missiles and attack helicopters to pakistan, saying it must take into account indo-us ties and the impact on india's security before firming up such supplies.
most recently, we have noted that the us state department made a determination approving possible foreign military sales to pakistan of ah-1z viper attack helicopters and agm-114r hellfire ii missiles and associated equipment, parts, training and logistical support for an estimated cost of usd 952 million.
government has sensitised the us of our concerns on us military sales to pakistan.
in april, the us approved sale of usd 952 million worth of attack helicopters, missiles and other defence equipment to pakistan to help the country with its counter-terrorism operations, but said the deal would not alter the military balance in the region.
safety of indians abroad 'priority' for modi govt: swarajpress trust of india, new delhi, jun 5 2017, 23:09 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she said experts had claimed that india's foreign policy towards the gulf would suffer after modi took charge, but west asia is the only region new delhi shares a great equation with.
when we came to power, all experts in one voice said that west asia would go off india's foreign policy radar.
they thought it comprised mostly muslim-populated countries and it would not be modi's priority.
she also referred to modi's visit to saudi arabia last year, where he was conferred with the highest civilian honour by the country's monarch, and abu dhabi's crown prince mohammed bin zayed al nahyan as the chief guest at the republic day function to highlight india's deep relations with gulf countries.
both these countries share close relations with pakistan.
swaraj also credited modi for making india's relations with the gulf countries very good, which helped the ministry bring back its citizens at the time of crisis in yemen.
it is this effective diplomacy of india due to which we share good relations with both the countries.
similarly, israel and palestine are locked in a decades- long struggle, but we publicly say this and i have also said this in parliament that israel is our friend, but we will not let down the palestinian cause, the minister said.
swaraj gave another example of turkey and cyprus, who share a long-pending territorial dispute, yet both enjoy good relations with india.
she said, turkey also shares good relations with pakistan and yet has a warm equation with india.
holding that indian diplomats are also playing a key role in government's flagship programmes like 'make in india', she claimed that there has been a rise in fdi by 37.
5 per cent in the first three years of the nda government when compared with the last three years of upa rule.
she said the number does not include people rescued in operation maitri, carried out during the 2015 nepal earthquake in which 1,05,000 people were brought back to india, and 28,000 who were rescued from saudi arabia.
'india should not fall into us, japan's trap to contain china'beijing, mar 12, 2017, (pti) 22:08 ist'india should not fall into us, japan's trap to contain china', says chinese media.
reuters file photoindia should not fall into the trap of the us and japan who are trying to use it to contain china, the official media said, underlining that such a move may make new delhi face more risks.
washington hopes to use new delhi to contain china in the indian ocean.
tokyo wishes to counter-balance china in the pacific ocean with the help of new delhi, an editorial in the chinese version of the state-run global times said.
all these seem to be strategic opportunities for india, but they are actually nothing more than traps.
once india falls into them, the country will become a pawn for the us and japan and will lose numerous opportunities while facing more risks, it said.
as a nation which sees itself as a major power, if india relies on external forces for its security, it will become more self-abased.
the best path for india's development is to be more open to its neighbours and join regional development programmes such as the belt and road (silk road) initiative, it said.
the asia-pacific security pattern seems to have entered a phase of uncertainty as the us seems to be increasing its military presence in the region though president donald trump's strategy for the region is yet to be made clear, it said.
nevertheless, it won't stop china's rise.
both china and india have the potential to play bigger roles in asia-pacific security, it said.
referring to reports that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state rex tillerson in their phone conversations have agreed to intensify defence and security cooperation, the editorial said that india seems to be wary about enlarging gap with china.
in addition, with the enlarging gap in its competition with china, new delhi seems to be increasingly wary of beijing's development.
with chinese railways, ports and hydroelectric projects extending to india's periphery, the country is haunted by its self-surmised china's besiegement, it said.
mutual trust between china and india is not only about how they perceive each other, but more about how they view themselves.
only when a country becomes more confident in its development and strength, and more active in providing the periphery with more opportunities, would it have broader strategic horizons, it said.
quite a few projects that china is involved in right now, including a number of initiatives in the indian ocean, are what a major power is obliged to do in order to integrate into economic globalisation, it said, adding they are based on mutual benefit.
if india changes its perspective, it will discover more opportunities rather than threats, it said.
new york, jul 7, 2015 (pti) 10:02 istasking prime minister narendra modi to break his silence over the lalit modi controversy, a senior congress leader has said that the principled opposition party would insist on forced accountability during the upcoming monsoon session of parliament.
we would like to warn the prime minister that if he, the bjp and rss feel that by stonewalling the justified demands of resignations of two of his cabinet colleagues and chief minister of rajasthan, who stand exposed and condemned, and by persisting with his obduracy the opposition would relent, he is sadly mistaken, deputy leader of opposition in rajya sabha, anand sharma told pti.
sharma is currently in new york, to attend a meeting of the international council of the socialist international, an umbrella organisation of 152 political parties across the world.
the congress party, as the principled opposition, will insist on forced accountability and the responsibility for adverse fallout would squarely lie on the door strop of prime minister modi, he claimed.
it is high time the prime minister.
.
.
breaks his 'maun vrat' (silence), on the issues that have surfaced in recent week, the former union minister said yesterday.
he was referring to the allegations made against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union human resources and development minister smriti irani, and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje scindia.
the prime minister's silence on grave charges of impropriety, dishonesty against his senior ministers and chief minister of rajasthan makes him complacent to the acts of omission and commission, sharma alleged.
it is high time that modi and bjp walk the talk, stop talking and take action, sharma said.
when asked about one year of performance of the modi government, sharma said it is a story of betrayal and broken promises.
a year after he came back riding on a tsunami of hopes, created by false hopes and dreams that he sold to the people is run-off, broken promises and betrayal of the people, especially of the farmers, the youth and the poor as is underscored by the policy priorities which has hurt india's weak and vulnerable people, sharma alleged.
hitting out further on modi, he said, globetrotting is no substitute for international engagement with gravitas and for statesmanship.
and he would be, i am told doing same in the coming months, for which hundreds of bjp and rss people are in los angeles to organise a big event in september, sharma claimed.
new delhi, dec 6, 2016, (pti) 21:42 ista bed-ridden egyptian woman weighing 500kg was today granted visa by indian embassy in cairo following intervention by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
36-year-old eman ahmed, a resident of port city of alexandria, was issued the medical visa hours after a mumbai- based bariatric surgeon requested swaraj to help the woman travel to india for her treatment.
thanks for bringing this to my notice.
we will definitely help her, swaraj tweeted in response to the request.
hours later, dr muffi lakdawala, who as per his twitter profile is also a philanthropist, tweeted that indian embassy in cairo granted visa to eman, a resident of alexandria.
embassy in cairo called visa granted.
thank you so much for this prompt response, impressed appreciate the help @sushmaswaraj, lakdawala said.
earlier, seeking swaraj's intervention, he had said eman weighs 500 kg and has been refused the visa.
ma'am , eman ahmed (egypt) 500kgs requested me 2 save her pls help me get her a medical visa as refused thru normal process @sushmaswaraj, he had tweeted.
eman's weight prevented her from pursuing her studies as she dropped out of school due to weight gain.
haj stampede: indian toll rises to 22new delhi, sep 26, 2015 (ians) 23:03 isteight more deaths of indian haj pilgrims were announced by the government on saturday, taking the toll to 22 in thursday's tragedy near makkah in saudi arabia.
the number of deaths going up was not ruled out with more bodies yet to be identified.
in the latest announcement, made on saturday evening, two haj pilgrims from kerala, and one each from jharkhand and karnataka were reported killed in the crush on thursday in mina, that has left at least 767 people dead.
thirteen indians were among the over 800 injured.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: the number of indian lives lost in haj stampede has now risen to 22.
some more bodies are to be identified.
we are facilitating visits of relatives of missing pilgrims and tour operators to the complex for identification, she said.
the two pilgrims from kerala were identified as zulfiqar abdul khalam and sajeev habib, the one from karnataka as abdul ghafoor kamal and the one from jharkhand as mohammed yasin miyan.
the toll till friday was 14.
on saturday morning, the external affairs ministry had announced four more deaths of indian pilgrims, taking the toll to 18.
our mission is working with saudi authorities and family members to confirm the identities of the deceased and expedite the formalities for release of the mortal remains, ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said in a statement.
of the four dead reported on saturday morning, two were from gujarat and one each from jharkhand and uttar pradesh.
the pilgrims from gujarat were hafijabahen satarsha diwan and syed abdul hussain.
the pilgrim from jharkhand was rasul ali, and from uttar pradesh, moinuddin.
according to the list of 14 dead announced on friday, nine were from gujarat, while two each belonged to jharkhand and tamil nadu and one was from maharashtra.
india, france discuss ways to tackle terrornew delhi, nov 21, 2015, dhns: 0:59 istfrench president francois hollande will travel to washington and moscow next week to seek support of president barack obama and vladimir putin on a united nations security council (unsc) resolution that france has moved, demanding stronger international action against the islamic state (is) that claimed the responsibility of the paris attack.
a resolution is discussed in the unsc for fighting is more strongly.
president hollande will be in washington on tuesday (nov 24) and moscow (nov 26), french foreign minister laurent fabius said here on friday.
the visiting french minister met prime minister narendra modi, who strongly condemned the terror attacks in paris.
modi also reiterated the importance that india attached to strategic partnership with france.
though fabius travelled to new delhi to lay the grounds for modis visit to the un climate summit in paris later this month, counter-terrorism cooperation was one of the key topics of discussion between the leaders in the backdrop of europes most severe terror strike in paris, which was followed by another terror attack in mali in west africa.
fabis discussed terrorism-related issues with modi as well as his counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj.
on the sidelines of the climate summit on november 30, modi and hollande may have a bilateral meeting, focusing on counter-terrorism cooperation.
in the wake of the attacks in paris, india has already raised its pitch seeking early adoption of the long-pending comprehensive convention against international terrorism by the united nations.
new delhi is of the view that the paris attacks should be a wake-up call for the us and other western nations to drop their selective approach in combating terrorism and seek more effective international cooperation in the fight.
france is grateful for the tremendous support it received from india, who knows what terrorism is, said fabius.
india-france joint working group on counter-terrorism last met in june 2014.
both sides now prepare for the next meeting.
asked if terrorists can be equated with freedom fighters, as claimed by some nations, the french foreign minister retorted: those people who say they are fighting for freedom peddle lies as they are murderers.
they want to kill everybody.
its not possible to negotiate with them.
we have to fight them.
prime minister modi and we are on the same page, he said.
advani, sushmaswaraj launch bjp campaign in karanatakaranebennur (karnataka), april 21 (ians) 11:41 istbjp leaders l. k advani and sushmaswaraj swaraj sunday launched the ruling party's campaign for the may 5 karnataka assembly with a scathing attack on central government's corruption and promising zero tolerance against graft.
advani addressed public meetings in this north karnataka town, about 350 km from bangalore, and in davangere in the central part of the state while sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke at a rally in the state capital.
both indirectly referred to corruption scandals that rocked the first three years of bharatiya janata party (bjp) rule in the state under then chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa and said the party has given scam-free administration in the last two years under his successors d.v. sadananda gowda and jagadish shettar.
advani told the ranebennur rally that bjp policy was zero tolerance against corruption in government and indiscipline in the party.
there was anxious time for nearly half-an-hour as advani's chopper did not land near the venue as scheduled and kept circling.
it landed around 20 km away as the pilot could not locate the helipad near the rally venue, police said.
in her address to the bangalore rally, sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted that the first bjp government in karnataka did work for the welfare of the people though infighting and scandals hurt the party.
she said sadananda gowda and shettar done the party proud by their work as chief ministers.
gowda was chief minister for less than a year from aug 2011.
shettar succeeded him in july last year and is the party's chief ministerial candidate.
both advani and sushmaswaraj swaraj said the congress-led united progressive alliance government at the centre was the most corrupt government they had seen.
she said that the upa had failed to curb terrorism and crime against women.
pm must introspect on parliament's functioning: congressnew delhi, dec 31, 2015, (ians): 14:26 istas prime minister narendra modi on thursday asked the congress to make a new year resolution to allow parliament to function, the opposition party hit back by asking him to introspect instead on the issue.
the prime minister should introspect the reason on account of which parliament is not functioning.
should he not examine the reasons instead of creating a false smoke screen?
has he forgotten the attitude of the bharatiya janata party between 2004 and 2014 in not allowing parliament to function?
congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala told media persons here.
modi asked the congress to adopt a resolution to allow parliament to function for the sake of the nation's development, adding that the party that ruled for six decades did not have the right to destroy its functioning for political reasons.
if the opposition has no right to speak, will modi-ji tell the people of india as to under what right parliament (functioning) was blocked by the bjp during the 10-year rule of the united progressive alliance government?
we believe the responsibility of running parliament is of the government and of championing the people's issues is that of the opposition.
the prime minister has given a complete go-by to constitutional norms, parliamentary values and democratic ideas, he added.
surjewala said: modi-ji only believes in his own branding, giving a complete go-by to the welfare of the poor.
we urge modi-ji and the bjp to take action against their own corrupt leaders.
he should remove madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan, rajasthan cm vasundhara raje, chhattisgarh cm raman singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and other tainted ministers and by all means let parliament function, the congress leader said.
cong attacks jaitley on commercial transaction remarknew delhi, jun 23, 2015 (pti) 18:46 istcong attacks jaitley on commercial transaction remarkcongress today remained unrelenting in its attack on finance minister arun jaitley over his alleged remark in the us that the deal between rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje's son and former ipl chief lalit modi was a commercial transaction.
his statement of clarification does not wash.
he did say what was published in all the newspapers.
.
.
.
it is a realisation that has come late after the damage has been done, senior congress leader anand sharma told reporters.
jaitley, however, has said that he never used such a word and that his words were misinterpreted.
i have never used such a word.
that is never part of my domain, jaitley told reporters when asked about opposition's allegations that his remarks that the loan given to dushyant singh by modi, the former ipl chief, was a commercial transaction, amounted to giving clean chit to the bjp mp.
that is clear misinterpretation of (what i said).
whatever various assessing authorities in india have to do, its their job.
they would continue to do that, jaitley said on the sidelines of a public event at the stanford university.
sharma insisted that the finance minister should have been more careful, restrained and balanced in his remarks as cases have been registered in the matter by the enforcement directorate, which is under his ministry and his comment would adversely affect the probe.
besides, the senior congress spokesman alleged that jaitley has also given clean chit to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj despite her act of gross impropriety.
the party had yesterday attacked jaitley with leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad saying, it is a clear-cut cover-up.
we charge the finance minister with influencing the ed probe in raje's son dushyant singh and lalit modi's case.
azad wondered as to what made the finance minister give a clean chit to raje's son and modi, when these shady transactions of converting ill-gotten black money were being probed.
swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league (ipl) became embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
swaraj leaves for new york for yoga day event at unnew delhi, jun 20 , 2015, pti: 12:53 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today left for new york where she is going to participate in the international yoga day event being organised by the indian mission at the united nations.
swaraj, who left by an early morning air india flight, tweeted, leaving for new york.
the international yoga day event will be attended by un secretary general ban ki-moon among others.
the united nations had in december last year declared june 21 as international yoga day.
the proposal had been mooted by prime minister narendra modi during his first address to the un general assembly in september last year.
swaraj is battling a controversy over helping scam-tainted former ipl chief lalit modi, who is facing money laundering and other charges, get travel papers in britain, with the opposition demanding her removal.
aam aadmi party activists today protested outside swaraj's residence here, demanding her resignation.
modi visit sees hopes of reviving pak tiesnew delhi: dec 27, 2015, dhns 0:56 istthe new year is likely to see india and pakistan make a fresh attempt to mend fences, with foreign secretaries of the two nations likely to meet in mid-january.
modis visit to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs residence in lahore on friday to attend his granddaughters wedding brought about a sense of goodwill between the two nations and new delhi is keen to build on it to move forward in its engagements with islamabad.
foreign secretaries of india and pakistan, s jaishankar and aizaz ahmad chaudhry respectively, will meet in islamabad on january 15 to hold parleys on modalities for dialogue between the two nations and schedule meetings of the top bureaucrats.
the foreign secretaries are expected to hold discussions on peace and security, confidence building measures and the issue of jammu & kashmir.
officials told deccan herald that indias home secretary and interior secretary of pakistan would discuss issues related to counter-terrorism and narcotics control.
defence secretaries would hold talks on the dispute over the siachen glacier.
surveyor general of india and additional secretary in the ministry of defence of pakistan would explore ways to narrow differences on sir creek.
water secretaries would hold talks on the dispute over wullar barrage and tulbul project.
the commerce secretary of india and his pakistan counterpart would hold parleys on economic and commercial cooperation.
on december 9, india and pakistan agreed to restart the bilateral dialogue after a two-year hiatus.
national security advisor ajit doval and his counterpart naseer khan janjua will also continue to hold talks on all issues related to terrorism.
new delhi is of the view that involvement of janjua, a retired lt general of pakistan army, in the dialogue would ensure that the powerful military establishment of pakistan would also remain onboard.
congress defends virbhadra; accuses bjp of vindictive politicsnew delhi: september 27, 2015, dhns 1:15 istthe congress on saturday rallied behind himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh following cbi raids on his residence here and in shimla in a disproportionate assets case.
the opposition party accused the modi government of vindictive politics and terrorising its leaders into cooperating in parliament, particularly in rajya sabha where the nda is in minority.
assam chief minister tarun gogoi and the whole of himachal pradesh council of ministers and leaders from other states released statements condemning the cbi action on the day when singhs daughter was getting married.
in delhi, senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad said the income tax case on singh was pending before the income tax appellate tribunal and a pil was also pending before the delhi high court.
what is strange is that instead of waiting for the decision of the delhi high court, cbi has proceeded to register a preliminary enquiry and now conducting raids, azad, also the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, told reporters here.
hitting out at the government, he said these fascist tendencies are the very anti-thesis of healthy democracy.
the judiciary should rise to the occasion, azad said adding that the government was trying to paralyse the fourth estate and the opposition by browbeating them.
azad also wondered why the bjp government did not take a similarly stern action against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in lalitgate affair.
mercy plea to be filed to save 2 indians from gallows in qatarnew delhi, jan 9, 2017, (pti) 16:51 istgovernment has decided to file a mercy petition on behalf of family members of two men from tamil nadu who were awarded death penalty by qatar's supreme court for allegedly murdering a woman four years ago.
i have received report from qatar reg death sentence for alagappa subramaniam and chelladurai perumal both from tamil nadu.
we have to file mercy petition on behalf of their family members.
our embassy has requested govt of tamil nadu in this regard, swaraj tweeted.
the court recently had rejected a plea by the indian embassy to overturn the death penalty awarded to the duo, both in their 40s, but commuted the life term awarded to the third accused, sivakumar arasan to 15 years' jail term.
while subramaniam hails from villupuram, perumal is a resident of virudhunagar in tamil nadu who had gone to the gulf country for greener pastures.
congress mla from tamil nadu's nanguneri constituency, h vasanthakumar, had recently written a letter to prime minister narendra modi and swaraj, seeking their urgent intervention in saving subramaniam and perumal.
the mla requested modi and swaraj to take up the case with the ruler of qatar.
if these indian nationals were not released and send back to india safely, i will organise indefinite protest before the qatar embassy at delhi and qatar consulate at mumbai, he had said in the letter.
the then chief minister j jayalalithaa last year had sanctioned rs 9.
5 lakh to take care of the expenses for filing the appeal in the supreme court.
centre is making basic changes in indo-pak ties: congnew delhi: dec 07, 2015, dhns: 2:27 ista day after the national security advisors (nsas) of india and pakistan met in thailand, the congress on monday accused the centre of making a fundamental departure in new delhis position on indo-pak ties.
the party also sought a clarification on the matter from prime minister narendra modi.
raising the issue in the rajya sabha, deputy leader of congress in the upper house anand sharma demanded the prime minister to clarify on india's engagement with pakistan and take parliament and the opposition into confidence on the direction and the roadmap that the government has in mind.
i have given a notice under rule 267 so that the prime minister and his government can inform the house about the developments and the reasons which have made the government to make a fundamental departure from the position as was conveyed to this august house in the last session with regard to indias engagement with pakistan, he said.
with modi meeting his pakistani counterpart on the sidelines of the paris climate summit last week, sharma said, we did expect that he would take parliament and leaders of opposition into confidence about the direction and the roadmap that the government has in mind.
sharma said, since external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is going to islamabad, we wanted to know what understanding was reached between prime minister modi and pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif.
sharma also said he had no objection on the meeting between the nsas.
the congress leader said the fact that foreign secretaries have accompanied the nsas means that the scope and the agenda has been expanded and wanted the government to explain before parliament the developments.
jd(u) mp k c tyagi, too, demanded the government to declare its position on kashmir.
responding to him, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the external affairs minister will make a statement on december 10.
govt softens under pressurenew delhi, aug 06, 2015, dhns: 1:22 istunable to break the deadlock that is impeding legislative business in the monsoon session, the nda government now wants the congress to appeal to lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan to rescind her order of suspending 25 mps.
till now, other opposition parties have been mediating to ensure that the suspended congress mps are back in lower house but a senior minister said it can happen only when the party requests the speaker, who had suspended them on monday for five days for protesting in the well of the house with placards.
it is only after that the government might move a motion for withdrawal of their suspension.
however, the congress appears to be defiant and unwilling to budge from its stand of resignation first and discussion later on controversies surrounding union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhra raje.
having tasted the blood after forcing the government to withdraw contentious clauses from the land acquisition bill, the congress is also threatening not to allow passage of the goods and services tax bill which is crucial for the economys revival.
the government is apprehensive that the congress mps, after returning, might resort to the same tactics of disrupting the house.
it said it would be willing to help out congress if it committed to not disrupt the proceedings.
naidu, prasad appealnot for the government or the bjp, please do a favour to the country.
allow legislations to be taken up in both houses.
don't stall them.
.
.
opposition should leave politics aside for the country's sake and take it forward by allowing parliament to function, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said in an appeal.
he also showered praises on prime minister narendra modi, describing him as god's gift to the nation and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who he called a national asset.
the government was also left frustrated by the impasse as was reflected in the words of telecom minister ravi shankar prasad who told reporters that all negotiations have failed because of the congresss rigid stand.
the congress has not left any position for give and take.
even they have to give something too for negotiations for bringing normalcy in parliament, prasad said.
he also requested the congress to introspect, reconsider and indulge in some soul searching over what kind of image they want to portray.
sushma justifies move to restart indo-pak dialoguenew delhi, dec 14, 2015, dhns: 1:47 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday justified the governments decision to restart the stalled india-pakistan dialogue.
she said it did not reflect any flip-flop in foreign policy, as pausing and resuming bilateral parleys were a part of diplomacy.
five days after meeting her pakistani counterpart sartaj aziz in islamabad and announcing resumption of the dialogue, sushmaswaraj delivered a statement in both houses of parliament, explaining the circumstances leading to the resumption of the dialogue after a hiatus of two years.
she declined to commit that the comprehensive bilateral dialogueas the parleys would be called after resumptionwould be uninterruptible but noted that new delhi would try not to be provoked by the saboteurs who would seek to stop the talks.
war with pak not an option, talks to end terror: swarajnew delhi, dec 16, 2015 (pti) 14:50 istdeclaring that war is not an option, india today said it had decided to hold dialogue with pakistan as it is the only way to remove the shadow of terrorism.
we said we can talk so that terrorism comes to an end.
so talks (between nsas) took place in bangkok where we discussed about terrorism.
but one meeting will not bring a solution to all the problem.
so we will continue the dialogue, she said during question hour.
we have decided that through talks we will resolve the issue of terrorism as talks is the way forward so that the shadow of terror is removed.
but we want to make it clear, our prime minister has made it clear that talks and terror can't go together.
dialogue is drowned by the sound of explosion, she said.
swaraj was speaking against the backdrop of recent decision to re-start the 'comprehensive' dialogue with pakistan under which various subjects, including terrorism and jammu and kashmir, will be discussed.
the external affairs minister said modi had said there was a need for talks to resolve the issue of terrorism.
the prime minister said let's talk on terror.
for talks we will have to put in faith.
there is no third party.
through talks, both the countries are trying to resolve the issue of terrorism, she said.
they held candid and constructive discussions.
during my recent visit to pakistan on december 8-9, the two sides decided that the nsas will continue to address all issues connected to terrorism.
the indian side was assured of the steps being taken to expedite the early conclusion of the mumbai trial, she said.
the external affairs minister said india will continue to take all necessary steps to safeguard the nation's security and safety of all citizens.
and bilaterally with several countries, including all p-5 countries in joint working groups on counter terrorism.
she said the prime minister had raised the issue of the comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) which has been pending in the united nations for adoption since 1996.
the prime minister has also discussed about the ccit with several world leaders.
it is heartening that now we are getting support from many countries and we are hopeful that the ccit resolution would be adopted in the un soon, she said.
ccit, a global treaty proposed by india in 1996, aims to ban terrorists and make it binding for countries to deny funds and safe haven to them.
as a result of the government's consistent pursuit of the matter, several individuals including hafiz saeed and entities including lashkar-e-taiba and jamaat-ud-dawaa have been listed under the relevant provisions of the unsc resolution no.
1267 which deals with al qaeda and related organisations, she said.
she said pakistan had arrested the suspects for perpetrating the mumbai terrorist attack of 2008 and a trial is underway in pakistan in this regard.
india, myanmar decide to broadbase defence, security co-opnnew delhi, july 16, 2015 (pti) 18:59 istresolving to fight the scourge of terrorism and insurgent activities, india and myanmar today decided to broadbase their defence and security cooperation to ensure peace along the 1,640-km-long border as new delhi expressed strong commitment to modernise the myanmarese armed forces.
over a month after indian army carried out a counter- insurgency strike along the indo-myanmar border, the joint consultative commission of the two countries delved extensively on having better coordination and cooperation between their security forces to deal with militant groups, particularly those from the northeast region.
co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her myanmarese counterpart wunna maung lwin, the jcc reviewed entire gamut of bilateral ties and also agreed to step up cooperation in border management and in sectors like petroleum, trade and commerce.
both leaders reiterated that territories of either country would not be allowed to be used for activities inimical to the other.
myanmar, considered one of india's strategic neighbours, shares a 1,640-km-long border with a number of northeastern states including militancy-hit nagaland and manipur.
pitching for closer cooperation in energy sector, the two leaders decided to encourage investment by indian companies in myanmar oil and gas sector, including in available blocks that are being offered for investment which have good prospects.
they also agreed to encourage investment by indian companies in the petroleum industry.
in the meeting, swaraj reaffirmed that india's commitment to support the modernisation of myanmar armed forces and conveyed that it would be happy to share its experience in functioning in a democratic environment, in creating a national army, cooperation in the field of it, in dealing with emerging security challenges, and military to military cooperation including in terms of training.
she also expressed india's commitment to cooperate with myanmar in building a professional and capable myanmar navy to safeguard and ensure its maritime security.
both ministers reaffirmed their shared commitment to fight the scourge of terrorism and insurgent activity in all its forms and manifestations.
they emphasised the need for enhanced cooperation between security forces and border guarding agencies for securing peace, security and stability in the border areas which is crucial for overall development, a joint statement said.
in this context, the two leaders welcomed regular meetings of the bilateral regional border committee which promotes such cooperation and understanding for better border management.
the joint statement said india and myanmar had entered a new phase in their bilateral relations where, as a result of myanmar's political and economic reforms and the rising growth and rapid economic and technological transformation, they had achieved commendable progress in their efforts to further strengthen the friendly ties.
referring to the ongoing discussions between the two sides on maritime security, the two ministers agreed that maritime security cooperation in bay of bengal is vital for both countries.
noting that a sound border management is an intrinsic part of maintaining border security, they agreed that negotiations should be conducted to enable early conclusion of an mou on movement of people across the land border.
they reiterated their determination to resolve the issue of unsettled boundary pillars in all sectors.
it was agreed that first meeting of the india-myanmar joint boundary working group, with a mandate to address all outstanding boundary issues, would be held in new delhi at the earliest.
the two ministers agreed that a joint visit at a senior official level would be arranged to the india-myanmar border in nagaland sector.
swaraj and lwin discussed possible opportunities for joint ventures in myanmar in the power sector, particularly hydro-electric power.
the two sides agreed that there has been untapped potential for greater trade and decided to encourage investments by indian companies in areas like ports, power, agro-industries, forest products, mining, construction industry, consumer goods, highways, oil and gas, plantation, manufacturing, hospitality and ict in myanmar.
both sides agreed that the ministries concerned would work towards expeditious signing of the mou on capacity building between the reserve bank of india and the central bank of myanmar, the statement said.
the myanmar side took note of the proposal made by indian side to consider granting licence to an indian bank to open a branch in myanmar.
the ministers directed authorities concerned to finalise the modalities of operation so that trade can take place through border haats immediately.
the two ministers emphasised the importance of enhancing connectivity and expressed satisfaction at the steady progress being made on the kaladan multi-modal transit transport project connecting mizoram to sittwe port in myanmar.
they also reviewed the upgrading of the kalewa-yargi road section of the trilateral highway connecting moreh in manipur to mae sot in thailand through myanmar as well as construction of 69 bridges and approach roads on the tamu-kalewa section.
the ministers agreed to take steps to further enhance the existing air connectivity by encouraging regular commercial fights among india, myanmar and the rest of south east asia.
they also agreed that signing of the mou to establish a direct imphal-mandalay bus service would be in mutual interest.
trial runs of the bus service from imphal to mandalay may take place in the coming months.
identifying the need for special focus in bordering areas, the two ministers agreed to enhance cooperation to bring about overall socio-economic development undertaking infrastructure development and micro-economic projects, including upgrade of roads and construction of schools.
row over sushmaswaraj help to lalit modi for travelnew delhi, june 15, 2015, dhns 1:26 istminister took uk mp's aid to get documentsexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj landed in trouble on sunday following a report that accused her of influencing british authorities and labour mp keith vaz to provide travel documents to fugitive former ipl chairman lalit modi.
the controversy started after british media, based on a leaked email, reported that sushmaswaraj had spoken to high commissioner to india james bevan and indian-origin parliamentarian keith vaz to push lalit modis case for getting travel documents.
leaked correspondence reveals how vaz cited sushmaswaraj swaraj, indias foreign minister, to the home office in an effort to expedite the case of lalit modi, a mutual acquaintance.
.
.
.
, revealed london-based the sunday times.
sushma was unfazed by the criticism and issued an exhaustive and candid reply to charges against her.
she admitted to reaching out to the british high commissioner and vaz after lalit spoke to her sometime in july 2014 seeking british immigration help for travelling to portugal to sign consent papers so that his wife suffering from cancer undergoes surgery on august 4.
she accepted recommending to the diplomat to examine lalits request within their rules saying, if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi - that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
the minister, in her clarification, said the former cricket administrator had told her that the uk government wanted to clear her request, but was restrained by a upa government communication that insisted giving lalit travel papers will spoil indo-uk relations.
i genuinely believe that in a situation such as this, giving emergency travel documents to an indian citizen cannot and should not spoil relations between the two countries, she emphasised in her rejoinder to opposition charges.
prime minister narendra modi, however, threw his weight behind sushmaswaraj while union home minister rajnath singh and bjp chief amit shah rushed to her defence.
ruling out the oppositions demand for sushmas resignation, both singh and shah agreed with the ministers explanation that she helped nri lalit modi on humanitarian view as he wanted to visit his ailing wife in portugal.
lalit modi was not helped the way warren anderson and ottavio quattrocchi were, amit shah said, hitting back at the congress which charged that the prime minister was helping his errant cabinet colleague.
the rss, too, was not convinced of the charges against her.
a few days ago, she stated that the delhi high court had quashed the upa governments order impounding lalits passport as the judges found that the previous manmohan singh regimes order was unconstitutional and violated fundamental rights.
accordingly, he got his passport back.
lalit modi has been on the run since 2010 and settled in london facing income tax and enforcement directorate inquires over his alleged involvement in money laundering and tax diversion after successfully launching ipl t20 cricket tournament.
the board of control for cricket in india, too, had handed him over a lifetime ban after he was found guilty of misconduct post the t20 tournament in south africa in 2009.
ex-ipl chief uses tv channels to air viewsnew delhi, june 18, 2015.
dhns 1:26 istdisgraced cricket administrator lalit modi used competing tv channels to air his version of events and about the nexus between him and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje  by granting the first interview from a picturesque locale in montenegro, off adriatic sea.
on tuesday night, india today tv's consulting editor rajdeep sardesai became the first journalist to interview modi about the the role of swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in helping him get treatment for his wife as well as immigrate to the uk.
but, on wednesday, modi cancelled his planned interviews to other indian journalists who were on their way to montenegro to interview him, saying he has been advised by his lawyers to stop talking to the indian media.
breaking news as media would put it - my uk lawyers have advised that no more interviews should be given as facts are being distorted, modi tweeted.
in absence of being able to bring quickly any liable claims in india if facts distorted  i should avoid interviews with indian networks, said another tweet.
modi then went on to name the journalists who were scheduled to interview him.
as a build-up to attract maximum number of eyeballs to watch him, modi had on monday declared a full-blown 'war' against his detractors, warning them of sensational disclosures saying it was his 'turn to get everything out.
' he also assured everyone that a 'storm was about to hit' and that 'the games have just begun' in a series of tweets.
in the interview with rajdeep sardesai, modi talked about various issues concerning this controversy.
modi agreed that he has made a phone call to swaraj.
he said documents revealed he would have got his residency in the uk way back in may 2012.
but it was delayed on account of the congress-led upa government.
modi also said he had the original papers signed by vasundhara raje in support of his immigration, and said raje was by the side of his wife when she underwent treatment for cancer in his absence.
raje and sushmaswaraj supported me when my wife was sick, modi said.
however, raje denied having written a witness statement recommending modis case for a stay in the uk.
in the interview, modi held that the upa government was against him and it went after him as part of political vendetta.
former finance minister p chidambaram had tried to use his clout to get him deported, he added.
san francisco, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 12:27 istgovernment will play by the rule book and make sure that absolute standards of probity are maintained, finance minister arun jaitley today said as the opposition continued its attack over the lalit modi controversy.
jaitley also said there is no question at all about the government going on the back foot on this issue, as it has done nothing wrong.
the government will play by the rule book and we will make sure that the absolute standards of probity are maintained, jaitley told pti in an interview here.
asked whether the controversy was creating an impression that some leaders of the ruling party and the government were siding with corrupt people, jaitley said, there is no question at all.
to a question on the opposition planning to disrupt the monsoon session of parliament on the lalit modi issue, jaitley said parliament is meant to discuss and not to disrupt business.
we are willing to have a discussion on any subject that the opposition wants, he said.
the finance minister also said that the reforms can even take place outside parliament, but its smooth functioning was important for many other reasons.
there are also some legislative reforms for which parliament must function, he said.
under attack from the opposition, jaitley had yesterday said the authorities would continue to do their job in probing the matter.
rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj have been facing flak for allegedly helping former ipl commissioner lalit modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league (ipl) got embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
dushyant singh, raje's son, has also been under attack over reports that his company received rs 11.
63 crore in investments from modi in 2008.
congress has accused jaitley of doing a clear-cut cover-up on the entire issue and of influencing the enforcement directorate (ed) probe in dushyant singh and modi's case.
india needs to be central to what the trump administration does in south and central asia, us secretary of state mike pompeo told the lawmakers today, asserting that india ought to be one of america's closet partners.
for scores of reasons, india needs to be central to what we do.
specific issues -- south central asia issues, southeast asia issues.
they ought to be one of our closest partners and we ought to do everything we can to make sure that we achieve that, he told the members of the senate foreign relations committee.
pompeo was responding to questions from senator chris coons from delaware about how to further strengthen the us-india relationship.
mr secretary, if you would like to say anything about how we can work with this most populous democracy, a potential strategic partner to strengthen that relationship, i'll make that my last question, coons asked.
he said sustaining a strategic dialogue with india was something that would enjoy strong support here.
pompeo responded that, defense secretary (james) mattis and i will jointly meet with our indian counterparts in a dialogue that the two countries have had.
i don't know that the date's been set but we're looking to do it.
i think it's set this summer, very important.
pompeo and mattis are expected to host their indian counterparts -- external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defense minister nirmala sitharaman -- sometime this summer for the inaugural 2+2 dialogue.
the decision about this was taken when prime minister narendra modi was hosted by president donald trump at the white house on june 26 last year.
the us-india relationship enjoys bipartisan support in the us congress.
early this week, a top us state department official said the trump administration supports india's emergence as a leading global power and as a key partner in the indo-pacific region.
the us-india partnership is rooted in shared democratic values and a commitment to a rules-based order.
we support india's emergence as a leading global power and as a key partner in our efforts to ensure that the indo-pacific is a region of peace, stability and growing prosperity, state department spokesperson heather nauert had said.
nepal lauds modi's role in helping quake-hit peoplekathmandu, june 25, 2015, (pti) 14:44 istnepal today thanked india for its tremendous assistance and lauded prime minister narendra modi for playing an important role in ensuring that the quake-hit country gets back on its feet as soon as possible.
nepal's appreciation for prime minister modi was conveyed by president ram baran yadav to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she called on him here.
the president was very appreciative of the tremendous assistance that india has rendered to nepal in its hour of crisis.
he specifically mentioned about the important role prime minister narendra modi has personally played in ensuring that nepal gets back on its feet as soon as possible, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
india had responded promptly after the quake struck nepal, dispatching a large number of rescue teams, doctors and disaster relief experts.
the indian air force and the army had also deployed helicopters and transport aircraft for rescue effort and to reach relief.
rescue workers from over 30 countries had come to nepal to help the people affected by the quake, the country's worst in more than 80 years, in which about 9,000 people were killed.
swaraj made the announcement during an international donors conference organised by the nepalese government to raise funds for reconstruction programmes.
in the meeting with yadav, the external affairs minister conveyed to him that that there was no need to thank india as it had offered its assistance as a neighbour.
she said in times of distress, it is the neighbour who comes first.
relatives and friends come later, swarup said.
swaraj had yesterday met prime minister sushil koirala during which she conveyed to him that india will provide all possible assistance to nepal.
govt takes tough view as more indians seek asylum abroadnew delhi: august 9, 2015, dhns 0:10 istat a time when 22 sikhs from india lodged in a jail in florida are on a hunger strike seeking refuge in united states, new delhi has said that self-seeking people demanding asylum abroad denigrate democratic systems in india.
even as influential us non-profit american civil liberties union sought washingtons intervention to end the fortnight-long hunger strike by the 22 sikhs at an immigration detention facility in south florida, prime minister narendra modis government in new delhi took a strong view about more and more people seeking asylum abroad, often claiming to be victims of religious and political persecution in india.
though foreign governments generally cite strict privacy and data protection laws to decline to share details about people seeking refuge, information collated by new delhi through its diplomatic missions worldwide revealed that united states, united kingdom, germany, japan and italy were among the top destinations of the asylum seekers from india.
the embassy of india in washington reported that american government provided refuge to persons who had either been persecuted or had a well-founded fear of persecution through two programmes  affirmative asylum for persons outside us and their immediate relatives and defensive asylum for persons already in the us and their immediate relatives.
according to a report released by us department of homeland security in august 2014, american government granted asylum to altogether 866 indians between 2011 and 2013.
besides, 966 others from india were also given the following-to-join asylees status granted to family members of a person already given asylum in the us.
the data about the number of affirmative asylees from india is not separately available.
the uk seems to be the second most attractive destination for asylum seekers from india, with altogether 2,750 people from the country requesting british government for refuge between 2012 and 2014.
only 54, however, succeeded in getting asylum though.
about 1,100 indian nationals applied for asylum in germany between 2005 and 2014, although german government did not release details citing privacy laws.
the pleas of 99 of altogether 153 indians seeking asylum were accepted in france.
altogether 100 indians sought asylum in italy in 2011, 2012 and 2013, whereas 190 from the country did so in austria.
besides, 515 indian nationals sought asylum in japan between 2012 and 2014.
new delhi, apr 26, 2015 (pti) 15:07 istfresh tremors were today felt in various parts of india, including the national capital delhi, even as the death toll in yesterday's temblor climbed to 57.
the fresh tremors, which had a magnitude of 6.
9 on the richter scale and epicentred in nepal, were experienced in west bengal, bihar, assam, jharkhand, odisha, uttarakhand, punjab, haryana, up and delhi for over 30 seconds at 12:42 pm.
no casualties or damage to property have been reported in the fresh tremors.
prime minister narendra modi has called a review meeting to take stock of the relief and rescue operations in the aftermath of the quake.
ndrf chief o p singh has rushed to nepal in order to coordinate operations of the indian rescue forces and local authorities in the quake-hit country.
singh will be joining the seven national disaster response force (ndrf) teams which have already landed in kathmandu.
in view of the aftershocks, all relief operations headed to kathmandu have been kept on hold till 4 pm.
the tremors, which triggered panic among the people, came a day after a devastating temblor killed over 2,000 people in nepal.
all movement to kathmandu kept on hold till 1600 hrs due to fresh tremors in nepal, defence ministry spokesperson sitanshu kar said.
indigo and spicejet flights did not land in kathmandu and returned as atc personnel at airport there were evacuated following aftershocks.
the toll in yesterday's disaster, meanwhile, climbed to 57, according to home ministry sources.
they said another 240 people have been injured in the quake.
government has announced a compensation of rs two lakh to the families of those who lost their lives in the powerful quake and stepped up relief efforts in the affected states.
fresh deaths were reported in bihar due to incidents of wall collapse after the quake.
in patna, disaster management department joint secretary sunil kumar told pti that the highest number of eight casualties have been reported from east champaran district, followed by six each in sitamarhi and darbhanga and three each in siwan, lakhisarai and araria districts.
there have been two deaths each in supaul, saharsa, sheohar, saran and madhubani districts even as katihar, west champaran and gaya districts recorded one casualty each, kumar said.
in uttar pradesh, the toll mounted 13 people with one more person succumbing to injuries in kushinagar, which was among badly affected district in the state.
so far, 550 indians have been evacuated by the iaf from quake-hit nepal.
since 10:40 pm last night, four iaf aircraft have landed from nepal with 546 indians on board.
the first aircraft to land was a c-130j with 55 passengers on board, including four infants, a defence spokesperson said today.
around midnight, a c-17 aircraft landed with 102 passengers which was followed by an il 76 with 152.
around 4 am, a c17 landed with 237 passengers, all who were evacuated following the massive earthquake that has claimed over 1800 lives.
air chief marshal arup raha said indian authorities have responded very proactively, very swiftly and i think every agency, every stakeholder in india who matters in providing humanitarian assistance and disaster relief operations in nepal in times of their need has been activated and the response has been exceptional.
today, we have planned to send 10 large bodied aircraft carrying loads of equipment of behalf of the army specially some of their field engineering companies, regiments.
.
.
one aircraft has already gone airborne and other aircraft is getting ready.
the operation will continue the whole day, he said.
india, which was the first to respond to the nepal crisis, is stepping up its mission with transport planes scheduled to carry equipment, relief material and specialists to nepal.
also on board with will the army forward hospitals.
national carrier air india has resumed its flights to quake-hit nepal with two services- one each from delhi and kolkata - leaving for kathmandu early this morning.
both the flights left around 7:30 am with 118 and 45 passengers on board each plane, an air india spokesperson said.
modi is himself monitoring the situation and has issued directives to ensure timely relief for those affected.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today called on prime minister of luxembourg xavier bettel and discussed ways to expand bilateral cooperation in trade and investment, space, digital india and people-to-people relationship.
swaraj, who arrived in luxembourg on the third leg of her four-nation tour yesterday, became the first external affairs minister from india to visit the european country.
ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted: business starts early!
eam @sushmaswaraj had a warm meeting with the prime minister of #luxembourg xavier bettel, a friend of india.
discussions focused on expanding cooperation in trade & investment, space, digital india and people-to-people relationship.
she also made a courtesy call on grand duke of luxembourg henri albert gabriel felix marie guillaume and exchanged views to further strengthen 70 years old diplomatic relationship between india and luxembourg, and impart an upward trajectory to our bilateral ties, kumar said.
swaraj then had a productive meeting with minister of foreign and european affairs of luxembourg jean asselborn.
the two leaders discussed cooperation in trade and investment, steel and space, and exchanged views on strengthening india-eu relations, kumar said.
india and luxembourg are celebrating 70 years of establishment of their diplomatic relations.
swaraj arrived in luxembourg for a two-day visit from france where she met the top french leadership and addressed the indian diaspora at a reception organised in her honour.
earlier, she had visited italy on the first leg of her tour.
on the last leg of her tour, swaraj will visit belgium from june 20-23.
new delhi, apr 14, 2016, (pti): 13:48 ista group of ministers set up to examine an election commission proposal to buy new evms has also been mandated to examine the feasibility of holding simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls in a bid to bring down the cost involved in the democratic exercise.
but at the first meeting of the gom headed by home minister rajnath singh, it was felt that the panel of ministers may not be the right forum to make recommendations on simultaneous polls, a senior government functionary said.
the gom may now first recommend possible ways to reduce the cost of buying new evms and then delve into the issue of whether to make recommendations on simultaneous polls, the functionary said.
the gom constituted recently, met for the first time on april 11.
its other members include law minister d v sadananda gowda, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state in pmo jitendra singh.
prime minister narendra modi had said during a meeting of bjp office-bearers on march 19 that state elections coupled with local-level polls, spread across virtually every year, often hinder the execution of welfare measures.
he was keen on simultaneous elections once in five years.
the government feels that while one-time cost in holding simultaneous polls would be high, but the exercise may bring down expenditure involved in 'election bandobast' such as deployment of central forces and polling personnel.
in december last, a parliamentary committee has made a strong pitch for holding of simultaneous assembly and lok sabha elections all over the country, suggesting that it can be done in the near future.
but most of the political parties which responded to the standing committees questionnaire have said the idea is a noble one but difficult to implement.
the committee does not feel that simultaneous election in every five year cannot be held in the near future but slowly it would reach in stages for which tenure of some of the state legislative assemblies need to be curtailed or extended, the standing committee on law and personnel said in its report 'feasibility of holding simultaneous elections to lok sabha and state legislative assemblies'.
while as per electoral law, elections can be held six months prior to the end of the term of a house, the term of the house cannot be extended except during proclamation of emergency.
the committee has recommended an alternative and practicable method of holding simultaneous elections which involves holding of polls in two phases.
the panel has envisaged holding of elections of some assemblies at midterm of lok sabha and remaining with the end of tenure of lok sabha.
it said the proposed first phase could be held in november, 2016.
elections to all state assemblies whose terms end prior to or after a time period of six months to one year from the appointed election date can be clubbed together.
the terms of some legislative assemblies may need to be extended while some of them may need to be curtailed, it said.
it admitted that gaining consensus of all political parties may be difficult in certain states.
the aiadmk has supported the idea in principle and so has the asom gana parishad.
the sad said it supports the idea but has doubts on certain issues like mandate delivering a hung assembly.
congress and trinamool congress have rejected the idea saying ideal as it may sound it is impractical and unworkable.
the ncp too said that the proposal is not feasible.
the cpi said the proposal looks ideal but there are practical problems such as need for mid-term polls.
the law commission in one of its reports presented the government in 1999 had also supported the idea of simultaneous polls.
the election commission had last year approached the government to buy nearly 14 lakh new electronic voting machines.
in its january 18 meeting, the expenditure finance committee headed by secretary expenditure in the finance ministry, gave in-principle approval for the purchase of 13,95,648 new balloting units and 9,30,432 control units at an estimated cost of rs 5,511.
48 crore between financial years 2015-16 and 2018-19.
sources in the government said an estimated rs 1,872 crore would be required in 2016-17 for the new evms, but final figures will be available when the ec issues tender.
the election commission wants to purchase new machines against the backdrop of over nine lakh such machines currently in use nearing end of their 15-year life.
the two government undertakings -- bharat electronics ltd, bengaluru and electronic corporation of india ltd, hyderabad will not be in a position to produce new evms in one go and would provide it to the commission in batches.
the machines ec gets in batches can be used in coming assembly polls and by the time the next lok sabha polls are due the delivery will be completed.
in a proposal sent to the law ministry, the commission had said that 9,30,430 evms in use today would become outdated between 2015-16 and 2019-20.
new delhi, jan 30, 2015 (pti) 19:15 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to china on a four-day visit tomorrow during which she will hold talks on issues of concern with her chinese counterpart wang yi and attend russia-india-china (ric) meeting.
swaraj will be accompanied by new foreign secretary s jaishankar among other senior ministry officials.
it will be jaishankar's first foreign trip after being appointed two days back, replacing sujatha singh whose tenure was abruptly curtailed.
jaishankar has served as india's ambassador to china for nearly four years before being appointed as ambassador to us in 2013.
during her trip, which comes within a week of us president barack obama's three-day visit here, swaraj will discuss bilateral, regional and global issues of concern to both sides with her chinese counterpart, mea has said.
the two sides will also explore the possibility of a visit by prime minister narendra modi later this year.
both chinese president xi jinping and wang had visited india last year immediately after the installation of the modi government.
noting that both sides attach great importance to swaraj's visit, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying had said in beijing that bilateral ties between the two largest developing countries and major emerging economies were progressing in a sound and stable way.
our cooperation has made some headway.
we are enhancing mutual political trust and practical cooperation in various fields.
we are in sound coordination and cooperation in regional and international issues, she said.
the external affairs minister will also attend the ric meeting with her chinese and russian counterparts.
the meeting was earlier scheduled to take place in august but swaraj cancelled her travel which was to take place just ahead of modi's visit to japan.
the visit by swaraj comes in the backdrop of china describing obama's visit here as superficial rapprochement while talking about differences between india and the us on various issues.
china's state-run xinhua news agency in a commentary, said, the shortened three-day visit is more symbolic than pragmatic, given the long-standing division between the two giants, which may be as huge as the distance between them.
during his visit, obama favoured a greater role for india in the asia pacific region which is seen as us' attempt to contain china's influence in the area including in the south china sea.
swaraj will also inaugurate the 2nd india-china high- level media forum and attend the launch of visit india year during her stay in beijing.
she will meet russian foreign minister sergei lavrov on the sidelines of the ric trilateral meeting.
cong disrupting house proceedings: govtnew delhi, aug 03, 2015, dhns: 23:40 istgrand old party hits back with barbs at prime ministersenior ministers in the narendra modi government on sunday accused the congress of adopting an obstructionist attitude to block key reforms, even as the government tries to break the logjam in parliament.
while finance minister arun jaitley accused the congress of playing a negative role in parliament, commerce minister nirmala sitharaman said the congress did not want discussion and was resorting to obstruction as it was scared the prime minister would expose them on the floor of the house.
senior congress leader anand sharma said it was abundantly clear by these ministers' unwarranted, uncharitable and provocative statements that the government was neither serious nor sincere in breaking the stalemate for parliament to function.
the blame of non-functioning of parliament lies squarely with the prime minister for his arrogance and obduracy, he said.
the verbal clash set the tone of an all-party meeting convened by the government on monday to find ways to end the logjam.
before this, the congress will discuss its strategy at a congress parliamentary party meeting, to be presided over by party chief sonia gandhi.
sitharaman said sonia would have to take the blame, if the monsoon session of parliament was completely washed out.
jaitley attacked the congress over gst bill, saying the points of dissent on the bill raised by the opposition party now were never supported by the upas finance ministers pranab mukherjee and p chidambaram.
jaitley pointed out that the bill was proposed by the erstwhile upa government in the 2006-07 budget and that it had accepted the changes suggested by the empowered committee and the standing committee.
the present government has not made any significant modification to the bill, except bringing consensus between manufacturing and consuming states.
the congress-ruled states have consistently supported the proposal.
is it only out of an obstructionist attitude that the congress has adopted a negative role?
he said in an article.
jaitley highlighted how the changes in the gst bill proposed by the congress would undermine it, saying: the congress and its leaders may be upset with the government for political reasons.
they may be upset with the electorate for the 2014 verdict.
the party should accept, after having ruled the country for the longest period, that negativism hurts the country.
he added that the congress' proposal to increase states' voting representation in the gst council from two-thirds to three-fourths would effectively reduce the centres voting power.
as a result, the states might deplete central revenues almost completely.
this is contrary to the decision chidambaram specifically took on april 30, 2013, he said.
jaitley also rejected the congress' proposal that electricity, tobacco products and alcohol for human consumption should be given the same treatment as petroleum in the gst bill, saying no upa finance minister mooted this proposal.
sitharaman, meanwhile, described congress as confused, and sought to drive a wedge into the opposition's unity, saying the party had pushed itself against the wall by demanding the resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan.
the only honourable exit for the congress was a debate on the issues in parliament, she added.
prime minister narendra modis visit to the us was, in more ways than one, a success.
he may not have brought with him anything tangible from america but has created a climate of confidence and won back washington which always looked at india with suspicion.
here is a person, who was denied a us visa, who was able to shame the us administration with speeches of friendship with america.
modi was able to formulate a joint statement with president barrack obama that goes farther than what his predecessors were able to achieve.
for the first time, an indian prime minister wrote a joint edit with the us president in an american newspaper.
this is a healthy practice which the indian media should follow.
however, in the process, modi has buried jawaharlal nehrus idea of non-alignment deep.
modi is a product of the capitalist world.
he has neither the pull of the nehru era of socialism, nor that of mahatama gandhis self-sufficiency.
modi wants the country to develop, whatever be the means and how big the economy may create a distance between the haves and the have-nots.
i, belonging to an era where the independence meant economic betterment of the lower half, do not understand or appreciate how a country which is poor can develop or give justice to the have-nots without moving towards the left.
i believe that the socialistic pattern of society which we chose was the right path and we should go back to it.
but modis good-worded speeches, which meant everything to everybody, may be pleasing to the ear.
he is, indeed, a forceful speaker.
but what do we do on ground is important.
take for example, the planning commission.
that it had become a parallel government is true.
but we should have removed the bureaucratic conflicts.
the planning for a country like ours has to be there to marshal the resources and distribute them equitably among the states.
the body needed to be put back on the track, not to pushed aside, as modi has done.
it is a pity that the left in the country has not grown in influence.
but this is because the communists do not understand the indians.
marx is important.
so is gandhi.
yet, in the communists politburo, you can see the photos of marx and engels, not that of gandhi or nehru who represented our independence struggle and sacrifices.
modi could have utilised the plan panel for the capitalist system which he preaches and follows.
but its abolition does not make sense.
many in the country praise modi for not mentioning kashmir when pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif had devoted 19 sentences, to quote a pakistani, to kashmir, never done before.
modi did not even mention kashmir in his speech.
this has gone down well in the country.
but by ignoring a problem, it does not disappear.
india has to discuss the problem peacefully, across the table, sooner or later because pakistan, besieged by several difficulties, finds support in the country.
ties with pakthe hurriyat, which seeks to represent kashmir, is acquiring fundamentalism and losing its appeal in india as well as among the democratic countries in the west.
the huriyat would have earned laurels if it had turned out syed ali shah gilani when he changed his pluralistic line and talked in parochial terms.
i agree with the reaction coming from across the border that we overacted when we cancelled the talks with pakistan after its high commissioner in india invited the hurriyat leaders.
such talks have been held before even when the hurriyat spoke about separatism.
but foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave a clear and categorical reply that the foreign secretary-level talks have been suspended.
she also explained that the government had changed and its policy was different.
i want to recall some instances of the past for modi and sushmaswaraj swaraj so that some continuity is visible in the policy followed then and now.
nawaz sharif summed up his talks with the late i k gujral years ago at male.
aap kashmir de nahi sakte, our hum aap se le nahi sakte (you cannot hand over kashmir to us and we are in no position to take it from you).
not only that, sharif confronted the army and entered into a time bound agreement with india to sort out the issue of kashmir.
its another matter that the army dismissed him and took over the reins of the country.
he had to undergo imprisonment of several months.
why should the same sharif devote 19 sentences to kashmir, the largest reference any pakistan leader has made at the un?
apparently, he has developed a vested interest in the prime ministers chair that he occupies.
the armed forces, inherent by anti-india sentiment, do not want a settlement with new delhi because the dispute is the raison dtre of its power in pakistan.
sharif, elected with the support of the military and the rightists remained tethered to secularism.
he wanted to prove that islam was not opposed to democracy or secularism which was equivalent to pluralism.
why has he changed?
or why he begs seeing which side is buttered.
he never compromised.
the wilderness has taught him a lesson.
in the us, modi was able to create an environment where the bjp has begun to count.
his priority for the saarc countries has also delineated the agenda for the government.
its good that he has dropped hostility towards pakistan.
now, it is time for the two countries to pick up the threads from where modis predecessor manmohan singh had left.
indian forced into marriage in pak returnsdh news service, new delhi, may 26 2017, 1:54 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj consoles uzma, an indian woman who was reportedly forced to marry a pakistani national, on her arrival in new delhi on thursday.
reutersan indian woman, who claimed that she was forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint earlier this month, returned home on thursday, following intervention by the indian high commission in islamabad.
uzma ahmeds return was possible after the islamabad high court ordered the pakistani administration to facilitate her travel to india.
the court also asked the police to accompany her up to the wagah border.
after crossing over, uzma expressed relief by touching indian soil.
she was later received at the ministry of external affairs in the national capital.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thanked the pakistani administration and judiciary for supporting uzma in her legal battle.
the minister also thanked justice mohsin akhtar kayani for considering the case on a humanitarian grounds without resorting to politics.
uzma broke down as she narrated her plight to the media.
pakistan is a well of death.
its easy to go there, but difficult to return.
i am happy to breath in india.
i am an orphan.
.
.
for the first time, i realise that my life is valuable, uzma said holding back tears.
in her twenties, uzma, who has a daughter from her earlier marriage, had travelled to pakistan earlier this month on a vacation.
tahir ali, a pakistani national, who reportedly met her in malaysia and fell in love with her, sponsored her visit.
uzma said ali forced her into marrying him on may 3 at a village in buner district of khyber-pakhtunkhwa province.
but after the marriage, she was harassed, intimidated and tortured.
it was a strange village, which was once ruled by the taliban.
everyone has multiple wives and guns at home.
it was very difficult to come out of that place, she said.
shanta kumar reminding bjp of raj dharma, says congressnew delhi, july 22, 2015, dhns: 0:58 istthe congress on wednesday seized upon bjp veteran shanta kumars letter bomb to hit back at the modi government over the lalitgate controversy and vyapam scam.
even shanta kumar is supporting our stance and is raising an important voice of introspection and is possibly reminding the bjp of raj dharma, aicc spokesman gaurav gogoi told reporters here.
he was referring to the bjp veterans letter to party president amit shah in which he said that issues like lalitgate and vyapam scam had eclipsed the achievements of the modi government.
from rajasthan to maharashtra, people started pointing fingers at us.
reports about madhya pradeshs vyapam scam made all of us bow our heads in shame, 80-year-old kumar, a former chief minister of himachal pradesh who currently represents kangra in the lok sabha, had said.
gogoi reiterated the demand for resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping former ipl boss lalit modi get british travel documents and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan for his alleged involvement in the vyapam scam.
i think it is time for the bjp to realise that when the opposition is raising these issues, it is not merely a disruption but an important issue which is finding resonance within their own party, gogoi said.
to questions on the alleged scams in water projects in assam and goa and the bjps allegations against uttarkhand chief minister harish rawat, he said the congress was not afraid of discussing these issues.
n korean minister comes callinganirban bhaumik, april 11, 2015, new delhi: 1:58 istindia and north korea will have a rare high-level engagement on monday when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will receive ri su yong, her counterpart from the reclusive communist nation, in new delhi.
ri will reach here on sunday on a two-day visit, which is going to be the first by a foreign minister of north korea ever since new delhi established its diplomatic relations with pyongyang in december 1973.
he will call on vice-president m hamid ansari on monday before holding a meeting with sushma.
the north korean foreign ministers rare visit to new delhi comes at a time when india is preparing for prime minister narendra modis maiden tour to south korea.
sources told deccan herald that ris visit to new delhi could be intended to re-assess indias stand on the issue of conflict between south and north korea ahead of modis proposed visit to seoul.
ri might also request sushmaswaraj to augment new delhis humanitarian assistance as well as its educational and cultural aid to pyongyang.
ri is also likely to explain north koreas stand on its nuclear programme, sources added.
indias external affairs minister and koreas foreign minister had last met at bandar seri begawan on june 30, 2013.
swarajs predecessor salman khurshid was in the capital of brunei darussalam to attend a meeting of the east asia summit and had a meeting with his north korean counterpart pak ui chun.
khurshid had conveyed to pak indias concerns over north koreas secret military ties with pakistan and rejected the communist countrys explanation that its nuclear posturing was intended to merely protect itself from us and south korea.
the visit of mukhtar abbas naqvi, the then minister of state for information and broadcasting, to pyongyang for a film festival in september 1998 was indias last formal high-level engagement with north korea, which is perceived by the international community as a rogue country for its controversial nuclear programme.
before that, the then vice-president shankar dayal sharma had visited north korea in april 1992.
a delegation of three members of indian parliament led by sitaram yechury of the communist party of india (marxist) visited north korea in july 2013 to attend elaborate celebrations marking the 60th anniversary of the armistice agreement to end the korean war.
sources said swaraj would reiterate new delhis view on the importance of maintaining peace and stability on the korean peninsula, including the objective of denuclearisation.
she would express concern over north koreas pursuit of nuclear weapons programme, which had been in violation of its international obligations and commitments, added officials in new delhi.
new delhi played host to south koreas president park geun-hye in january 2014.
during the visit, modis predecessor manmohan singh joined park to urge north korea to comply fully with its international obligations, including under the relevant united security council resolutions.
oct 19, 2014, dhns: 16:58 istbringing you key updates as counting progresses in haryana and maharashtra.
4:33 pm: congress accepts verdict in maharashtra and haryana with humility.
we hope parties forming govt will fulfil promises: sonia gandhi.
4:22 pm: we accept people's verdict.
congress will work hard on the ground to once again earn people's confidence: rahul4: 21 pm: ncp does not want to join the government.
no talks held with anybody so far: shah4: 17 pm: the largest party in a democracy has the right to form government: shah on ncp's offer of support in maharashtra.
4:08 pm: victory in haryana and maharashtra are two steps more in making india congress-free: bjp chief amit shah03: 45 pm: sushmaswaraj swaraj's sister vandana sharma wins safidon in haryana by just 135 votes03:18 pm: ncp offers outside support to bjp: praful patel03:10 pm: i hope the bjp and the shiv sena will come together, bjp leader advani said on sunday.
he also ruled ruled out an alliance with the nationalist congress party.
02: 38 pm: mim wins three, leading in fourth in maharashtra.
02: 34 pm: country's richest woman savitri jindal loses hisar by 13,646 votes.
01: 51 pm: maharashtra congress president manikrao thakre resigns following party drubbing in assembly polls01:30 pm: maharashtra will have a bjp chief minister: party president devendra fadnavis.
01:06 pm: haryana chief minister bhupinder singh hooda accepts defeat: this is the janadesh.
i accept this and wish well for the incoming government.
i hope that the new government will not let the pace of development in haryana to slow down.
12.
24 pm: shiv sena playing hardball.
whatever may happen, the next chief minister would be sena president uddhav thackeray, says party spokesperson and mp sanjay raut.
12.
21 pm: prithviraj chavan and bhoopinder singh hooda win polls.
11.
28 am: senior congress leader narayan rane loses from kudal constituency in maharashtra.
10.
38 am: bjp leading in almost 50 seats in haryana.
we will get two-thirds majority, says haryana bjp leader abhimanyu.
9.
42 am: shiv sena not our political opponent.
regret breaking up with it, says maharashtra bjp leader devendra fadnavis.
9.
19 am: bjp slowing down in maharashtra.
sweep unlikely.
may have to reach out for potential alliance partners.
but in haryana, it may form government on own.
congress is doing better than inld in that state.
8.
58 am: bjp way ahead in haryana, seems to be benefiting from the split in the jat votes.
congress and inld neck to neck.
8.
55 am: bjp way ahead in haryana, seems to be benefiting from the split in the jat votes.
congress and inld neck to neck.
8.
44 am: bjp upbeat.
leaders hopeful of forming party on their own in maharashtra.
shiv sena and congress trailing it from distance.
ncp hit badly.
8.
25 am: just a reminder - you can get results live by clicking on our poll icon above.
8.
24 am: bjp takes early lead.
8.
13 am: bjp gets a jump start in the race in maharashtra.
first lead in haryana goes to bjp8.
04 am: counting begins.
early trends should be out soon.
7.
55 am: exit polls project bjp as largest party in maha, haryana.
let's see if their prediction comes true today.
7.
40 am: bringing you the key updates as counting progresses in haryana and maharashtra.
india, china to hold border talks in delhi from tomorrowbeijing/new delhi, mar 22, 2015, pti: 13:23 istindia and china will hold the 18th round of border talks in delhi from tomorrow - the first round of negotiations after prime minister narendra modi came to power last year - where the two sides are expected to focus on clarification of the line of actual control (lac).
special representative and national security advisor ajit doval would hold talks with his chinese counterpart and state councillor yang jiechi amid hopes to clinch a solution under the strong leadership in both the countries.
the two-day talks is taking place in the backdrop of candid discussions between modi and chinese president xi jinping during latter's visit to delhi in september last year.
the high-profile visit was overshadowed by the intrusion of chinese troops at chumar in ladakh region.
it was resolved after simultaneous withdrawal by both sides after xi's visit.
the incident prompted modi to suggest xi that clarification of lac would greatly contribute efforts to maintain peace and tranquillity at the border where troops from both sides often assert their claims and counter-claims.
xi said there might be incidents like chumar as border is yet to be demarcated.
chinese officials say lac clarification could figure in this round of talks, which are being held in the backdrop expectations on both sides that since modi and xi have emerged as strong leaders, the two nations had a unique chance to strike a deal.
significantly, the talks are also being held ahead of modi's first visit to china expected to be before may end.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who visited china last month to make preparations for the prime minister's visit, spoke about the need for an out of the box solution on the border issue in order to not leave it for future generations.
chinese foreign minister wang yi had recently said china and india should do more to strengthen bilateral cooperation to clinch a final settlement of the boundary issue.
the dispute has been contained.
at the moment, the boundary negotiation is in the process of building up small positive developments, wang said ahead of the border talks.
showing its sensitivity on arunachal pradesh, china had recently strongly protested to india over prime minister modi's visit to the border state.
china says the border dispute is confined only to 2,000 kms mostly in arunachal pradesh whereas india asserts that the dispute covered the western side of the border spanning to about 4,000 kms, especially the aksai chin area annexed by china in 1962 war.
congress' rule likened to british regimelucknow, aug 14, 2015, (pti): 16:44 istbjp today likened the congress' rule in the country to the british regime, alleging the party had a notion that it will never get out of power, but with time the party lost power and became irrelevant.
union minister prakash javadekar attacking the opposition over washout of the monsoon session also described congress as anti-poor, anti-progress and and anti-democracy.
like british rule, congress had a notion that they will never get out of power, but with time they lost power in states and became irrelevent, javadekar here alleged.
congress agenda always veered around the nehru-gandhi family.
democracy is not in their nature, he further alleged.
the senior bjp leader also claimed said that congress had decided right from the beginning to stall the two houses.
the main reason was that congress was still unable to overcome their humiliating defeat in lok sabha elections.
congress created a balloon against external affiars minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but it deflated.
they tried to raise the issue of madhya pradesh (vyapam) and rajasthan (lalitgate), but failed in their attmpt, he said.
he said while congress cried foul over suspension of 25 mps from lok sabha, they got 125 mps unnecessarily arrested during emergency days and never apologised.
this we will tell the people.
congress is hell bent on destroying the country, he alleged.
the union minister also downplayed sp supremo mulayam singh yadav's sudden breaking ranks with congress in parliament and said it should not be seen through the prism of cbi probe into corruption charges against a former noida chief engineer.
finance minister arun jaitley has not given any clean chit (to chief engineer yadav singh).
if you see the footage in which the question was asked and the manner in which jaitley responded, its meaning will become clear, union environment and forest minister prakash javadeker told reporters here.
his comments came against the backdrop of uttar pradesh unit of bjp continuously alleging that the tainted chief engineer was patronised by both the previous bsp regime and current sp government.
javadekar was asked to comment on bjp launching a campaign against yadav singh after which a cbi inquiry was ordered and at the same time the finance minister not saying anything against yadav singh while lalitgate and vyapam issues were raised in parliament.
to a specific query whether the reply given by jaitley was in view of the equation in rajya sabha where nda does not have a majority, he said, all i will say is that cbi inquiry will be conducted impartially and those involved will be exposed.
javadekar said, i was there sitting next to him (jaitley).
it was asked that whether mulayam's u-turn was because of yadav singh episode.
then jaitely smiled and posed as to how it was related to mulayam.
debate on fdi likely from dec 4new delhi, nov 28, 2012, dhns: 1:25 istgovt prepares the ground by speaking to bjpparliament is likely to take up discussion on the controversial foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail from tuesday next.
the government wednesday held discussions with sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, leaders of the opposition in lok sabha and rajya sabha respectively, on the issue.
parliamentary affairs minister kamal nath conveyed to the two bjp leaders that the government was not averse to a debate entailing voting.
both sides stuck to their respective positions on fdi issue, while the bjp leaders insisted that the debate should be under rule 184 which requires voting.
nath informed them that the government would leave it to the presiding officers of the two houses to decide the mode of debate.
he later told reporters, presiding officers may take any decision in the interest of running parliament.
the upa government got a breather on tuesday after dmk veteran m karunanidhi announced his party, an ally of upa, would support the government to keep the bjp out of power.
it is also likely that the friendly upa partners such as sp and bsp will not vote against the government despite their opposition to fdi.
the left parties, bjp, bjd, aiadmk and tdp are some of the parties which have demanded voting after discussion.
nath, who also met lok sabha speaker meira kumar and rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari, made light of bjp criticism that the government wasted four days of the ongoing winter session of parliament to end the stalemate as it did not have the numbers.
from day one i have said we have the numbers, he shot back.
asked how an executive decision such as on fdi could be debated and probably put to vote in parliament, nath said: there are many precedents.
a house behaving like this was also not there.
rules are very clear.
we are not worried.
government is confident of the steps.
.
.
of our policies.
the minister said indian embassy is in touch with the victim, 55-year-old kashturi munirathinam.
we have taken this up with saudi authorities.
india has demanded that a case of attempted murder be lodged against the culprit.
the family of the woman, working as a domestic help in saudi arabia, has alleged that her right hand was chopped off by her employer when she tried to escape harassment and torture.
this is a very unfortunate and most condemnable incident.
our embassy in riyadh has taken up the matter with the saudi foreign office and asked for strict action in the matter and severe punishment for the sponsor.
we have also sought an independent probe in the incident and urged that a case of attempted murder be lodged against the sponsor so that he is punished, if found guilty as per law, the spokesperson in the external affairs ministry had said.
munirathinam is currently being looked after in a saudi hospital.
irani's degrees should be verified: modi's brother prahladghaziabad, jun 17, 2015, pti: 9:17 istprime minister narendra modi's younger brother prahlad today said educational qualifications of hrd minister smriti irani should be verified as being done in the case of former delhi law minister jitender singh tomar.
prahlad, vice-president of all india fair price shop dealers' federation (aifpsdf), said this while interacting with reporters here.
just as degrees of aap mla and former delhi minister jitender singh tomar are being verified, a probe should be carried out into union hrd minister smriti irani's degrees, he said.
aap and congress have been demanding the centre to probe the charges of false educational qualification against irani.
when asked about the row over help to tainted former ipl commissioner lalit modi by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for travel documents, prahlad said it was done on humanitarian grounds and the issue should not be unnecessarily hyped.
on the issue of blackmoney stashed abroad, he said, the central government is making all efforts.
blackmoney stashed in india is far more than that in foreign countries.
suggesting that lpg cylinders should be supplied through ration shops, the aifpsdf vice-president said, just as grocery is distributed from ration shops, lpg cylinders should also be supplied through them so that the income of such dealers increases and corruption gets checked.
new delhi: july 17, 2015, dhns 0:41 isttension escalates: srinagar may be targeted during eid-ul-fitrindia on thursday vowed to effectively and forcefully respond to repeated ceasefire violations by pakistan, as unprovoked firing by the neighbouring countrys armed forces along the border struck a jarring note less than a week after the prime ministers of the two nations agreed upon a roadmap of engagement.
new delhi stated that it would for now remain committed to the roadmap of engagement prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart m nawaz sharif agreed upon when they met at ufa in russia on july 10.
the government, however, also indicated that it would review its position in case pakistan rangers and army continued to flout truce along the line of control as well as the undisputed stretch of the border.
defence minister manohar parrikar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh had a meeting to review the situation.
prime ministers national security advisor ajit doval, defence secretary g mohan kumar, home secretary l c goyal and foreign secretary s jaishankar also attended the meeting.
doval also had a meeting with bsf director general d k pathak.
the government later said that the army and border security force had been asked to give a befitting response to unprovoked firing by the armed forces of pakistan.
pakistan sought to blame armed forces of india for violations of the ceasefire along the border.
new delhis envoy to islamabad, t c a raghavan, was summoned to the ministry of foreign affairs of pakistan government where foreign secretary of the neighbouring country, a a chaudhry, lodged a protest with him for ceasefire violation by soldiers of india.
islamabad also sought to accuse indias armed forces of violating the airspace of pakistan, with a helicopter on sunday and with a drone on wednesday.
new delhi rubbished the allegations of islamabad.
we remain committed to steps that contribute to ensuring peace and tranquillity on the border, foreign secretary told mediapersons.
however, there should be no doubt that any unprovoked firing from the pakistani side would meet with an effective and forceful response from our forces.
nor will we let down our guard against infiltration and cross-border terrorism, he added.
asked if new delhi will go ahead with its engagement with islamabad even after ceasefire violations by pakistan, jaishankar said: if the intention or the inclination is to strengthen peace and tranquillity on the border and do the meetings that we have agreed to do, we remain committed to that.
if, on the other hand, there is unprovoked firing and there is infiltration and cross-border terrorism then, obviously, the situation is different.
so, that choice is not ours, he said, sending out veiled warning to islamabad.
ap in touch with centre for release of teacher seized in libyahyderabad, jul 31, 2015 (pti) 19:05 istthe andhra pradesh government today said it is in touch with the centre and making all efforts to secure the release of p gopikrishna, one of the four indians kidnapped in libya allegedly by the islamic state terror group.
information and nri affairs palle raghunatha reddy said the state government was making efforts for the release of gopikrishna, a teacher by profession and a native of srikakulam district in andhra pradesh.
srikakulam mp k rammohan naidu also said he was in touch with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the matter.
all efforts are being taken to secure their safe release.
i and external affairs minister (sushma swaraj) discussed the issue this morning.
she said it has come to her notice and the government is taking all steps for their safe release.
let's hope they return without any harm.
the government efforts are in that direction, union minister m venkaiah naidu told reporters.
four indians abducted in libya - i am happy we have been able to secure the release of lakshmikant and vijay kumar.
mea spokesperson vikas swarup said the two indians have been brought back safely to university of sirte and efforts were continuing for the remaining two.
however, it was not immediately known how they were freed.
of the four teachers, two are from hyderabad, one from raichur and one from bengaluru.
the four indians were detained at a check point, about 50 km from sirte, a libyan city.
the area is under the control of the terror outfit, the central government said.
unesco to study historic migration of indian labourersanirban bhaumik, new delhi, nov 2, 2014, dhns 1:10 istindia will join the world on sunday to commemorate a historic journey that over two million labourers indentured by colonial planters from this land had to undertake about 180 years ago to work across the colonies of the british empire.
the united nations education, scientific and cultural organisation (unesco) has now recognised the migration of over 2.
2 million indentured labourers from india to 26 other colonies of the british empire in mid-19th century as one of the worlds greatest mass movements of the diaspora.
the un agency early this week adopted a proposal co-sponsored by india and mauritius to launch the international indentured labour route project to study the historic mass migration and its role in cultural interactions and shaping modern societies in former colonies of british empire.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday left new delhi for a visit to mauritius.
she will represent india over the next two days in events, which will not only commemorate the 180th anniversary of the arrival of the first batch of indentured labourers from india to mauritius, but also mark the launch of the unesco project.
the british planters had transported the first batch of indentured labourers from india to mauritius, as sugarcane plantations in the indian ocean island had faced a problem of shortage of workforce after abolition of slavery in europe in mid-1830s.
a ship mv atlas crowded with indentured labourers from india had arrived in port louis on november 2, 1834.
mauritius eventually became the destination of about 4,62,000 indentured labourers from india and their descendents now constitute the ethnic majority of the island nations population.
on sunday, swaraj will attend a commemorative ceremony the mauritian government has organised at apravasi ghat.
new delhi: nov 10, 2015, dhns 2:06 istin a bid to insulate prime minister narendra modi from the bihar poll drubbing, the bjp on monday stated that they miscalculated the grand alliances caste consolidation which led to the defeat.
a day after the grand alliance, comprising the jd(u), rjd and the congress, won a 2/3rd majority, bjp president amit shah convened the party parliamentary board meeting to analyse the humiliating defeat, the second after a similar drubbing in delhi polls in february.
the party sources said they felt that the three parties in the grand alliance would not be able to transfer each others votes, given long held social incompatibility among castes the jd(u) and rjd respectively represented among the obcs and dalits.
the main reason for defeat seems to be that in the 2014 lok sabha elections, the rjd, jd(u) and the congress fought independently.
we were wrong in thinking the grand alliance won't be able to consolidate votes due to other small and regional parties, finance minister arun jaitley told reporters after the meeting.
modi and senior ministers rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari were also present in the meeting.
the vote shares of the jd(u), rjd and the congress in the 2014 lok sabha elections put together came to 45 per cent, while it came down marginally to 41 per cent in the assembly polls, said bjp sources.
similarly, the ndas vote share was 38 per cent in the 2014 elections and declined by 4 per cent in the assembly polls and partners the ljp,rlsp and the ham (secular) did poorly to pull down the ndas prospects, sources added.
in the meeting, bjp sources said, a section of senior leaders felt the need to shield modi from the criticism that the prime minister should not have addressed more than 31 rallies in bihar.
losing an election with such a huge margin is not that big a set back in comparison to people debating that modi was losing political currency, said sources, expressing partys fear.
as the nda did not declare its chief ministerial candidate, modi took the onus on himself to spearhead the campaign and even posters primarily had his and shahs photographs, pushing local leaders to the margin.
centre repeating empty words, say kin of 40 abducted indiansnew delhi, dec 5, 2014, ians: 22:14 istincreasing hopelessness seems to have enveloped families of the 40 indians abducted in iraq's mosul by islamic state militants six months ago.
a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday saw them venting frustration at the government for repeating old statements and not being able to provide any proof that their kin are alive.
the mantra (minister sushmaswaraj swaraj) repeated what she has been saying to us earlier.
there was nothing new to add, sardara singh from amritsar, whose 32-year-old son gurcharan singh and the family's sole earning member was kidnapped, told ians.
gurcharan was working as a carpenter in mosul when he along with the other indian workers was kidnapped from the site of a turkish construction company in june by suspected islamic state militants.
harbhajan singh, his face wizened with creases and care, said he has heard nothing from his son kamaljeet singh, who worked as a crane operator in mosul.
mantri-ji said it will take time, that is what they have been saying all along, harbhajan singh told ians.
thirty-six families of those abducted indian men came to meet the minister friday.
the minister is understood to have told the distraught families that the men are known to be alive, but there is no concrete proof of it.
malkit singh, whose brother paramjeet singh is among the abducted, said they had asked the minister about the whereabouts of harjeet masih, one of the workers who escaped from the clutches of is.
harjeet had said the men have been killed.
we demanded to meet harjeet masih, but she said we cannot meet him.
we wanted to know if he really has bullet injuries, she refused to tell us, he said.
harjeet masih is supposed to be in government custody.
then why don't they know about him, another man asked.
they said they will not allow us to meet him.
how can they do this?
he added.
harjeet masih claimed that he and the other indians were abducted, along with bangladeshis, from mosul on june 15 and taken towards erbil, in iraq.
the is militants separated the bangladeshis and indians on the basis of religion and set the bangladeshis free.
he claimed that the indians were taken to an isolated spot and shot dead.
harjeet claimed he was also hit by bullets but they only scraped his skin and he pretended to be dead.
he escaped when the militants had left.
malkit singh said, the minister said she has 'yakeen' or belief that the men are alive but she can't give us assurance.
they are repeating their old empty assurances, we are depending on the government, but it is letting us down, said pushpa, whose son sandeep, 37, is among the abducted.
sushma swaraj friday acknowledged the government does not have concrete proof of the men being alive or dead and is continuing to search for them based on six indirect sources.
speaking in the rajya sabha and the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj termed as hearsay the quotes attributed to harjeet massih, one of the workers who escaped from the clutches of is and claimed the men have been killed.
i have said repeatedly that i do not have concrete proof of them being alive, but i do not have concrete proof of their being dead too, she said.
nitish invites pm for oath ceremony on nov 20patna, nov 18, 2015 (pti) 14:53 istbihar chief minister designate nitish kumar today extended invitation to prime minister narendra modi for the oath ceremony of his new government on friday.
kumar talked to the pm over telephone and extended his invitation for the oath function at gandhi maidan at 2 pm on november 20, sources in the chief minister's office said.
with the four-day chhath festival ending this morning, kumar telephoned prominent leaders personally to invite them for the swearing-in ceremony of the new government.
bihar jd(u) president basistha narayan singh said inviting the prime minister was a political etiquette and it was now on him whether to come or not.
on being asked about the invitation, bihar bjp vice president sanjay mayukh told pti that pm due to his prior fixed programmes might not be able to attend the ceremony.
he said parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu and minister of state (independent charge) rajiv pratap rudy would represent the union government at the swearing-in function.
the pm had congratulated kumar on the day of the poll results on november 8 over the grand secular alliance's massive victory in bihar.
the sources in cmo said kumar had also telephoned union home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and other central ministers and invited them for the oath ceremony.
state congress president ashok choudhary told pti that party vice president rahul gandhi in all likelihood would attend the swearing-in function.
rahul had played an important role in cementing bonds between three parties jd(u), rjd and congress and also in naming kumar the cm face of the grand secular alliance.
he had addressed eight rallies in favour of secular alliance candidates during the poll campaign.
chief ministers of other states like mamata banerjee, arvind kejriwal, tarun gogoi and akhilesh yadav are expected to attend the ceremony to display a picture of unity among parties opposed to bjp.
samajwadi party mp from mainpuri tej pratap yadav, who is here in connection with chhath observed by his mother-in-law rabri devi, confirmed that yadav would attend the ceremony.
kumar and rjd chief lalu prasad wish to make the oath ceremony a big event by bringing together leaders of different parties which are opposed to bjp.
oppn protests on lalit modi washes out ls question hournew delhi, jul 23, 2015, pti: 13:23 istquestion hour in the lok sabha was washed out for the second consecutive day today as an aggressive opposition stalled the proceedings over the lalit modi controversy.
as soon as the house assembled and took up the question hour, opposition congress, trs and left members rushed to the well raising slogans, forcing speaker sumitra mahajan adjourned the house till noon.
seeking to counter the opposition attack, bjp chief whip arjun ram meghwal told the chair about his notice of breach of privilege against congress chief sonia gandhi's son-in-law robert vadra.
he alleged that vadra has demeaned parliamentarians in his facebook post.
he cannot do that.
.
.
nobody can do that, meghwal shouted amid din.
there were protests when the speaker informed that she had rejected the notices of adjournment moved by mallikarjun kharge, m veerapa moily and k c venugopal (all congress) and n k premchandran (rsp) on the controversy allegedly involving the former ipl chief and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
mahajan also said similar notices by mohd salim, s p dutta and m b rajesh (all cpi-m) on the vyapam scam, dharmendra yadav (sp) on farmers' plight and a sampath (cpi-m) on caste census have also been rejected.
soon, congress members sporting black ribbons stormed the well holding placards with slogans like: 'bade modi meherban, toh chhote modi pehelwan' (a hindi idiom meaning that a small person is strong if supported by a powerful person) and 'pm chuppi todo' (pm, break your silence), 'modi ji 56 inch dikhao, sushmaswaraj , raje ko turant hatao' (show your 56 inch chest by removing swaraj and raje).
the speaker's repeated warnings not to display placards were ignored as trs members showed posters demanding a separate high court in telangana.
sporting a black ribbon on his right arm, congress vice president rahul gandhi was seen on the second row of opposition benches.
as some congress members blacked the view of the speaker by standing in front of the treasury benches, a heated exchange of words took place between them and bjp members led by union minister rajiv pratap rudy.
soon after the house was adjourned, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu was seen talking to congress mp deepender singh hooda.
beijing, feb 2, 2015 (pti) 11:09 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met her russian counterpart sergey lavrov here ahead of the russia, india, china foreign ministers meeting scheduled for later in the day.
lavrov drove straight from the airport to attend the meeting which was also attended by newly appointed foreign secretary s jaishankar.
officials said that over an hour long talks focussed on initiatives to further friendship between the two countries.
talks centred on the vision document called druzhba-dosti issued during the visit of russian president vladimir putin toindialast year, aimed at strengthening the indian-russian partnership over the next decade.
the document focussed on further cooperation in energy, technology and innovation, expanded economic engagement and global order and world peace.
both swaraj and lavrov would attend the trilateral foreign ministers meeting along with chinese foreign minister wang yi to discuss initiatives for cooperation.
swaraj, who arrived here on january 31, would take part in the launch of visit of india year function followed by a meeting with chinese president xi jinping today.
days after rolling out a 'study in india' programme to attract foreign students, india is keen on inking a pact with as many as 30 countries in asia, africa, west asia and commonwealth of independent states (cis) for mutual recognition of academic programmes and degrees.
to set the move in motion, the hrd ministry has forwarded a proposal in this regard to the ministry of external affairs, requesting the latter to reach out to 30 countries for signing a pact on mutual recognition of academic qualifications.
thirty countries with which india is willing to sign a pact for mutual recognition of academic qualifications include nigeria, sudan, tanzania, rwanda, ethiopia, algeria, egypt, morocco, tunisia, thailand, malaysia, afghanistan, sri lanka, bangladesh, nepal, bhutan, vietnam, china, iran, iraq, saudi arabia, jordan, yemen, kuwait, kazakhstan, tajikistan and oman.
the hrd ministry has requested the external affairs ministry to pursue its proposal for mutual recognition of degrees with all 30 countries in asia, africa, west asia and commonwealth of independent states (cis), official sources told dh.
the ministry's proposal for mutual recognition of academic qualifications, for these countries, is almost similar to the one recently signed between india and france, sources added.
officials hope that india's proposal for signing a pact with these countries will benefit indian higher education institutions, as it will increase the intake of students from these countries.
it will help indian higher education institutions increase its visibility at international level.
the signing of the proposed pact will also benefit students, teachers, researchers of india and the partner countries.
the pact would be instrumental in encouraging mobility of students from india to the partner countries.
it would seek to promote excellence in higher education through innovative collaborations and research activities, the official added.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj launched the 'study in india' programme on april 18, offering foreign students as many as 50,000 seats for admission in various disciplines at country's 160 higher education institutions which includes indian institute of science.
under the programme, the hrd ministry also offered attractive fee waivers and freeships to foreign students taking admission in indian higher education institutions this year.
with the rollout of 'study in india' programme, india seeks to double its market share of global education exports from the current less than 1  to 2 .
nda to pick v-p candidate todaynew delhi/chennai, july 15, 2012 , dhns 1:30 istformer union minister jaswant singh of the bjp may emerge as the opposition nominee for the vice-presidential election after janata dal-united president sharad yadav on sunday appeared reluctant to be a candidate for the august 7 poll.
a senior bjp leader told deccan herald that jaswant singhji has emerged as a clear frontrunner as our candidate for the vice-presidential poll.
the national democratic alliance (nda) will meet on monday to finalise the name of its vice-presidential candidate.
asked if yadavs name was also being considered to challenge united progressive alliance (upa) candidate hamid ansari to ensure the support of the janata dal-united, the bjp leader said: his (yadavs) name was also discussed.
but wider consensus has been on jaswantjis name.
according to sources, a section in the bjp was keen on announcing yadav as ndas vice-presidential candidate to enlist the backing of the janata dal-united, which broke ranks with the alliance on the presidential election and announced support for upa candidate pranab mukherjee.
yadav, however, downplayed reports that his name was also considered as an nda candidate for the constitutional post, saying he would not like to comment on speculation.
i will never speak on speculation.
but unfortunately my name has also been surfaced, yadav said.
yadav asserted: the issue of the vice-presidential election and pranab mukherjee are separate.
i have never supported congresss political line ever since i joined politics.
we support mukherjee for his political experience.
the name of najma heptullah has been also doing the rounds as she is also keen on contesting the elections for indias second highest constitutional post.
she had fought against ansari in the 2007 vice-presidential election.
sushma swaraj, leader of opposition in the lok sabha, called on sharad yadav to propose that he should contest as an nda candidate, confirmed a senior leader of the janata dal-united.
though the bjp proposal is a serious one, sharadji is not keen on running for the post, he said.
it would not be politically useful for a person like sharadji to opt for a post which restrains you from taking a political line.
he has been a voice of dalits, backward classes and other marginal sections of society.
how could he think of running for this post, asked a close associate of yadav.
three union ministers increase assets in five monthsnew delhi, oct 24, 2014, ians: 15:20 istthe assets of at least three union ministers have increased since they assumed office five months ago, a joint statement by the national election watch and association of democratic reforms said friday.
the highest increase in assets in five months was shown by railway minister d.v. sadananda gowda.
his assets have shown an increase of rs.10.
46 crores, from rs.9.
88 crores as declared in lok sabha 2014 elections to rs.20.
35 crores in the 2014 declarations of the union council of ministers to the pmo, the statement said.
minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises radhakrishnan p was a distant second.
his assets showed an increase of rs.2.
98 crores, while finance minister arun jaitley showed an increase of rs.1.
01 crores.
the watchdogs said 41 or 91 percent of the union ministers are crorepatis as per their declarations to the prime minister's office.
jaitely was the richest at rs.114.
03 crore, followed by harsimrat kaur badal at rs.108.
31 crores and piyush goyal at rs. 94.
66 crores.
the statement said that 16 ministers have shown a decrease in assets.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj showed a decrease of rs.3.
89 crores (from rs.17.
55 crores declared in the 2014 lok sabha elections).
she is followed by minister of state for development of north eastern region v.k. singh who declared a decrease of rs.3.
13 crores (from 4.
11 crores declared in the 2014 lok sabha elections).
he is followed by health minister harsh vardhan who declared a decrease of rs.1.
28 crores, the statement said.
the statement said that upon analysis it was found that the cause of changes in assets was largely due to the lack of any standardised format for ministers' asset declarations.
many ministers have not given the value of many assets declared.
not declaring the value of assets in the ministers' declaration is akin to not making a disclosure at all, the statement said.
accused of muslim-bias on visa applications, swaraj hits backnew delhi, jan 21, 2017, (pti) 9:46 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today hit back against lesser-known outfit hindu jagaran sangha for accusing her of taking care of visa requests by muslims only.
india is my country.
indians are my people.
the caste, state, language or religion is not relevant for me, she said in her tweet.
the minister's strong retort came to a tweet by hindu jagaran sangha-- which posts at the twitter handle @hindujagoran.
modi ji @narendramodi your sushmaswaraj @sushmaswaraj,only take care of muslim visa.
but hindus are getting harrased to get india visa.
very upset(sic), the sangha had tweeted.
new delhi, jan 12, 2017, dhns 1:55 istindia on wednesday threatened to deny visa to amazon officials unless the global e-commerce giant apologises for trying to sell tricolour doormats in canada.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took to twitter to read out the riot act to amazon, which recently triggered a controversy in canada by trying to sell doormats themed on the national flag of india.
she also threatened to withdraw the visas already issued to the officials of the e-commerce company for their visits to india.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official, she said.
we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, sushmaswaraj added.
the minister also asked acting high commissioner of canada to india, arun kumar sahu, to lodge a protest with the top brass of amazon.
indian high commission in canada: this is unacceptable.
the minister swung into action after a twitter user, atul bhobe, posted a screenshot of the amazon canada portal where the doormats themed on the national flag of india were put up for sale.
the indian community in canada as well as social media users strongly reacted after amazon canada started selling the doormats, themed not only on the tricolour of india, but also on national flags of other countries.
3,000 signatoriesan online petition was signed by over 3,000 people to force amazon to apologise and remove the tricolour doormats from its site.
the strong protests over social media forced the e-commerce major to remove them from its portal.
gurdaspur attack: mps for use of full force against terrornew delhi, july 27, 2015, pti: 16:53 istthe attack in gurdaspur resonated in lok sabha today with members cutting across party lines condeming it and saying that the incident demonstrated that the terror threat to india is perceptible and that all force should be used to fight the scourge.
members of akali dal, bjp, cpi(m) and bjd spoke on this morning's attack during the zero hour amidst the din created by members of congress, ncp, left, trinamool congress, samajwadi party, rjd, jd(u) and trs over various issues.
congress members, holding placards in the well, were demanding ouster of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over various controversies.
members from sp, rjd and jd(u) were demanding release of the census report, while trs members were demanding a separate high court for telangana.
prem singh chandumajra of akali dal, who hails from punjab, raised the issue of the attack, in which four heavily armed terrorists went on a rampage this morning, targeting a bus and a police station complex, leaving a number of policemen and civilians dead and injured.
he urged the slogan-shouting opposition members to halt their protest in view of the attack as it is in the national interest.
i appeal to you, in the national interest, halt your protest for two minutes as there has been an attack in gurdaspur, he told the congress members who were in the well shouting slogans against prime minister narendra modi and the government.
this is a question of the country's security.
people are dying.
.
.
people of the state are watching.
they are watching this drama (in the house), the akali member said.
bjd member tathagat sathpathy said the incident in gurdaspur was a grave matter, which shows that once again terrorism is back with full force.
it is not only display of isis flags, the threat of terrorism is perceptible here.
the threat is right here in the country.
he said all political parties should unite against the fight against terrorism.
we are not here to politicise.
.
.
strictest action should be taken.
all force should be used.
india should stand up to fight terrorism, the bjd member from odisha said.
ed moves to build watertight case against lalit modinew delhi, jul 1, 2015 (pti) 19:40 istseeking to nail lalit modi and others in a money laundering case relating to ipl, the ed has now added to its fir various charges of fema violations detected against them in conduct of the t-20 league to prepare a watertight case.
the inclusion of forex violation charges, prima facie established against them, in the criminal fir lodged in connection with alleged money laundering, would bolster the enforcement directorate's case as it would lend weight to its letters rogatories (request for assistance sent by a court in one country to the other).
authorities in foreign countries hardly render any assistance in civil cases like those of foreign exchange management act (fema) violations but take seriously criminal contraventions, as in the case of money laundering.
besides lalit modi, ex-bcci president n srinivasan and over a dozen other individuals and entities have been slapped with forex violations charges and the cases are now under adjudication.
sources privy to the development said ed sleuths have found instances connecting the trail of illegal hawala funds generated in at least 16 fema contravention instances in the ipl to the proceeds of crime of money laundering.
the agency is probing the ipl and its executives under the stringent anti-money laundering laws under its criminal fir registered in 2012 after taking cognizance of a cheating complaint filed by srinivasan against modi and half a dozen others with the chennai police.
sources said the move will help sleuths make a watertight case against them.
it would also help in preparing international legal cooperation documents against the accused including modi, whom the ed has been wanting to join the investigations for long.
the ed fir registered at its zonal office in mumbai, accessed by pti, shows the agency has invoked the prevention of money laundering act (pmla) along with section 420 (cheating) and 120-b (criminal conspiracy) of the ipc to probe if bcci-ipl and the exchequer had been cheated in the award of telecast rights for the ipl in 2009.
while the agency had then registered a pmla case against modi and six others, sources said their numbers could be larger now.
the central probe agency has also begun an exercise to identify movable and immovable assets of these over a dozen accused, in both fema and pmla cases, so there assets could be attached in future, if need arises.
the most important among the 16 fema cases relates to the media rights deal where the agency slapped show-cause notices against modi and 13 others in february this year.
the ed, in its notice, has accused modi of sending fraud emails and being a suspect beneficiary of rs 125 crore illegal funds in connection with the rs 425 deal for grant of media rights of the t-20 tournament in 2009.
modi, who has made the uk his home since 2010, is currently embroiled in a controversy over obtaining travel documents in that country with the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and for his similar dealings with rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
agency sources had earlier indicated that the pmla case being the only criminal investigation against modi, a good progress in its probe could help ed seek an interpol red corner notice against the former cricket administrator to force him join the investigation after having him deported from the uk.
ed may also have a letters rogatory sent to the uk to obtain actionable details about the personal and other finances of modi in that country.
it has already begun the process of obtaining lrs to be sent to singapore and mauritius to take forward its probe in the money laundering case.
jaipur, jun 19, 2015, pti: 11:07 istamid raging lalitgate row, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje today cancelled her visit to punjab where she would have come face-to-face with bjp president amit shah for the first time since the damaging revelations.
due to back pain, the chief minster's doctor has advised her to take rest so she has cancelled her visit to punjab today, raje's press advisor said.
raje, who is embroiled in a controversy over allegedly favouring tainted ipl chief lalit modi's immigration plea in london, was scheduled to share the dais with bjp chief amit shah and union home minister rajnath singh at the function in anandpur sahib celebrating 350 years of the key sikh shrine.
significance was being attached to the meeting as none of the bjp central leaders or the government have come to her defence since the issue came out in public.
raje had spoken to shah over phone on wednesday to explain her position.
congress has been demanding her immediate resignation along with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying they have no right to continue in office after helping the former ipc chairman who is facing money laundering and other charges.
however, rajathan health minister rajendra rathore rejected demands for raje's resignation, saying the entire national bjp and party mlas were with her.
the entire bjp be it at the centre or the state are with her.
she has been leading us and will continue to do so.
the entire legislature party is standing strongly with her.
our leadership is standing by her.
the question of her resignation does not arise, he had said.
rahul is taking pm's name to remain in news: venkaiah naidubengaluru, sep 20, 2015, (pti) 14:45 isthitting out at congress vice president rahul gandhi for his suit boot remarks against narendra modi, union minister m venkaiah nadu today termed it as childish and immature and accused him of taking the name of prime minister to remain in the news.
naidu also sought to turn the tables against gandhi, saying rahul's grandfather jawaharlal nehru and father rajiv gandhi too had used the suit boot attire.
.
.
.
.
now he (rahul) is also talking about suit boot (suit boot ki sarkar), forgetting his grandfather used to wear suit boot, forgetting his father used to wear suit boot.
are you criticising your grandfather and father?
are you ridiculing them?
the minister of parliamentary affairs asked.
attacking the congress leader for his suit-boot jibe made at an election rally in bihar, naidu said: please think before you speak, there should be some maturity in what you speak.
don't be childish and immature.
making such cheap comments against the prime minister of the country- that too on a personal dress.
.
.
.
pointing out that the suit presented to the prime minister was auctioned and the money was used for public purpose, he said .
.
.
.
i don't know who is writing his script, who is writing the speech, but they are misleading him.
launching the congress campaign in assembly poll-bound bihar, rahul gandhi had yesterday raked up the suit boot ki sarkar jibe to target the modi government, warning people that they would lose their land and livelihood if nda came to power in the state.
painting modi and bjp-led nda as a 'club of rich', he had said while the mahatma shed his suit and donned a dhoti as he led the poor farmers, modi who claimed to have started as a chaiwala (tea seller) started wearing rs 15 lakh suit after becoming prime minister.
when a reporter persisted with the issue, naidu said .
.
.
.
we need not focus on him.
he is trying to take the name of the prime minister, so that he is in the news.
.
.
slamming the congress, he said it was still unable to reconcile with the reality and continuing its 'disinformation' campaign against the government.
words for the poor and deeds for the rich had been policy of the congress over the years, he added.
referring to various social security schemes launched by the centre, naidu said it would unveil mudra yojana - credit for the ordinary small traders, street vendors and unemployed youth on september 25.
stating that rahul gandhi and congress were saying that they won't allow even a inch of land to be acquired, he said i would like to know what is the scale of the inch for mr rahul gandhi?
accusing congress governments of forceful acquisition of lakhs of acres of land, he challenged its leaders to explain as to how they allowed their governments to acquire and loot the land of farmers to the tune of nearly 80,000 acres in one state (haryana).
he dared the congress and its leaders holding a rally today on the land bill to explain on this if they have guts.
naidu also said allegations made against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had boomeranged on the congress and its leaders as they could not answer in parliament as to why they allowed lalit modi to flee the country.
.
.
.
.
every allegations they are making is boomeranging on them.
this spit and run practice is not going to help congress party, he said.
sounding confident of party's victory in bihar polls, naidu said on one hand congress leader says we should not protect convicted, corrupt people while on the other hand you have aligned with rjd (rashtreeya janata dal of lalu prasad yadav).
there is a great combination in bihar, where all the 'cs' have come together.
the casteist, the corrupt, the communal, the convicted- all of them have joined together, this is their grand alliance.
they are going to be rejected by the people, he added.
responding to a question on west bengal government releasing files related to netaji subash chandra bose, naidu said the state government should have talked to the centre also, but anyhow they have done it.
i don't want to make any comment.
it should not be politicized.
everybody in the country is interested to know the truth about what happened to netaji- including me, he added.
what will be its implications on the international arena that has to be studied.
that is under study of the government of india, he said.
modi visit 'pre-arranged':cong; will you get dawood,asks senanew delhi, dec 26, 2015, (pti) 12:37 istcongress today claimed that prime minister narendra modi's stopover in lahore was pre-arranged while accusing his government of pursuing a pakistan policy in fits and starts and abrupt u-turns even as bjp ally shiv sena and vhp asked if the visit will enable india get hold of dawood ibrahim, hafiz saeed and zakiur rehman lakhvi.
questioning modi's unscheduled visit, congress senior spokesperson anand sharma said his engagement with pakistan is frivolous, unpredictable, marked by fits and starts and abrupt u-turns.
he asked what assurances has the prime minister got on bringing back or punishing perpetrators of 26/11 mumbai attacks, especially lakhvi and on dismantling terror syndicates in pakistan acting against india.
questioning the intent behind his visit, congress also rejected claims of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that the prime minister's move was 'statesman-like' and claimed that the visit was pre-arranged by a businessman.
the same industrialist who has business partnership with the ruling establishment in pakistan was there for the last two days.
this is out in the open, he said, asking the prime minister to reveal the name of the businessman himself.
we are very clear that the prime minister is there to promote only private business interests and not india's national interest which should be supreme,diplomacy is serious, it must have gravitas and predictability.
it cannot be frivolous, otherwise it will implode on shri narendra modi's face, he told reporters here.
shiv sena and vishwa hindu parishad wondered whether the visit will lead to effective action against cross-border terrorism as well as terror masterminds like dawood ibrahim, hafiz saeed and lakhvi.
will dawood ibrahim be given to india after today's meeting (between modi and sharif)?
if this happens, we welcome this visit, sena spokesman sanjay raut said in mumbai.
vhp international working president pravin togadia said in a statement issued in allahabad that we hope that modi's tour of pakistan leads to effective action by the neighbouring country against terrorists operating from their soil.
pakistan is also the land where 1993 mumbai serial blasts accused and underworld dawood ibrahim has been hiding for more than two decades.
the neighboring country has so far been in a state of denial in this regard.
we hope that our dashing and dynamic pm modiji's intervention will bring about a radical change, togadia said.
in srinagar, kashmiri separatists welcomed modi's visit with moderate hurriyat conference chairman mirwaiz umar farooq terming it a positive move and hardline faction leader syed ali shah geelani saying they have no objection to improved relations between india and pakistan.
we do not have any issues with relations improving between india and pakistan.
.
.
no right thinking persons shall have any reservation on it.
however, the two countries have to address the kashmir issue as per wishes and aspirations of the people if these endeavours are to succeed, geelani told pti.
bjp hit back at congress over its claim that modi's visit was pre-arranged at an industrialist's initiative, saying it was unfortunate that the country has an opposition like it which sees negative in all positive efforts.
welcoming modi's visit which has taken the country by pleasant surprise, bjp said he has taken a bold step which only a strong leader can do.
such an allegation by congress is absolutely incorrect and in bad taste.
this is unfortunate that the country has an opposition like this today.
people have hopes from modi and he has in a short span of time brought about a paradigm shift in india's relationship with the outside world, party secretary shrikant sharma said.
he recalled that bjp stalwart and the then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee had also taken a similar exercise with his lahore bus journey.
the external affairs minister said the prime minister has acted like a statesman in deciding to visit pakistan and this is how relations with neighbours should be.
that's like a statesman.
his sudden visit comes within days of both countries deciding to re-engage in comprehensive bilateral dialogue.
the foreign secretaries of india and pakistan are scheduled to meet next month to discuss modalities about the dialogue.
bjp general secretary ram madhav said the two neighbours needed to inject informality in their relations, as is the case in many places of the world like the eu and asean.
pm modi's sudden stop over at lahore to greet pakiatan pm nawaz sharif is a much needed departure from protocol-driven politics between the two countries.
like leaders of other nations in the world like the eu, asean and even countries in our neighborhood leaders of india and pakistan too needed to inject informality in their relations.
the aam aadmi party (aap) wondered as to what was the change that prompted modi to visit lahore when bjp opposed talks with pakistan, and asked why this yaarana (friendship).
senior aap leader ashutosh said it was bjp and modi who were opposing talks with pakistan under the pretext of terrorism.
he questioned whether terrorism has completely stopped as pakistani premier nawaz sharif has now become a likable figure to modi.
jammu and kashmir chief minister mufti mohammad sayeed welcomed modi's surprise visit, saying it is a step in the right direction.
former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah said new delhi's engagement with pakistan is a good step but called for consistency in the process instead of grand gestures.
give free hand to army to retaliate: ak antonysagar kulkarni, new delhi, dh news service may 2 2017, 18:13 istformer defence minister ak antony.
dh file photoformer defence minister ak antony on tuesday asked the modi government to give the army the freedom to retaliate pakistan's barbaric act killing and mutilating indian soldiers on patrolling duty along the line of control.
the unusually strong words from the senior congress leader came against the public outrage over the third such incident in the past six months.
antony also reminded the modi government that during his eight year stint as defence minister only one incident of killing and mutilation of indian soldiers had taken place.
in one sentence, my only request to the government is  give freedom to the army to take appropriate action at the appropriate time, antony told reporters here.
he said such continuous attacks put a question mark on the security structure of the country.
it has affected the prestige, respect and morale of the indian army, antony said.
former union minister kapil sibal questioned prime minister narendra modi's silence on the incident.
he recalled bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj's remarks on when a soldier was killed and decapitated during upa rule in 2013.
we wish to ask the prime minister how many (heads) for the two, sibal said.
sibal also took a dig at the nda saying it was time the prime minister had a full time defence minister.
only a full time defence minister can draft full time strategy towards growth and security, he said referring to finance minister arun jaitley, who also holds the defence portfolio.
sibal said the 35 months of nda rule have seen 91 civilian deaths in terror incidents in jammu and kashmir as against 50 deaths during the last 35 months of the upa government.
the death of jawans in the period under reivew were 103 during upa rule and 198 under the modi government.
sibal said ceasefire violations have also increased from 470 in the last 35 months of the upa to 1343 in the nearly three years of modi government.
new delhi, dec 25, 2015 (pti) 20:58 istcongress today attacked prime minister narendra modi for his unscheduled visit to pakistan and alleged it was not for promoting india's national interest or to take forward the roadmap to engage with it on tackling terror but to promote private business interests.
congress spokesperson anand sharma also attacked the prime minister's engagement with pakistan as frivolous, unpredictable and full of abrupt u-turns and asked what assurances he got on bringing back or punishing perpetrators of 26/11 mumbai attacks, especially zakiu rehman lakhvi, and on dismantling terror syndicates in pakistan acting against india.
questioning the intent behind his visit, congress rejected claims of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that the prime minister's move was 'statesman-like' and said it was pre-arranged by a businessman.
we are very clear that the prime minister is there to promote only private business interests and not india's national interest which should be supreme.
diplomacy is serious, it must have gravitas and predictability.
it cannot be frivolous, otherwise it will implode on shri narendra modi's face, he told reporters.
rejecting swaraj's claim that the visit was spontaneous, sharma said the external affairs minister claims, very foolishly so, that it's statesman-like.
we completely reject her claim.
we have definitive information that this was pre-arranged.
he said the prime minister has not gone there to take forward the roadmap to engage with pakistan or build an understanding that would eliminate immediate threats of terror or punishing those behind the mumbai 26/11 attacks.
this unannounced visit cannot be termed 'statesman-like'.
diplomacy must have seriousness and gravitas, he said.
the congress leader questioned how many prime ministers or heads of states make such detours to wish birthdays, asking if any indian prime minister has landed in another country in this manner in the last 67 years.
sharma alleged it is now in public domain that modi used vested private business interest for a secret meeting with nawaz sharif in kathmandu, which he alleged was organised at the behest of a businessman, claiming that he has now used the same channel for fixing this meeting in lahore.
the same industrialist who has business partnership with the ruling establishment in pakistan was there for the last two days.
this is out in the open, he said, asking the prime minister to reveal the name of the businessman himself.
how come the govt can say this is spontaneous & a continuation?
.
.
.
the prime minister of india carries the flag of the country and therefore there has to be seriousness in his actions.
he is not travelling for tourism purposes, he said.
sharma also slammed modi and bjp for adopting a hawkish approach during the upa government and termed any meeting by former prime minister manmohan singh with his pakistani counterpart as anti-national.
it is a ridiculous position that the external affairs minister is claiming what is spontaneous and others are saying it is pre-discussed.
it is unprecedented.
sharma said.
he said his party would not accept any reply on these issues from the external affairs minister and asked the prime minister to make a statement on this on his return.
the senior congress leader also questioned swaraj's claims made in august that only terrorism and no comprehensive dialogue will be discussed with pakistan and that there was no question of talks in a third country.
what happened on december 7 in bangkok, after the meeting in paris?
what was discussed was never disclosed to the country or the parliament.
is bangkok, thailand not third country?
he asked.
questioning the government for restarting the dialogue after abruptly calling off foreign secretary-level talks with pakistan after an invite was sent to hurriyat conferene last year, sharma accused modi of keeping the country in the dark on his engagements with pakistan.
therefore, this visit raises fundamental questions, he said, accusing modi of being there to promote private business interests and not national interests.
sharma asked the prime minister what assurances he has received from pakistan during his visit and whether the establishment there has unequivocally endorsed india's position of dismantling terror infrastructure there and in punishing and trial of perpetrators of mumbai attacks, especially of lakhvi.
bjp rejects demand for resignation of swaraj, rajenew delhi, jun 19, 2015 (pti) 18:10 istbjp today rejected the demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundahara raje over their alleged links with scam-tainted lalit modi, saying there is no technical or legal basis for it.
party spokesperson sudhanshu trivedi said while the party's top leadership has made its position clear on the issue of swaraj, the validity of the documents produced against raje are not yet verified.
the question is imaginary.
there is no technical and legal basis that you can say there is any point of impropriety, he said to questions on whether there will be action against swaraj and raje.
to a question on whether they will be removed, he said the very question is imaginary and there is no reason behind it.
he also rejected any corruption or impropriety by the two leaders for their alleged links with lalit modi and termed as laughable the questions raised by congress.
we have already made it clear that there is no corruption.
there is no technical or legal definition of corruption or inappropriation that is not evident.
opposition is using these issues to make a mountain out of a molehill for their own political gains on feeble grounds, he said.
asked why bjp took so much time to come out in support of raje, he said the questions raised by the media were imaginary.
before making any demand, it should be seen whether it is substantive and whether any wrong-doing or corruption has taken place.
to make such a demand in the absence of substantive evidence is not right and baseless, he said.
he said raje has clarified her position on the issue to the party top brass and the talks between the party and her are continuing.
he, however, rejected any demand for any inquiry, internal or otherwise, against raje.
on questions raised over investments made in raje's son dushyant singh's company by lalit modi's company, he said it is not a new issue and the facts have been mentioned in his income tax returns as well his affidavit before the lok sabha polls.
govt moves gst bill in rs, cong blocks discussionnew delhi, aug 11, 2015, (pti): 15:23 istgovernment today moved for consideration of rajya sabha the constitution amendment bill for introduction of gst but a debate on it was blocked by a vociferous congress which raised procedural issues.
finance minister arun jaitley, who moved the much-delayed bill, slammed the congress, saying the party was raising various issues just to stall the country's growth.
amid slogan-shouting by congress members, he said the congress was using lalit modi issue against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as a pretext to stall the important tax legislation.
earlier, congress leader anand sharma said a discussion on the gst bill cannot be taken up as it was not discussed in the business advisory committee and no time had been allocated for it.
he objected to the bill being listed in the business without the consent of members.
when jaitley got up to move the bill for consideration, congress members, who were silent till then, rushed into the well, shouting against the government move.
the real purpose is that they want to stall to stall the growth of the country and that is why session after session, they are using one pretext or the other to stall it.
that is why they are using the pretext of external affairs minister.
the congress party does not want the economy to grow.
they must candidly say so.
.
.
they don't need any pretext, he said.
amid stormy scenes and vociferous slogan shouting by congress members, deputy chairman p j kurien said, this being a constitution amendment bill, i cannot take up the bill in pandemonium.
he then adjourned the house for the day.
a constitution amendment requires division of votes for which every member has to be in his or her seat.
ipl money laundering case:ed seeks lrs to singapore, mauritiusnew delhi, june 30, 2015 (pti): 13:01 istthe enforcement directorate (ed) has sought legal assistance from singapore and mauritius to take forward its probe in the alleged financial irregularities in the indian premier league tournament (ipl) and its former chairman lalit modi.
officials said the agency has initiated the legal procedures to obtain from a court two letters rogatories (overseas judicial requests) to be sent to the two countries as part of its probe in the alleged laundering of funds in awarding media rights of the money spinning cricket tournament in 2009.
an ed team from its mumbai zonal office has also been sent to singapore but officials indicated they are part of an investigating team probing another case under the prevention of money laundering act (pmla).
however, it is understood, the team could gather some important leads in connection with this deal case where the ed has recently showcaused, under foreign exchange violation laws, modi and 13 other bcci-indian premier league (ipl) officials and other private entities.
the two accused companies in this case are based in either country and hence an lr is aimed to help ed obtain more details about their transactions and international financial deals vis-a-vis ipl.
the money laundering case pertains to a compliant filed by former bcci chief n srinivasan in the same deal with chennai police in 2010 against modi and others charging them with alleged embezzlement of funds and cheating the cricketing body in the awarding of telecast rights.
the ed registered its own criminal case under pmla early this year and later carried out searches in gurgaon and delhi to probe this deal which it suspects generated tainted funds.
agency sources have earlier indicated that this being the only criminal case against the ipl-bcci and modi, it is expected that based on the positive progress of this probe, ed sleuths may further seek to notify an interpol red corner notice against the former ipl chairman to make him join investigations after deporting him from his present address in the united kingdom.
modi is currently embroiled in a controversy for obtaining travel benefits through external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and for his similar dealings with rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
the ed, in its showcause issued in february this year under the foreign exchange management act (fema) in this case, has charged modi of sending fraud emails and being a suspect beneficiary of rs 125 crore illegal funds in connection with its rs 425 crore forex violations probe for granting media rights of the t-20 tournament in 2009 by bcci.
towards bolstering india-asean tiesrajaram panda, feb 27, 2017 23:53 istasean as a region is important for india for two reasons.
one is economic and the other is strategic.
the year 2017 marks the 25th anniversary of india-asean partnership, a milestone in indias look east  now act east  policy.
on this partnership anniversary, both india and the 10-member grouping have resolved to further strengthen cooperation in both economic and strategic areas.
prime minister narendra modi used the opportunity to send a congratulatory message to philippines president and 2017 asean (association of south east asian nations) chair rodrigo duterte committing indias act east policy that reflects the importance india attaches to its strategic partnership with the bloc.
indias commitment to the regional comprehensive economic partnership (rcep) is a reflection to its commitment to strengthen cooperation and economic integration in the region.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sent a similar congratulatory message to le luong minh, secretary-general of the organisation to reinforce indias commitment.
there are two reasons why asean as a region is important for india.
one is economic and the other is strategic.
on the economic front, asean is the key to indias act east policy.
india has been encouraging asean to leverage and reap the full benefits of the asean-india free trade area in goods, services and investment, which has been in place since july 2015.
the larger rcep is a proposed free trade agreement between the 10-member states of the asean  brunei, cambodia, indonesia, laos, malaysia, myanmar, the philippines, singapore, thailand, vietnam  and the six states  china, india, japan, south korea, new zealand and australia  with which asean has existing free trade pacts.
in his message to duterte, modi stressed that rcep could further strengthen cooperation and economic integration in the region if the states are to achieve an inclusive, comprehensive, balanced and mutually beneficial agreement, with equal ambition in goods, services and investment.
connectivity is the core of indias economic engagement strategy with the asean.
for this, india has committed a $1 billion line of credit with asean as well as for undertaking initiatives for narrowing the development gap within asean.
this is much appreciated by the asean and constantly working towards further invigorating trade and investment relations with india.
the asean is equally important for india from the strategic perspective.
the strategic dimension into india-asean relationship dates back to january 28, 1992 when the fourth asean summit in singapore took a decision to establish a sectoral dialogue partnership with india.
since then, the relationship between india and the asean has progressed from strength to strength when the two sides became full dialogue partners in 1996, summit partners in 2002 and strategic partners in 2012.
asean is indias fourth largest trading partner, accounting for 10.
2  of indias total trade.
india is aseans seventh largest trading partner.
investment flows are also robust both ways, with singapore being the principal hub for both inward and outward investment.
the shared bonds of heritage and culture have helped build the foundation of strong people-to-people contacts nurtured through the millennia.
it was therefore that modi in his message to duterte mentioned the appropriateness of choosing the theme of the 25 years celebration as shared values, common destiny reflecting common efforts for future-oriented era of mutual cooperation, peace, progress and prosperity.
indeed, aseans centrality in regional affairs is paramount for the regions peace, progress and stability, which india is committed to uphold.
planned celebrationsthe planned celebrations span the political, economic, cultural and people-to-people domains, besides a special commemorative summit and a foreign ministers meeting that india would host.
this will be the occasion to explore other areas to expand their economic footprint, leading to robust trade.
there was a bit of concern in southeast asia when duterte launched his war on drugs after coming to power and foulmouthed former us president barack obama who criticised his human rights violations and also for getting close to china.
he travelled to beijing in october last year and almost surrendered philippines victory at the international tribunal in july 2016 over china claim on the south china sea.
but modis outreach to duterte could reverse philippines new approach.
earlier, china had tried to exploit the rift between the us and the philippines and tried to reach out to the philippines leadership despite the latter having dispute over maritime rights to the south china sea.
with the entry of donald trump as the us president and his tough stance on china provides an opportunity for both modi and duterte to leverage the ties with the us to their advantage, in particular keeping china in check.
after all, both modi and duterte have already reached out to trump on phone and the former even getting an invitation to visit the us later this year.
in particular, modis stress on rules-based regional architecture is an endorsement to the concern that india, asean and the us share on the means to resolve territorial disputes in the south china sea through peaceful means and rejection of chinas preference of adopting unilateral means by use of coercion and threat of force.
(the writer is iccr india chair visiting professor at reitaku university, japan.
india-japan foreign ministers to hold strategic talks tomorrownew delhi, jan 16, 2015 (pti) 22:08 istjoint production of amphibious aircraft us-2, removing hurdles to finalise a civil nuclear deal, enhancing maritime security cooperation and implementing several mega infrastructure projects will top the agenda during strategic talks between foreign ministers of india and japan here tomorrow.
japanese foreign minister fumio kishida, who arrived here today for the talks, called on prime minister narendra modi and discussed issues of mutual interest.
in their strategic dialogue, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and kishida will deliberate on a range of key issues including firming up of a deal on defence equipment cooperation and production of amphibious long-range aircraft us-2 besides addressing issues relating to long-pending civil nuclear agreement.
deputy press secretary, ministry of foreign affairs of japan ken okaniwa said both the leaders will also discuss about the tokyo declaration issued during prime minister narendra modi's visit to tokyo in september last year.
okaniwa indicated japan's willingness for production of us-2 aircraft in india.
it was at summit meeting in september that the two leaders instructed the two government at the working level to start consultation regarding the broader defence equipment cooperation.
we have already started informal discussions on how and what kind of sort of framework we want, okaniwa said.
asked whether india's refusal to sign the nuclear non- proliferation treaty was coming in the way of finalising the civil nuclear pact, he indicated it to be an issue but added we would not have started the discussion if that a big issue for us.
okaniwa said ways to strengthen political dialogue including at the india, japan and the us trilateral will also figure in the talks between the two leaders besides various regional and global issues including reform of the security council.
it will be kishida's first overseas trip after being appointed foreign minister recently.
okaniwa said the two leaders will also talk about investment promotion partnership and implementation of the major projects including mumbai-ahmedabad high-speed train network, strengthening the existing railway tracks in certain areas and the freight corridor project.
he said improving road network in the northeast to link and linking the region with neighbouring south east asian countries will also figure in the talks.
bihar verdict must not be seen as 'mandate to disrupt parl': govtnew delhi, nov 9, 2015, (pti) 16:58 istsmarting from the bihar poll debacle, the government today reached out to the opposition to pass key reform bills and urged them to not interpret the poll result as a mandate to disrupt parliament, which is set to meet for its winter session between november 26-december 23.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs (ccpa) headed by home minister rajnath singh also took a decision today to call a special two-day sitting of parliament on the first two days of the session to commemorate the adoption of the indian constitution on november 26, 1949, and honour its architect, dalit icon br ambedkar.
ccpa met today and decided to call winter session from november 26, which will continue till december 23 depending on the exigencies of business, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu told reporters after the meeting, which was attended by top leaders of the ruling alliance, including finance minister arun jaitley.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj could not attend the meeting.
naidu said that a two-day special sitting of both houses will be held on november 26 and november 27 to commemorate the adoption of the the constitution.
since we are celebrating the birth centenary of ambedkar ji, we have decided we will be discussing in parliament the commitment to the constitution and the contribution of ambedkar to it.
hence, there will be no question hour in the house on the first two days, naidu said.
the decision comes at a time when the government is under attack from academicians and intellectuals on the issue of intolerance.
meanwhile, talking about the bihar assembly poll results, naidu said that while he welcomes the popular mandate, he is disturbed by media reports that opposition parties in parliament will now be more emboldened to unite and stall the government's parliamentary agenda for the winter session.
all concerned need to understand the bihar verdict in the right perspective.
people of bihar want development just like people in the other states.
to realise rapid economic growth, we need to have the right environment in place, which requires considered reforms.
to interpret bihar verdict in any other manner only amounts to questioning the wisdom of the people of the state.
all parties have to understand it and enable parliament to pass the reform measures.
bihar verdict is a clear statement of people's aspirations.
it should not be interpreted as a mandate to obstruct parliament, naidu said.
noting that opposition parties may have some issue, naidu said that the government is willing to walk the extra mile to accommodate them.
asked about congress's insistence on seven amendments in the gst bill, he said that can be discussed in the house.
asked about the opposition likely raking up the intolerance issue, he advised them to show tolerance by allowing a debate on it in parliament, instead of protesting outside.
talking about the bihar polls, naidu projected it as an event whose impact is localised.
the bihar result reflects the mood of the people in that state and not the national mood, he said.
it would be wrong to see the bihar verdict as reflecting the mood of the nation.
assembly elections are based on local factors and situations and social arithmetic has gone in favour of bjp's opponents.
people have given their mandate on a local level and we have accepted that, he said, adding that his party would analyse the results in detail and move forward.
the minister said that to suggest that the bihar verdict will make opposition more aggressive and obstructionist is not really comforting for the people of bihar as well as the country.
he hoped that on the contrary, yesterday's result should be propelling all parties into constructive cooperation in the larger interest of bihar and other states that make india.
naidu said that during the separate special sittings of both houses of parliament, a discussion will be held on the commitment to the constitution as a part of 125th birth anniversary celebration of ambedkar and november 26 will be observed as 'constitution day' commemorating the acceptance of draft constitution on november 26, 1949.
question hour and zero hour will be dispensed with on these two days, he said.
naidu urged the opposition parties to cooperate in passing of pending bills including the one on gst.
replying to questions, he said that the measures for introduction of gst and real estate regulator were initiated long back and needed to be taken to their logical conclusion given the benefits that flow.
opposition parties may have some concerns and the government is always willing to sit with them and address them.
this has been our approach since assumption of office last year, he said.
we will consult them.
the gst bill was originally brought by the congress.
various concerns have been taken on board since then.
it has undergone a sea change.
any further suggestion has to be discussed on the basis of merit.
what is necessary will be done as per the parliamentary practice, naidu said.
to a specific question on the opposition seeking to corner the government on the issue of 'intolerance', he said, all these can be taken up in a discussion.
first one has to talk with tolerance to discuss any issue including intolerance.
sources said that there are eight pending bills in lok sabha and 11 in rajya sabha.
key pending bills include land bill pending before a joint committee of parliament.
finance minister arun jaitley had some time back hinted at a possible consensus on the issues.
new delhi, aug 10, 2015 (pti) 14:57 istrahul gandhi today said congress will allow parliament to function only after external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj discloses her family's financial transactions with lalit modi and hit out at prime minister narendra modi for praising chief ministers of madhya pradesh and rajasthan while remaining silent on their illegal acts.
the congress vice president attacked swaraj for being secretly kind and charitable to lalit modi, whom he termed as a criminal, and asked her to tell the country how much money she and her family have received in their bank accounts from the former ipl chief.
we also agree that parliament must function.
but, we have raised a basic issue.
we have said, and i have said it three times, sushmaswaraj swaraj ji, the chief minister of rajasthan and the chief minister of madhya pradesh have carried out in some cases illegal acts.
in madhya pradesh there are murders happening and our prime minister does not feel it necessary to comment on them.
he praises the chief ministers.
he completely ignores the fact that the future of thousands of people in madhya pradesh has been destroyed by his chief minister.
he completely ignores the fact that there is a business relationship between a criminal and his chief minister of rajasthan, rahul said as the logjam in parliament continued over protests by congress.
at a rally in gaya yesterday, modi had said madhya pradesh and rajasthan have come out of bimaru category under bjp chief ministers and were moving fast on the path of development.
targeting external affairs minister swaraj, rahul said it was nice to hear her speech in parliament about how one should be very kind to lalit modi and should be charitable to him.
you want to be kind, you want to be charitable, why do it in secret.
why hide, why not tell your whole ministry, why not tell the whole country you are doing it, he said.
the congress vice president said he has asked a specific question to swaraj that there are financial transfers that have taken place between lalit modi, who is a criminal wanted by different agencies, and her family.
please explain to the country and the people of india, how much money of lalit modi has come into your bank account and that of your family.
please simply disclose this and the house will function, he said.
asked if congress was isolated in parliament due to its protests, he said, we are not isolated.
rahul also raised the issue of grant of special status to andhra pradesh, saying it is the right of the people of the state and the centre must act fast on it soon.
he also raised the issue of self-immolation by a congress workers yesterday on this demand.
the congress party is fighting for special status of andhra pradesh and it is very sad that the government of india is ignoring what is the right of the people of andhra pradesh.
this is not a favour that is being done to the people of andhra pradesh.
this was promised to them and it is about time government of india takes action and delivers the special status to andhra pradesh, he said.
congress mps have raised the issue in parliament by displaying placards while raising their demand in the din.
hubballi man reunites with his pakistani wifehubballi, dh news service, apr 29 2017, 2:08 ista man from hubballi has been reunited with his pakistani wife after nine months of struggle.
daniel henry devanur had married his distant relative silvia noorin in lahore on june 25, 2016.
but, silvia was unable to travel to india owing to problems in securing visa.
devanur had tweeted his problem to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who in turn contacted the indian consulate in pakistan and silvia eventually got the visa.
silvia reached new delhi on april 19 from where she travelled with her husband to hubballi.
the coupled reached hubballi by train on thursday.
bengaluru, feb 4, 2016, (pti) 14:56 istfive persons have been arrested for the alleged assault and stripping of a tanzanian woman here with the karnataka government today saying it viewed the incident seriously but rejected suggestions that it was a racial attack.
as the incident on sunday night took a serious diplomatic turn, karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah said five men had been arrested and that minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to him.
a report would be sent to her, he said.
case has been registered, five of them (accused) have been arrested.
sushma swaraj also spoke to me, i will also be sending her a report through my chief secretary, he told reporters at invest karnataka 2016, a global investors meet, here.
the chief minister said he has asked the police to conduct an inquiry on why complaint was not taken immediately.
i have asked them to take action against officials if there is any fault on their part, he said.
the 21-year-old tanzanian woman student was allegedly beaten up and stripped by a mob in a case of mistaken identity after a woman was mowed down by a car here.
she was reportedly dragged out of the car in which she was seated along with her three friends when she reached the accident spot mistaking them to have caused the fatal accident though a sudanese was involved in it, police said.
swaraj had described it as a shameful incident and spoken to siddaramaiah, seeking stringent punishment for the guilty, while the high commission of tanzania had sent a note verbale to the external affairs ministry on the issue.
voicing concern over the incident, congress vice president rahul gandhi today sought a report from the karnataka government, according to party general secretary digvijay singh, in charge of congress affairs in the state.
rahul gandhi asks karnataka govt to explain and send report immediately, singh said in a series of tweets.
but asked if the congress high command has sought a report, siddaramaiah said, why will high command seek report on everything?
it is you people who are saying.
.
.
state home minister g parameshwara told a press meet here that five persons had been arrested and more arrests would follow depending on the inquiry.
the minister, who named the victim, denied that the tanzanian woman was paraded naked saying, no such thing happened.
he also said, this is definitely not a racial attack and maintained that the incident was a response to an accident that had happened earlier, in which a sudanese driving a car in an alleged drunken state had mowed down a woman and injured her husband seriously.
noting that the government has taken the case seriously, he said, if there are any lapses on the part of police officials, we will take very serious action, including suspension.
sonia slams modi's 'deafening silence'new delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:17 ist'house disruptions forced on us'in a scathing attack on the government, congress president sonia gandhi on monday accused prime minister narendra modi of retreating into deafening silence on the blatant transgressions of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two chief ministers.
in a clear message, sonia declared that the congress would not cooperate with the government in running the parliament so long as swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan are not sacked.
she said the prime minister has never missed an opportunity to take a moral high ground on transparency, integrity and accountability, but has retreated into a silence mode when it came to blatant transgressions by swaraj and the two chief ministers.
our stand is straightforward and clear from day one.
there is a mountain of incontrovertible evidence in public domain for the prime minister to require the resignations of the external affairs minister and the two chief ministers, she said, virtually sealing the fate of the ongoing monsoon session.
referring to the governments repeated references to its numerical strength, sonia said parliamentary majority did not give anyone the license to evade accountability.
the congress has been demanding the resignations of swaraj and raje for their alleged involvement in facilitating travel documents for former ipl boss lalit modi and chouhan for the vyapam scandal.
seeking to justify the congress pitch for resign first, debate later approach, she wondered whether the bjp has forgotten that it was the author of the principle which it has used on at least five different occasions since 1993.
yesterdays agitators in both the houses have suddenly become todays champions of debate and discussion, sonia said pointing out that those who advocated disruption as a legitimate tactic were giving the congress sermons on parliamentary behaviour.
finance minister arun jaitley dismissed sonias charges and said those rejected by the electorate did not want a popularly elected government to discharge its mandate.
a small minority should not hold the house to ransom and obstruct the proceedings, jaitley said.
a couple of hours later, the congress articulated similar position at the all party meeting convened by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu to break the two-week logjam in parliament.
sonia said the congress wanted parliament to function but was forced to resort to disruptions because of the governments completely brazen attitude.
ministers fan out for yoga day celebrations across the countrynew delhi, june 19, 2015 (pti) 15:51 istwith prime minister narendra modi leading international yoga day event in delhi, several of his cabinet colleagues will be in various states on sunday to spread awareness about the traditional artform.
while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will lead the mega event at the united nations headquarters, home minister rajnath singh will participate at a yoga event in lucknow.
lucknow, kolkata and patna will host mega events to mark the day.
urban development minister venkaiah naidu will travel to chennai where 30,000 people are expected to participate while tourism minister mahesh sharma will visit his constituency in noida to take part in the event.
law minister d v sadananda gowda will be in thiruvananthapuram in kerela to participate in a mega event, while health minister j p nadda will take part in a yoga event scheduled to be held at sanjeevaiah park in hyderabad.
defence minister manohar parrikar will leave delhi early in the morning for meerut where he will take part in a yoga event, while women and child development minister maneka gandhi will participate in an event in her constituency pilibhit.
shripad naik, minister for ayush, the coordinating ministry for the event on june 21 said various union ministers have been assigned different states by the government.
tribal affairs minister jual oram will visit jeypore in odisha on june 21 where he will perform yoga as well as address the gathering.
minister of state for information and broadcasting rajvardhan rathore will be in delhi.
hrd minister smriti irani will be in shimla.
the centre has planned a mega event at rajpath on iyd where around 35,000 people including government officials, armed forces personnel, ncc cadets and foreign diplomats are expected to take part.
the yoga celebrations are being held in the national capital after the united nations had in december last year declared june 21 as international yoga day, with 177 countries voting in favour.
the proposal was mooted by the prime minister during his first address to the un general assembly in september last year.
new delhi: oct 27, 2015, dhns 1:47 istmore than 10 years after inadvertently crossing into pakistan, geeta, a deaf and mute girl, returned to india on monday with support from the two governments.
geeta, however, refused to recognise her perceived parents, whom she had earlier identified from among a group of photographs that were shown to her.
dna tests are now being conducted to check if janardhan mahato and his wife are her biological parents.
till the results are out, geeta will stay at mook-badhir sanghathan, indore  an ngo that runs a school and hostel for deaf and mute children.
i am feeling nervous (facing the media).
i was sad in pakistan and am happy now.
i will do some work and stay here, geeta said in sign language, which was interpreted by monika punjabi from the ngo.
as geeta did not display any emotion after seeing the mahato couple and refused to accept them as her parents, blood samples have been collected from all three to check if they are related.
if the dna samples match, then it will be a complex situation.
we will ask geeta to recollect things.
we will make her sit again with them (mahatos) so that she recollects her memory, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a press conference, accompanied by geeta and bilquees banu from edhi foundation in karachi, geetas home for the last 10 years.
the organisation is run by bilquees and her husband abdus sattar.
even if there is no dna match, geeta will live in indore.
she will learn sign language and will be given vocational training so that she is able to earn, sushmaswaraj added.
bilquees said she suspected the lost kid was an indian from her manners like touching the feet and asking for a bell during religious ceremonies.
when she was given idols of indian deities, she worshipped them in her room, she added.
geeta later met prime minister narendra modi, who welcomed her and donated rs 1 crore to the edhi foundation.
what the edhi family has done is too priceless to be measured but i am happy to announce a contribution of rs 1 crore to their foundation, modi tweeted.
geetas story is closely related to the plot of the popular bollywood movie bajrangi bhaijaan in which the protagonist (salman khan) took it upon himself to ensure the safe return of a deaf and mute pakistani girl to her parents who lost her in samjhauta express.
the movie triggered news reports on the real life story about geeta, which in turn led to government action.
as the news spread, five couples, from punjab, uttar pradesh, bihar, jharkhand and telangana, made claims about geeta being their lost daughter.
geeta did not recognise the couple from uttar pradesh and punjab.
in some cases, the background of the parents did not match with the details geeta had conveyed to the authorities.
even in the case of the mahatos, there are gaping holes in the story.
the couple said they got geeta married, while she maintained that she was too young to enter wedlock.
defiant raje holds fortnew delhi, june 26, 2015, dhns: 2:04 istjaitley says bjp has no tainted leadersas pressure escalated on the centre to act against tainted leaders embroiled in the lalit modi controversy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje showed no signs of bowing to the oppositions demand.
a statement issued by her office in jaipur on thursday evening denied media reports which suggested that her future as chief minister hangs in balance.
the chief ministers press adviser said: by tarnishing or damaging her image, the channels are causing political damage to the chief minister.
.
.
electronic media should not air false news based on rumours.
such news are baseless and before running such news, a confirmation and investigation should be done.
the statement also denied reports that the party central leadership has asked raje to resign.
senior union ministers were also back defending her on thursday, after a days silence.
while bjp chief amit shah refused to comment on the episode, finance minister arun jaitley gave a clean chit to leaders involved in the controversy.
well, there is nobody who is tainted, please, jaitley told reporters.
urban development minister m venkaiah naidu hinted at a conspiracy to destabilise the government.
some people are unhappy ever since narendra modi became prime minister as they are not able to enjoy the way they used to earlier, said naidu.
the congress and aam aadmi party continued to demand the centre to sack raje along with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is also accused of helping disgraced former ipl chief lalit modi procure travel documents from uk authorities to visit his ailing wife in lisbon.
raje has been accused of giving secret statement in support of lalit modis immigration application to the uk.
there are also allegations that lalit modi invested rs 11 crore in rajes son and party mp dushyant singhs company.
the bjp is in a fix as leaders debate the pros and cons of a change in rajasthan, since the opposition is now focussing more on raje realising that she is in a more vulnerable position than sushma.
but bjp leaders are defending raje on the ground that the statement was issued in her personal capacity, much before she took over the reins in rajasthan.
several party leaders, however, admitted that the modi governments image has taken a beating and are wary of succumbing to media-driven campaigns and deadlines.
cong puts govt on tenterhooks; seeks fresh date for gst talksnew delhi, dec 14, 2015, dhns: 2:28 istthe congress on monday kept the modi government on tenterhooks over the goods and services tax (gst) bill by deferring discussions with finance minister arun jaitley to resolve the standoff on the issue.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, his deputy anand sharma and congress chief whip in the lok sabha jyotiraditya scindia joined jaitley and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu for a luncheon meeting to discuss gst issue and the ongoing disruption in parliament.
the opposition leaders, however, cited the absence of congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge and sought a further date when the quorum would be complete.
kharge had not returned to delhi on monday afternoon from karnataka.
the government also roped in external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is known to have good relations across political parties, for negotiations.
irritation in the government camp over the postponement of the meeting was evident.
jaitley, in a terse facebook post, said the current session of parliament is also threatened with a washout.
the reasons for the washout of the current session keep changing by the hour.
the nation is waiting for parliament to discuss public issues, to legislate and approve a historic constitution amendment enabling the gst.
all this is being indefinitely delayed, he said on the social networking platform soon after a meeting with congress leaders ended inconclusively.
jaitley also invoked late prime minister jawaharlal nehru to remind the congress leadership of the their responsibility as parliamentarians.
the congress leaders appeared unaffected by jaitleys remarks.
they only write blogs when we raise issues in parliament.
no action is taken, ghulam nabi azad said.
the government is keen to roll out gst from april 1, but with the deadlock in parliament continuing, it is unlikely to meet the deadline.
lalit modi drags priyanka, vadranew delhi, june 27, 2015, dhns: 1:39 istraging controversy: as nda runs for cover, former ipl chief targets congressas the nda government battled charges of impropriety, former ipl boss lalit modi on friday claimed that he had met priyanka gandhi and her husband robert vadra in london last year.
in a series of tweets, lalit said he had run into robert and priyanka separately at a restaurant in london.
this prompted congress leaders to come out with a quick denial and argue that lalit was making these juvenile claims as a diversionary tactic to rescue to already singed nda government.
by friday evening, even priyanka gandhis office issued a terse denial.
no priyanka-lalit modi meeting took place in london, a statement issued by her office said.
lalit also claimed he sat, ate and spoke with former union minister kapil sibal a few weeks ago at a wedding in istanbul.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje are battling opposition charges of helping out lalit modi who is evading money-laundering case in india by staying in london.
happy to meet the gandhi family in london.
i had run into robert and priyanka separately in a restaurant.
they were with timmy sarna.
he has my number.
they can call me, lalit tweeted on friday.
sarna is reportedly associated with dlf brands.
congress leaders digvijay singh and randeep singh surjewala defended the gandhi family which is currently abroad in connection with party president sonia gandhis medical treatment of an undisclosed ailment.
he (lalit) says he ran into robert and priyanka at a london restaurant.
but looking at each other at a restaurant is not a moral impropriety or a crime, surjewala, the in-charge of the aicc communication department, told reporters here.
congress deniesi can say with full responsibility that neither priyanka gandhi nor robert vadra ever interacted with lalit modi socially, he said.
but in another tweet, lalit said the meeting had taken place last year.
if i remember correctly it was last year and the year before.
doubt either reported it to anyone.
they were in power then, he said.
bjp seized the opportunity to hit back at the congress.
we want to ask questions as to why the gandhi family was constantly in touch withlalit modi.
as to why yesterday also they were meeting lalit modi.
it is thus obvious that none other than sonia gandhi can bring this to forefront, said bjp spokesperson sambit patra.
however, digvijay singh dismissed the claims saying those who had helped lalit modi on paper were now using name of priyanka and vadra as their defence.
new delhi, may 19, 2015 (pti) 17:54 ista day after congress vice- president rahul gandhi graded narendra modi government's performance at zero out of 10, the cpi today said it will give negative marks to the nda dispensation for its anti-farmer, anti-labour and pro-corporate policies.
launching a scathing attack on modi, the party said he is a secretive and an arrogant leader and far different from former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee who would listen to the views of others.
yesterday, rahul gandhi said he will give zero marks to modi government for its performance over the past one year.
but we give it negative marking like for writing wrong answers.
.
.
.
for bringing in wrong policies, cpi general secretary s sudhakar reddy told pti.
reddy said the cpi doesn't intend to target modi on personal front, but added there is a difference between the way he and other leaders function.
he is a secretive type, not open.
he is arrogant though it doesn't reflect in his day-to-day activities.
he is dictatorial.
people are afraid of talking to him.
though we do not agree with their brand of politics, there is a lot of difference between him and vajpayee who would listen to people, he said.
the former mp said that modi not taking along with him external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when on foreign visits is an example of how secretive he is.
normally, the practice is the external affairs minister will accompany the prime minister on foreign visits.
but he takes only those loyal to him like (maharashtra chief minister devendra) fadnavis to visits abroad, he added.
reddy criticised the government's decision to reduce income tax for the rich and allow hike in fdi in insurance and other sectors.
he claimed that centre's labour and land acquisition reforms won't help india attain development.
nearly 50 per cent of the country's population is dependent on agriculture.
if they are thrown out of their lands, then there will be complications.
.
.
crisis of employment it will lead to.
you can't make hasty changes (like the promulgating land acquisition ordinance), reddy said.
reddy said the left parties will hold campaigns at national and local levels, conventions and yatras to reach out to people on issues of secularism, democracy and wrong policies of government.
reddy termed the government's decision to abolish planning commission as unscientific thinking.
he also criticised the prime minister over the hate speeches by bjp mps and added the left parties now plan to launch a sustained and comprehensive campaign to make people aware of the government's wrong decisions and hindutva agenda.
it won't be a direct attack (on the government), but we want to build a broad, independent, democratic and secular platform.
we will join hands with artists, intellectuals to spread the message.
we will support such agitations, he added.
aap wants smriti out in three daysnew delhi, june 25, 2015, (ians) 14:51 istdelhi's ruling aap on thursday threatened nationwide protests if hrd minister smriti irani did not quit within three days over the discrepancies over her educational qualification.
stepping up its attack on the bjp-led government, the aam aadmi party also dubbed prime minister narendra modi as manmohan singh part ii for not speaking over irani and other controversial issues.
aap leader ashutosh told the media: smriti irani must resign the way (delhi's former law minister) jitendra singh tomar did.
if action is not taken against smriti irani in the next 72 hours, we will hold protests all across the country.
a delhi court has taken note of a complaint that smriti irani allegedly misrepresented her educational qualification in election affidavits.
the aap also demanded the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over their alleged links with former ipl chief lalit modi.
the aap questioned the bharatiya janata party leadership over these controversies involving the three women leaders.
modi claims to be a strong leader but silence is making him manmohan singh part ii.
revocation of passport far too wide and excessive: hcnew delhi, june 18, 2015, dhns: 1:18 istthe delhi high court in august 2014 restored the passport of industrialist and cricket administrator lalit modi, because it held that its revocation three years ago had been a far too wide and excessive action against him as his only offence was non-compliance of summons issued by the enforcement directorate.
the revocation order is far too wide, excessive and/or disproportionate to the mischief or evil of non-compliance of summons issued by the directorate of enforcement, a division bench of the delhi high court observed in its judgment on august 27, 2014.
the delhi high courts order restoring modis passport in fact came just a few weeks after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj acted on a request from the former indian premier league commissioner and told british high commissioner in new delhi that india would not have any objection if the uk granted him a travel document to visit portugal to be present during a surgery his wife would undergo there.
modi needed the travel document from the british government as he was in london and he did not have a valid passport to travel out of the uk.
the ed had on october 4, 2010 written to the regional passport officer in mumbai that the passport of modi should be revoked as a complaint had been lodged against him under section 13 of the foreign exchange management act and he had been issued a show-cause notice for non-compliance summonses issued by the agency.
off the recordtough seasonthis was a difficult season for most of the politicians around, except a few.
when parliament met after the assembly poll results, most of the vocal leaders from the congress were shying away from the media, so was the case of bjp leaders.
both parties did not have anything big to say.
leaders like kapil sibal and salman khurshid went into silence.
sibal who has been ready all the time to react on any topic, remained silent on many serious issues including the much hyped army chief row.
khurshid did the same.
in bjp too, similar nervousness could be noticed.
most of the leaders were keeping low profile.
media favourites like arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj were more than cautious.
they did not want the situation to precipitate to the extent that it should warrant mid-term poll.
this alignment on issues between both the big parties-congress and the bjp- was seen when both of them joined hands in condemning team annas assertions against parliament.
the bjp, otherwise has been soft to the team.
the rough season was also painful to leaders like mamata banerjee.
she sacrificed dinesh trivedi to have some political mileage, but the congress made her realise that mulayam will replace her in the upa if she takes an extreme position .
she had to be soft afterwards.
the season made no difference to left leaders like d raja and sitaram or jdu leaders like shivanand tiwari who remained vocal and insisting as usual.
seasons do not affect us.
we do our work, said one of the left leaders.
anil sinha, new delhibusiness gyanwhat life teaches, one may not learn even in the best of b-schools.
nuggets of some rare extra-sensory perceptions (esp)s that helped business leaders to balance their books even in bad times came to the fore at a cii meet here recently on thriving in an imbalanced world.
when everything is volatile- from technology to currency markets, ganesh lakshminarayanan, president of dell india ltd discovered that the best strategy to adopt was by constantly defining us as the underdog!
it helped us become no.
1 in india in five years, mused ganesh.
for g v sanjay reddy, vice-chairman of infrastructure major g v k industries ltd., who has to address issues from governments to mafia, speed and agility is vital.
competing against global giants, g v ks final successful bidding for an australian coal major, was taken with a blackberry on a flight from australia to delhi, he candidly shared.
ashok leylands veteran r seshasayee had a gem from the classical tamil poetess, avvaiyar.
of the two tamil kings of her days, paari and athiyaman, the bard eulogised the latter more despite his ill-kept armoury.
paaris armoury was shining and well-stocked, but he was not winning wars, while athiyamans shabbily-kept weapons were constantly in use to win wars!
moral: dont miss the wood for the trees, said seshasayee.
m r venkatesh, chennaireddy, steady, get set, go!
the 21st national congress of the communist party of india (cpi), held in patna after a gap of 26 years, will go down into the annals of history where party patriarch and cpis general secretary ab bardhan made way for sudhakar reddy.
sudhakar has followed the practice in cpi where its the partys deputy general secretary, who is eventually elevated as the next general secretary.
bardhan too was deputy general secretary when he took over as national general secretary after his predecessor indrajit gupta became union home minister in the united front government.
in the history of cpi, only sa dange has been the communist leader, who held the post of party chairman in the 70s (when the jp movement was at its peak).
since then, general secretaries have run the party, like in other left groups.
but then what did the veteran communists discuss throughout the five-day session?
they minced no words in slamming the upa governments economic policies, castigated bjp for stooping too low (porn-gate in karnataka and gujarat), raised accusing fingers at defence deals (and row over army chiefs letter to pm), and, above all, adopted a resolution condemning israels occupation of palestinian territories.
no wonder, political consular of the palestinian embassy in india, zukaia mohammad darzaid was also present on the occasion when the cpi passed a resolution in this regard.
kem cho, obama asks modiwashington, sep 30, 2014 (ians): 10:17 istkem cho, said us president barack obama as he greeted indian prime minister narendra modi.
the 'kem cho' moment.
prez @barackobama greets pm @narendramodi at doorstep of the white house, tweeted indian external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin tuesday.
'kem cho' in gujarati means how are you.
modi is on a five-day visit to the us.
he arrived at new york and then flew down to washington.
unprecedented scenes led to cong mps' suspensionnew delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:35 istmonsoon session: they were trying to prevent cameras from filming ministershours before speaker sumitra mahajan suspended 25 congress mps from the lok sabha for five days, the house witnessed an unprecedented scene.
the agitating mps held up large placards to prevent tv cameras from filming ministers replying to queries during question hour.
some congress mps also stood near the speaker's podium, attempting to ensure their placards, with anti-government slogans, were aired on lok sabha tv whenever the cameras turned to mahajan.
the channel crew had to jockey with nine cameras installed in the house, as the protesting mps trooped into the well with large placards soon after the house met on monday.
as mahajan continued with the question hours proceedings amid din, the congress mps kept moving in the well, shouting slogans against the bjp-led government and holding up placards to prevent cameras from filming members asking supplementary questions and ministers replying.
congress mps gaurav gogoi, sushmita dev, deepender hooda, k c venugopal and rajiv satav held up placards in front of union ministers bandaru dattatreya, manoj sinha and ashok gajapati raju as they answered questions.
the speaker repeatedly read out the names of several congress mps and asked them not to display the placards, reminding them they were violating house rules.
the mps, however, did not relent.
hooda was even seen shouting slogans before the chair through a poster rolled up into a megaphone-like shape.
the lok sabha tv crew, however, quickly switched from one remote-controlled camera to another to avoid airing visuals of the protests or the placards, which had anti-government slogans, like dagiyo se muh modo, pradhanmantri chuppi todo (turn away from the tainted and break your silence, prime minister), and bade modi meherban, to chhote modi pahalwan (the younger modi is powerful as the older modi is kind to him).
the congress mps were demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers, vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, respectively.
they accused raje of helping ipl ex-commissioner lalit modi get a travel document from the uk when his indian passport had been revoked for not complying with the enforcement directorate summonses.
chouhan was being targeted for his purported involvement in a recruitment scam in his state.
samajwadi party (sp) and leftist parties' mps joined the agitation, but only dharmendra yadav of the sp held a placard, urging the government to make public the data collected during the nationwide socio-economic and caste census.
nationalist congress party, aam aadmi party and trinamool congress mps were also seen standing, although they did not come down to the well.
congress president sonia gandhi, vice-president rahul gandhi and leader of the party in the lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, were on their seats when the mps were protesting.
sonia was seen discussing something with sp chief mualayam singh.
pm should resign if he can't ask 4 women mins to step down: congnew delhi, jun 27, 2015, (pti) 19:47 istcongress today said prime minister narendra modi should step down if he was finding himself helpless in securing resignations of four women ministers who are under attack for alleged wrongdoing.
if the prime minister is helpless in securing the resignations, he should tell people about his failure to ensure zero tolerance to corruption and offer his resignation, party spokesman raj babbar told reporters.
hitting hard at the prime minister over his continued silence over the raging controversy, he said, four women have turned speechless the most frank and outspoken man.
the four ministers being targeted by the congress are rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, hrd minister smriti irani and maharshtra minister pankaja munde.
he wondered if the prime minister had the moral right to continue in office when he could not ensure his commitment to people that he will not resort to any corruption, nor allow anyone to do so.
will a guard be allowed to continue in his post if a theft occurs at the place he is guarding.
if the guard does not resign, he will be removed, babbar said.
attacking the ruling party for failing to take action against the four leaders, he said bjp has made a mockery of the issue of women's empowermenttaking a veiled dig at the bjp and the modi dispensation, babbar, who was also an actor, cited the example of a hindi film 'besharam' (shameless).
he said that despite a good starcast, the film bombed at the box office.
babbar also took a jibe at the rss, saying the outfit which projects itself as comprising patriots and honest people, was silent on the issue.
the congress leader said that while the first year of the modi government was marked by communal statements by several bjp leaders including union ministers, the second year has started with surfacing of scams and scandals.
earlier in the day, another party spokesman ajoy kumar accused the prime minister of following raje dharma and not rajya dharma by shielding raje and swaraj.
pm calls for global endeavour to fight terrorismnew delhi, dec 18, 2014, dhns 1:25 istprime minister narendra modi on wednesday joined parliamentarians in the lok sabha to mourn the victims of the carnage at a pakistan school, as india called upon the international community to launch a global endeavour to decisively and comprehensively defeat terrorism.
a day after taliban militants stormed into a school and killed at least 144, including 132 children, at peshawar in khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan, india joined its western neighbour in grief with both the houses of parliament observing silence to pay homage to the victims.
the lok sabha, where the prime minister was present, adopted a resolution, condemning the despicable, senseless, horrendous and cowardly terrorist attack in pakistan.
chairman m hamid ansari led the rajya sabha in deploring the senseless and brutal cowardly act.
modis national security advisor ajit doval drove to the high commission of pakistan in new delhi to offer condolence on behalf of the prime minister and the government of india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a statement in both the houses on the back-to-back incidents in australia and pakistan.
the events of the last two days were on two different continents; in different hemispheres; on our two opposite flanks.
while seemingly disparate, both are manifestations of the darkening shadow of terrorism.
.
.
all those who believe in humanity (must) join hands to decisively and comprehensively defeat terrorism.
the whole of india is shocked and stunned to learn about this unbelievable carnage by the terrorists.
no words are adequate to express our pain and agony on the killing of innocent schoolchildren, doval wrote on the condolence book at the high commission of pakistan.
india stood by pakistan after taliban militants massacred peshawar schoolchildren.
speaker sumitra mahajan on wednesday moved a resolution in the lok sabha, expressing shock, sense of deep outrage, profound sorrow and condemning the despicable, senseless, horrendous and cowardly terrorist attack.
the resolution stated that all barbaric terrorist attacks, against innocent people, especially vulnerable children, should not be tolerated and harshest and exemplary punishment should be meted out to the perpetrators of such heinous crimes.
new delhi, feb 20, 2016, (pti) 15:41 istsuccess of nepal's new constitution will depend on consensus and dialogue and india was for peace, stability and overall development of the himalayan nation, prime minister narendra modi said today after holding extensive talks with his nepalese counterpart k p sharma oli.
the two leaders deliberated on all aspects of the bilateral relationship, particularly the political situation in nepal, following which oli said misunderstandings that persisted in the last few months no longer exist.
the two sides inked nine mous to expand cooperation in a range of areas including in transport and power sectors.
the relationship between the two countries had soured in the wake of agitation by the india-origin madhesi community, which shares close family and cultural ties with indians, opposing nepal's constitution.
the announcement of the new constitution in nepal came after decades of struggle in nepal.
it is a major achievement.
i appreciate the contribution of the political leadership and people of nepal for it.
but its success depends on consensus and dialogue.
i am confident on the basis of these principles and through political dialogue and by taking all sections together, you (oli) will be able to resolve all issues relating to the constitution satisfactorily and take nepal forward towards the path of development and stability, modi said in his media statement, in presence of oli.
the prime minister said india always wanted peace, stability and prosperity of nepal and that it would extend all possible help to ensure its all-round development.
on combating terrorism, the prime minister said, we will not allow terrorists and criminals to use our open border.
in this regard the security agencies of the two countries will intensify cooperation.
oli on his part said india will remain a close friend of nepal and that the misunderstandings that persisted between the two countries in the last few months no longer exist.
modi said it was clear that nepal's stability is linked to india's security and that the two sides agreed to fight growing extremism and terrorism.
the two prime ministers also dedicated 400 kv dhalkebar-muzaffarpur transmission line via tele-inauguration from hyderabad house.
india will supply 80 mega watt of power through the line to nepal now and it will be enhanced to 600 mw in the next two years.
india's assistance has always been constructive.
our actions have been in line with the priorities of people of nepal, modi said.
the prime minister said both sides are working on a number of hydro-power projects in nepal.
he said trade and investment are strong pillars of relations between the two countries and mentioned about the joint initiatives to construct roads in terai region which he said will boost trade and infrastructure.
the earthquake hit nepal, but its pain was felt by every indian.
our usd 1 billion assistance package will take forward our cooperation in this area, he said.
the nepalese prime minister thanked modi and people of india for spontaneous support in aftermath of earthquake in nepal last year.
earlier, oli was accorded a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan where modi was also present.
before the talks between the prime ministers, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on oli.
during the meeting, he conveyed to her that nepal is and will remain a reliable friend of india.
official sources said oli told swaraj that he wants to move forward in the relationship which is not man-made but entirely natural and civilizational.
swaraj and oli also discussed reconstruction efforts in nepal which was hit by a devastating earthquake in april last year, sources said.
they discussed political issues, reconstruction assistance, saarc satellite and bilateral cooperation, the sources said.
oli is accompanied by wife radhika shakya, deputy prime minister and foreign minister kamal thapa, finance minister bishnu poudyal, energy minister top bahadur rayamaji and home minister shakti basnet among others.
congress rejects sushma's defence as 'tear-jerker' full of holes'new delhi, aug 6, 2015, (pti) 18:09 istrejecting as tear-jerker union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's emotional statement on lalit modi controversy, congress today said it was puntured with multiple holes and attacked prime minister narendra modi saying he cannot brazen up it by remaining silent.
party spokesperson anand sharma accused modi and swaraj of once again having misled the nation shamelessly and unbashedly.
you must have seen external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's tearjerker.
what we saw was an apology of defence.
it is a hogwash which is difficult to accept.
it is punctured with multiple holes and is contradictory.
the basic question is: should a minister clandestinely arrange, facilitate or make requests for travel documents to a fugitive, which were rejected by the british government earlier, sharma told reporters here.
he was reacting to the statement of swaraj in the lok sabha in which she said that she had not helped lalit but his cancer-stricken wife and questioned if sonia gandhi would have acted differently if faced with such a situation.
his wife has been suffering from cancer for the last 17 years and it is the 10th time it has recurred.
.
.
i want to ask what sonia gandhi would have done had she been in my place.
would she have left her to die?
rejecting the defence, sharma said that modi government first murdered democracy by suspending 25 congress mps.
the arrogance of power reached its zenith today when modi government brazenly asked foreign minister swaraj to explain away her unpardonable impropriety, willful lies, criminal intent, gross misuse of office and patent conflict of interest in garb or humanitarian grounds to help lalit modi-an indian fugitive accused of black money laundering, hawala, match-fixing and rigging of contracts, he said.
sharma said lalit had admitted his request for travel documents was rejected by british authorities on july 3, 2014.
by her own admission contained in her tweets dated june 14, 2015, swaraj enabled the british government to give lalit modi travel documents.
obviously, swaraj's intervention helped lalit modi get the travel documents by making the british authorities reverse their decision.
she hid the fact that the the british government had earlier rejected lalit's applications for travel documents.
did swaraj respond after british government or its authorities asked her or the indian government about it.
what can be a greater recommendation (sifarish) than a minister on her own taking up a fugitive's travel document issue with foreign authorities, he said.
swaraj insisted in lok sabha that she had made no request or recommendation to the uk government for giving travel documents to lalit modi but had left the decision to britain.
swaraj, whose ouster is being demanded vigorously by the opposition leading to a deadlock in parliament, made a statement with a preface in which she regretted that her friends in the opposition had been targeting her and were not even ready to listen to her version on the issue.
sharma, however, rejected her arguments and claimed that efforts to help lalit modi began soon after modi government came to power.
one of the principal explanatioins given by swaraj for helping lalit was that lalit had to give consent for surgey to his wife in portugal.
documents reveal this claim is patently false.
patients' right in portungal warrants that only patient had the right to decide to take or refuse treatment.
a written consent is not required in portugal at all, he said.
he also countered the external affairs minister's claims saying swaraj also explained that she was facilitating travel documents for lalit for treatment of his wife.
keith vaz, chairman, home affairs committee, house of commons uk on the other hand stated that travel documents were required for attending a marriage and treatment of wife.
at another place, he stated that documents were required by lalit for marriage of his sister and meeting president of seychellles.
which one of these contradictory versions is really correct?
is it not apparent that swaraj and vaz were trying to help secure travel documents for lalit for conflicting reasons?
holding that swaraj could not have done all this without jaitley, collective responsibility of the cabinet and knolwedge of the prime minister, sharma said the prime minister cannot brazen it up by remaining silent.
accountability cannot have double standards.
there cannot be one rule for others and another for the prime minister and his cabinet colleagues, sharma said.
he claimed that upa ministers were made to resign even when they were not complicit because running parliament was considered greater than the interests of individuals.
it is the prime minister and this government, which is completely responsible for disruption in parliament.
the prime minister is complicit by his silence in the entire episode.
it is his arrogance and obduracy that is responsible for the logjam in parliament, he said.
modi praises modi: ex-ipl chief seeks to mend fences with pmnew delhi, june 27, 2015, (ians) 15:30 istthe man who is instrumental in inviting the wrath of the opposition on the ruling bharatiya janata party (bjp) and its leader narendra modi now appears to be seeking to make amends, after the party said it would seek an interpol 'red corner notice' against him.
lalit modi, sitting in london, tweeted on saturday that prime minister modi was a most savy (sic) man.
the former chief of the indian premier league, embroiled in several controversies and whose passport was revoked by the indian government, said that when he (modi) bats, he will hit the ball out of the park.
lalit modi, who has been putting out reams of information through tweets and other media, was apparently helped by external foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje, at a time when he was being sought by the enforcement directorate during the previous united progressive alliance regime.
modi's tweet praising the prime minister came on the day raje was in delhi, for an official meeting, but was planning to meet the bjp brass to give her side of the story.
according to sources, she was expected to meet the prime minister, but latest reports said that the meeting had not come through.
raje has accepted that she had signed a document supporting the application of lalit modi for a residence visa in britain.
the opposition parties say that at best this points to an impropriety by a leading bjp leader when the ipl chief was wanted by the authorities in india.
lalit modi, who has been staying in london for several years, is sought by the enforcement directorate for alleged financial irregularities when he was the ipl head.
he has been tweeting regularly, often implying nothing more than a meeting with political figures.
on friday he said that he and senior congress leader kapil sibal had chatted over three days during a wedding in istanbul.
earlier the same day, modi tweeted that he bumped into congress president sonia gandhi's daughter priyanka and her husband robert vadra in a london restaurant last year.
he did not imply any wrongdoing or impropriety on their part.
but the bjp, under attack for supporting a fugitive, immediately reacted asking the congress president to explain what the meeting between the three was all about.
new delhi, dec 25, 2015 (ians) 22:20 istthree indian youths, who were allegedly physically tortured by their employer in saudi arabia, will return to india early saturday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on friday.
all the three indian workers are reaching trivandrum from saudi arabia by flt fz 439 at 02.
30 hrs on 26 december 2015, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
on wednesday, the minister said india had approached the saudi police and got the youths police protection.
according to reports, the three youths, hailing from haripad in kerala's alappuzha district, were taken to saudi arabia by a placement agency on false job promises.
a video recorded by one of the youths and circulating on whatsapp shows their saudi employer beating them with a wooden plank.
addressing an india-china media forum at the start of her four-day visit here, she said the two countries should follow action oriented approach, broad base bilateral engagement, convergence of common, regional and global interests, develop new areas of cooperation, expand strategic communication, fulfil common aspirations to usher in an asian century.
she said prime minister modi already met chinese president xi jinping thrice and once premier li keqiang.
our relationship today has reached a level where we have interactions in fields that could not have been imagined some years ago.
they contribute to the maintenance of peace and tranquillity there, a perquisite to, for the further development of our relationship.
on the boundary question my government is committed to exploring early settlement, she said, referring to the long pending boundary issue.
chinese position is that the border dispute is confined to 2,000 kms mostly on arunachal pradesh whereas india asserts that the dispute covered the western side of the border spanning to about 4,000 km.
the two countries have held 17 rounds of special representative talks so far to resolve the boundary dispute.
the issue also figured during talks between prime minister modi and chinese president xi during his historic visit to india in september last year.
the two leaders had agreed to make efforts to resolve the border dispute at the earliest.
new delhi, nov 21, 2015, (pti): 20:56 istasserting that pluralism and multi-culturalism are at the very core of the indian psyche, president pranab mukherjee today warned that worst impulses of intolerance and hatred are confronting the world and the time has come to reinforce civilisational values that bind together the country's complex diversity.
we are today, witnessing events without precedent: when the world is struggling to deal with the worst impulses of intolerance and hatred that mankind has ever witnessed.
at such a time, there can be no better recourse that to remind ourselves of the high values, written and unwritten samskaras (tradition), duties and the way of life that is the essence of india.
this is the time to reinforce the civilisational values that bind together the complex diversity of modern-day india and promote them among our people and the world, he said while inaugurating the first-ever international conference of indologists here.
ever since the dadri lynching, killing of two dalit children in uttar pradesh and unrelenting protest by intellectuals, scientists, film-makers and others over rising intolerance, mukherjee has been appealing for tolerance and pluralism.
he asked the scholars, who will be deliberating on various matters during the three-day conference, not to excessively dwell on ancient times or merely fill us with nostalgia about india's grand past but highlight the manner in which pluralism and multi-culturalism are at the very core of the indian psyche.
i am confident that your deliberations over the next three days will highlight the manner in which pluralism and multi-culturalism are at the very core of the indian psyche.
they will surely make an important contribution to our existing body of knowledge in the area of indology, the president told the gathering that included 22 leading indologists from different parts of the world as also several indian scholars.
mukherjee also gave away the first distinguished indologist award to prof emeritus heinrich freiherr von stietencron of germany in recognition of his great work in indology, which is study of india from the perspectives of history, culture, religious and languages, among others.
the award, instituted by external affairs ministry and indian council for cultural relations, comprises usd 20,000 and a citation.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was also present during the function.
new delhi, jul 14, agencies: 9:53 isttwo c-17 globemaster aircraft left for south sudan's capital city juba on thursday morning to evacuate over 300 indians stranded there.
evacuation operatation, named sankat mochan is led by minister of state for external affairs v k singh.
the general takes charge again!
2 c-17s proceeding to juba with @gen_vksingh leading evacuation from south sudan, mea spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
singh had also supervised evacuation of nearly 4,000 indians from conflict- ridden yemen last year.
india has been closely monitoring developments in south sudan, which is witnessing heavy fighting between former rebels and government soldiers in several parts of the city.
a task force has been set up for the purpose.
according to the ministry, there are around 600 indians in south sudan, of them 450 are in juba and nearly 150 are outside the capital.
my colleague @gen_vksingh is leading this operation.
thanks to my colleague @manoharparrikar and my best wishes to the brave indian air force who are carrying out op #sankatmochan.
mining baron reddy completes a year behind barsbangalore, sep 4, 2012 (ians) 1:33 istgali janardhana reddy, a struggling businessman who became a billionaire in less than a decade and dictated terms to bjp in karnataka, completes a year behind bars sep 5 on charges of illegal mining.
the former karnataka bjp minister, however, continues to make news -- for wrong reasons though, like cash-for-bail deal which has sent his brother gali somashekara, a bharatiya janata party (bjp) legislator, also to jail.
the third reddy brother gali karunakara has so far not been snared by the wheeling-dealing of janardhana, the most vocal of the siblings, sons of an andhra pradesh police constable but making iron ore rich bellary in north karnataka their home and political base decades ago.
like janardhana, karunakara was also a minister in the first bjp government.
now he is only a legislator.
janardhana was arrested by the central bureau of investigation last sep 5 from his palatial home in bellary, about 300 km from bangalore on karnataka-andhra border, and was lodged in hyderabad's chanchalaguda jail over illegal mining case in that state.
janardhana and his wife laskhmi aruna own the obulapuram mining company which operated in andhra pradesh.
they also own associated mining company which operated in karnataka.
janardhana is charged with illegal mining both in andhra and karnataka.
his wife is also an accused in the karnataka case but has not been arrested.
of the one year behind bars, janardhana spent first six months - till march 1 this year in chanchalaguda jail.
since march 2, he has been parappana agrahara jail in east bangalore.
the reddy brothers' close associate and former minister b. sriramulu, who has since quit bjp and launched own party, is facing the heat over the cash-for-bail deal.
he has been interrogated by andhra pradesh anti corruption bureau.
besides gali somashekara reddy, the cash-for-bail scam has sent another karnataka bjp legislator t.h. suresh babu also to jail, apart from cbi judge t. pattabhirama rao who had granted bail to janardhana reddy in the illegal mining case.
the andhra pradesh high court later cancelled the bail.
as the once powerful reddy spent the year in jail, the bjp in karnataka continued to be rocked by various scandals and dissidence leading to unseating of d.v. sadananda gowda last july and installing of jagadish shettar as party's third chief minister in four years.
one senior bjp leader still haunted by decade long association with reddy brothers is sushmaswaraj swaraj who had taken on congress president sonia gandhi in bellary in the 1999 lok sabha polls.
sushma swaraj lost the polls but kept visiting bellary every year for nearly a decade to perform 'varamahalakshmi vratha' or worship of hindu wealth goddess lakshmi as the 1999 electioneering coincided with the major festival in karnataka.
she distanced herself from the reddy brothers once the mining scandal became a hot issue two years ago.
however, she occasionally faces taunt from congress and other parties on how much money she had received from the reddy brothers.
the latest taunt was from the irrepressible rashtriya janata dal leader lalu prasad.
retorting to sushmaswaraj swaraj's claim that congress had made mota maal (a huge sum) from 'coalgate', lalu prasad hit back asking who received the mota maal from the reddy brothers.
in jail or out of it and in power or deprived of it, reddy brothers seems set to make news or find their names being useful to taunt those associated with them.
dalip singh, new delhi, dh news service, may 29 2017, 8:41 ista trap laid by indian woman uzma turned out as the perfect anchor for external affairs ministry to successfully complete the diplomatic operation for liberating her from a pakistani man who had forcibly married her.
uzma's gharwapsi which happened on thursday appeared to be a script of another bollywood potboiler on cross-border love story horribly gone wrong.
uzma, believed to be in her 20s, had tricked tahir ali to come to indian high commission in islamabad on a cooked up version that as per her indian customs the brides family gives rs 1.
5 lakh cash as a wedding gift to the bridegroom, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj narrating the untold tales of the episode lapped up by media on her return to the national capital.
uzma told ali that her brother, who she claimed was employed at indian high commission, would hand him over the nek knowing that he was greedy.
both went to the high commission in islamabad.
ujma, however, managed to convince deputy high commissioner jp singh about the nightmare she was passing through  that began with ali drugging her at wagah border to take her to a far off remote house where other wives and children were staying.
the residence was filled with guns and loud sound of firing would deaf her ears.
as per her request, a couple working with the mission was told to interact with ali posing as her brother and sister-in-law.
uzma requested the high commission to give shelter to her or she would commit suicide if asked to accompany ali.
she requested to tell her so-called husband to go back to his home since she will be staying with her brother, for the time being, the minister said.
the minister, however, said she was cautious and asked the high commission to confirm her indian roots before moving ahead.
the minister approached her family and called wasim ahmed to speak to uzma from the official phone.
she was kept inside the high commission complex under the tutelage of women employees owing to uzma's emotional breakdown  she would often insist that she would prefer to swallow poison rather than going back to tahil ali whom she courted in malaysia.
due to the cooperation of pakistan foreign and interior ministries and their court's direction, uzma was allowed to go back.
at around 2.
30 pm late on wednesday night, jp singh drove her to wagah border.
but, there the two had to wait for two hours in the official car before the border opened for crossing over.
pravasi bharatiya divas to have modi touchnew delhi, dec 22, 2014, dhns: 1:26 istthe next pravasi bharatiya divas will have a distinctive brand narendra modi touch, as the annual jamboree of overseas indians will be held in prime ministers home state gujarat early january 2015 and the bjp-led government is keen to use the conclave to highlight his flagship make in india and swachh bharat campaigns.
with the next pravasi bharatiya divas coinciding with the centenary of mahatma gandhis return to india from south africa, the centre and chief minister anandiben patels government in gujarat will hold the conclave at mahatma mandir in gandhinagar to celebrate the legacy of the father of the nation in the state.
the union ministry of overseas indian affairs is expecting close to 3,000 overseas indian citizens and people of indian origins to attend the conclave.
the prime minister, who made it a point to engage with indian diaspora in almost all his foreign visits, will inaugurate the divas on january 8 and is expected to interact with the overseas indians.
the two-day event would be closely followed by vibrant gujarat global investors summit, which would be held by the pates government and presided over by prime minister on january 11.
the government had also invited foreign minister of south africa, maite nkoana-mashabane, but she had not yet confirmed her visit, added swaraj.
ban ki-moon, the secretary general of the united nations, and us secretary of state, john kerry, are among the dignitaries, who will attend the vibrant gujarat global investors summit.
many of the nri and pio delegates attending the divas are also expected to stay back for the vibrant gujarat meet.
though the practice of holding the divas every january was started by atal bihari vajpayees bjp-led nda government in 2003, the congress-led upa regime continued to hold the same over the past 10 years.
the dream with which vajpayeeji had launched pravasi bharatiya divas remained unfulfilled, although the annual congregation continued to be held every year, said swaraj, promising that the divas 2015 would be different.
she said that the divas would start with two sessions  bharat ko jano (know india) and bharat ko mano (respect india)  exclusively for the young nris and pios.
cong-ruled states may not take partchief ministers of all the bjp-ruled states will participate in the pravasi bharatiya divas in prime minister narendra modis home state next month, but governments of only three of the states where the party is not in power responded to the invitation from the centre to attend the conclave, dhns reports.
cong steps up demand for sushmaswaraj swaraj's sackingnew delhi, jun 16, 2015 (pti) 12:02 istcongress today stuck to its demand for sacking of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping lalit modi get travel documents, alleging that the suit boot ki sarkaar was all out to save a person accused of violations and misappropriation of crores of rupees.
the bjp, the external affairs minister and the whole government have come out to save an accused of the enforcement directorate.
the suit boot ki sarkar is doing everything to save an economic offender, congress spokesperson ajoy kumar told reporters here.
sushma swaraj should be sacked as the external affairs minister for her immoral and illegal work in the modigate, which was reflected in the email correspondence between her and the former ipl boss, he alleged.
bjp will have to answer to the people, kumar said.
taking a dig at prime minister, he said that narendra modi should speak out on this issue in his next 'mann ki baat' address on the all india radio.
yesterday, the congress had charged the entire bjp and the government with aiding and abetting lalit modi, with tacit approval of prime minister narendra modi and demanded explanation from him.
india and pakistan on tuesday agreed to adhere to the ceasefire along the line of control and the undisputed stretch of border between the two neighbouring nations.
indian army's director general (military operation) lt gen anil chauhan and his counterpart in pakistan army, major general sahir shamshad mirza, spoke over the hotline at 6 pm on tuesday.
they agreed to fully implement the ceasefire understanding of 2003 in letter and spirit forthwith and to ensure that henceforth the ceasefire will not be violated by both sides.
a spokesperson of the indian army said that the hotline contact had been initiated by the dgmo of the pakistan army.
the two dgmos reached the agreement just a day after new delhi ruled out any possibility of restarting the stalled dialogue with islamabad as long as pakistan would not stop exporting terror to india and its armed forces would not refrain from violating ceasefire along the loc as well as the undisputed stretch of the border.
they also agreed that in case of any issue, restraint will be exercised and the matter will be resolved through utilisation of existing mechanisms of hotline contacts and border flag meetings at local commander's level, according to identical press releases issued by the spokespersons of the indian and pakistan armies.
the ministry of external affairs (mea) recently noted that soldiers of the pakistan army and pakistan rangers had violated the ceasefire 1,088 times so far this year.
the ceasefire violations by soldiers of the neighbouring country had led to the death of 36 people and caused injuries to 127 others in jammu and kashmir, the mea stated last week.
new delhi last week lodged a strong protest with islamabad over the recent death of an infant in jammu and kashmir due to ceasefire violation by pakistan along the loc.
jab seema par janaaze uth rahe hon, toh baatcheet ki awaaz acchi nahi lagti (when funerals are taking place on the border, it is not appropriate to hold dialogue), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said during her annual news conference on monday.
talks and terror cannot go together, she added.
in november 2012, uk government had said that development relationship with india would change after 2015 from financial grant aid projects to technical assistance programmes.
we are not worried about britain stopping the (financial) aid.
we are happy because it also implies that britain recognises our economic power, the external affairs minister said while replying to supplementaries during the question hour in lok sabha.
technical cooperation would focus on policy cooperation and skills exchange in areas like growth, trade and investment, education and skill development, health, governance, capacity building, monitoring and evaluation, she added.
the programmes will be implemented in consonance with india's policies and guidelines on technical cooperation, the minister said.
in 2014-15 and current fiscal, five new agreements for technical assistance projects were signed between the two countries.
the uk department for international development's (dfid) india specific plan was for the period from 2008-2015.
during the first phase of dfid's operational plan for india (2008-09 to 2010-11), committment of about rs 8,000 crore was fully utilised.
till december 18 of the current fiscal, dfid has provided rs 190.
06 crore financial aid for government sector programmes.
closer india-palestine ties after abbas' visitsumit kumar may 25 2017, 23:42 istat a time when india has elevated its engagement with israel, with narendra modi all set to become the first indian prime minister to visit israel in july, palestinian president mahmud abbas four days visit to india from may 14 to 17 was viewed as a calibrated effort by the indian government to reinvent the relationship between india and palestine.
this was precisely the reason that modi emphasised new delhis commitment to see the realisation of a sovereign, independent, united and viable palestine, co-existing peacefully with israel.
the two leaders also held a detailed discussion on a wide range of issues, with india and palestine signing five important agreements in the spheres of health, it, agriculture and youth affairs.
indeed, ever since having become one of the first countries to recognise palestine in 1988, india has played a proactive role in garnering support for the palestinian cause in several important forums.
however, it is equally true that indias policy towards palestine started swiftly changing in the post-cold war era.
this became much clearer when in 1992 the narsimha rao government established full diplomatic relations with israel, causing extreme tremors in india-palestine relationship.
the a b vajpayee government further fostered closer engagement with israel.
the upa government, while publicly acknowledging its support to the palestinian authority, also continued to expand cooperation with israel privately.
when modi became prime minister, india decided to give up its unwillingness of publicly acknowledging israel as its trusted friend.
this soon became apparent when modi met his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly in new york in september 2014.
the meeting prompted netanyahu to say that the sky is the limit, as far as india-israel relations are concerned.
on july 3, 2015 india decided to abstain from voting on a un human right council (unhrc) resolution condemning israel for its alleged war crimes during the 2014 gaza conflict.
it was the first time when india took such a step on the israel issue at an international forum.
though the indian government defended its decision to abstain, saying it is not a party to the international criminal court (icc), it greatly angered palatine and the arab states.
palestinian flagrealising the growing resentment against india in palestine and in the member countries of the organisation of islamic conference (oic), the modi government expressed its continued support the palestine cause and also voted in favour of the palestinian flag being unfurled at the un in september 2015.
president pranab mukherjee visited palestine in october 2015 and reiterated that friendship with the people of palestine has become an integral part of indian foreign policy.
the president also handed over a cheque of $5 million to the palestinian government as budgetary support and announced five projects worth $17.
79 million aimed at capacity building in the palestinian territories.
later, modi travelled to the uae and saudi arabia on july 10, 2015 to assure these countries that there was no shift in indias position on the arab-israel conflict.
india also signed a brics declaration in ufa, russia, rejecting the continuous israeli settlement activities in the occupied territories, which violate international law and seriously undermine peace efforts and threaten the concept of the two state solution.
palestine was also a part of the two day visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and she reiterated indias support to the palestine cause.
by hosting president abbas state visit, the modi government has once again tried to placate the growing concerns of the palestinian leadership about india building ties with israel at the cost of india-palestine relations.
modi has also wanted to use the abass visit to quail any possible resentment in the arab states at his visit to israel, thereby protecting indias economic, energy, strategic and other interests in this region.
at the same time, abbas visit has also enabled modi to silence opposition parties to criticise his visit to israel.
while abbas visit has energised the relationship between india and palestine, the biggest challenge for the two countries is to maintain the momentum, especially in the light of the deepening bonhomie between india and israel.
one can only hope that modis visit to israel would be successful in promoting the opening of a new channel for the reconciliation process between israel and palestine.
indian woman strip-searched at frankfurt airport, swaraj seeks reportnew delhi, apr 1, 2017 (pti) 23:31 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
dh file photoan indian woman was allegedly strip-searched at frankfurt airport, prompting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today to seek a report from the indian consul general concerned.
raveesh - plz send me a report on this.
@cgifrankfurt (sic), swaraj tweeted to indian consul general in frankfurt raveesh kumar.
her tweet came following news reports based on the woman's facebook post in which she alleged that she was strip-searched at the airport while she was on way to iceland from bengaluru on march 29.
we were travelling to iceland from india via frankfurt with our 4-year-old daughter when i was asked to move aside for this 'random check', no explanations offered.
i was taken into a room and was asked to lift my dress/take it off so that i could be checked to make sure i wasn't carrying anything under my clothes, shruthi basappa alleged in the facebook post.
i'm always the 'chosen one' for random security checks - pat down, baggage check, lets take you into a room for a closer pat down etc.
of course it is random.
of course it is not because i'm brown.
but this happens every time.
every.
single.
time, she alleged.
swaraj also assured taking up with pakistan the difficulties faced by hindus there in getting their marriages registered.
these assurances was given by swaraj to rajya sabha bjp mp from punjab avinash rai khanna, who wrote to her highlighting the problems being faced by the hindus in the neighbouring country.
i want to convey assurance of the government that we will continue to monitor developments affecting the welfare of minorities in pakistan and take up the issues at all appropriate meetings, the minister said in her reply to khanna.
she added the government was aware of reports of problems faced by members of minority communities, including hindus, and had taken up the matter with pakistan in the past.
the pakistan government, she said, was fully cognizant of the situation and claimed to be looking after the welfare of all its citizens, particularly the minority community.
khanna, in his letter, had highlighted the problems of hindus in pakistan and said they were facing difficulty in getting marriage certificates issued there.
many hindus are facing problems in pakistan as the authorities are not issuing marriage certificates to them there and their plight is bad, he said.
pravasi bhartiya divas convention kicks off tomorrowahmedabad, jan 6, 2015, (pti) 21:55 istthe 13th edition of pravasi bhartiya divas convention will begin in gandhinagar tomorrow in which nris from over 58 countries are expected to participate, amid tight security in the wake of 'terror' boat incident in arabian sea.
the three-day convention marks the contribution of the overseas indian community in the country's development and aims at connecting india to its vast overseas diaspora and bring their knowledge, expertise and skills on a common platform.
the pbd is the flagship event of ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia), government of india.
2015 is the centenary year of the return of mahatma gandhi to his motherland from south africa on january 9, 1915, from where he led freedom struggle against the british.
gandhji came back to india and travelled across the country to find out the real situation.
he devoted his entire life for the freedom of the country without anyone telling him anything.
it is the duty of indian diaspora to contribute (for) the development of the country, gujarat chief secretary d j pandian told reporters.
after landing in mumbai, gandhi travelled extensively in the country before establishing his base at sabarmati ashram here on the banks of sabarmati river.
on the first day of the event, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and us-based astronaut sunita williams, who has roots in gujarat, will take part in the 'youth pbd' programme at mahatma mandir in gandhinagar, the venue of the convention.
prime minister narendra modi is scheduled to inaugurate the main event on january 8 where foreign minister of south africa, maite nikoana-mashabane will be the guest of honour and president of guyana doland ramotar the chief guest.
modi will also inaugurate an exhibition on the life of mahatma gandhi at the venue.
nri delegates from over 58 countries are expected to participate in the event which will have a battery of speakers including vice president hamid ansari, narendra modi, senior cabinet ministers, besides prominent nri personalities spanning the fields of education, politics and business.
on the last day of the event, chief ministers of various states will try to seek investment from nri delegates in their respective states.
the vice-president will give away prestigious pravasi bharatiya awards to individuals of exceptional merit to appreciate their role in india's growth, during the concluding session.
cultural programmes will also be held on a big scale on the evenings of january 8 and 9 for the nris.
unprecedented security arrangements have been made in the wake of the indian coast guard recently intercepting a boat with suspected terrorists on its board off porbandar.
the boat sank after its crew started fire.
bjp says it's not averse to have reddy back in its foldjan 21 ,2015 ,bengaluru, dhns 2:49 iston a day when the supreme court granted bail to gali janardhana reddy in the illegal mining case, the bjp state unit on tuesday welcomed him to rejoin the party.
we are happy reddy has got bail.
we wish he is cleared of all the charges.
if he is willing to associate himself with the bjp, the party will take a call, said karnataka bjp president pralhad joshi.
technically, reddy, who has been behind bars for three years and four months, is still a bjp member.
the party did not expel him even after he was arrested by the cbi in september 5, 2011.
sources said the bjp may not directly invite him, but would accept him if he wished to become an active member again.
reddys brothers karunakara, somashekara and his one-time aide b sriramulu are with the bjp.
karunakara is not in touch with janardhana reddy.
sriramulu briefly left the bjp to float bsr congress in 2012.
the party won four seats in the 2013 assembly elections.
however, a year later, during the lok sabha polls, sriramulu decided to rejoin the bjp.
this development is said to have had the consent of janardhana reddy.
sriramulu won from the ballari lok sabha seat on a bjp ticket.
the bsr congress has three mlas.
several bjp leaders in ballari, including chandra naik, b somalingappa and nemiraj naik, have maintained a cordial relationship with reddy.
while there could be opposition from b s yeddyurappa (whose government reddy once tried to topple) on the bjp welcoming reddy, there is also a feeling that the former minister could revive the partys prospects, especially in ballari.
the bjp won only one of the nine seats in ballari district in the 2013 assembly polls.
the people of ballari feel there was a lot of development when reddy was the district in-charge minister, bjp ballari district vice president anantha padmanabha said.
former chief minister b s yeddyurappa said in raichur on tuesday that attempts should be made to ensure janaradhana reddy was acquitted of all the charges against him.
the party president will decide on using the services of reddy in state politics, he added.
leader of the opposition in the legislative assembly, jagadish shettar, said at suttur in mysuru that the bjp central leadership would decide on taking reddy back into the party fold.
keep off politics?
it is said reddy had recently confided in an acquaintance that he would keep off politics.
besides, the ballari reddy team is not sure whether prime minister narendra modi would entertain his re-entry.
it is said sriramulu would have been considered for a ministerial post at the centre had he had the blessings of minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj used to be close to the reddys before the mining scam became public knowledge.
she had strongly opposed the re-entry of sriramulu into the bjp.
but the state unit overlooked her displeasure and fielded him from ballari for the lok sabha poll.
after the fall of reddy, the bjp has packed off from ballari.
the only solace for it was sriramulus victory in the lok sabha poll.
it is yet to find a leader who could revive the party in the district, where reddy once ruled the roost.
transaction between modi, dushyant singh commercial: jaitleywashington, jun 21, 2015 (pti) 16:03 istfinance minister arun jaitley, on a nine-day visit to the us, chose to largely stay mum on the controversy surrounding lalit modi raging back home but said the tainted former ipl chief's rs 11 crore transaction with bjp leader dushyant singh was a commercial one.
i do not want to comment on him (modi), but it's a commercial transaction between two individuals, jaitley said at a press conference here yesterday in response to a question.
the minister was asked: what is the government doing on the transaction of rs 11 crore between lalit modi and dushyant singh?
jaitley responded: how the government could be concerned with a several year old loan transaction between.
.
.
which is a commercial loan transaction by check with all banking approvals in a declared loan transaction.
singh, son of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, has been under attack over media reports that his company received rs 11.
63 crore in investments from modi in 2008.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
when i came to know about the unfortunate killing of a congo national in delhi, we directed stringent action against the culprits.
i would like to assure african students in india that this an unfortunate and painful incident involving local goons, she tweeted.
we will request state governments to depute commissioner of police in all such meetings, said the mea.
official sources said both lt governor and the delhi police chief have been spoken to and they are pursuing the case of killing of the congolese youth.
they said minister singh will also do an outreach event with african students along with concerned embassies to reassure them of safety.
meanwhile, to underscore india's continued support, secretary (economic relations) amar sinha attended an event to celebrate the africa day by the missions here.
sinha had met a group of african heads of missions yesterday, including the dean of the african diplomatic corps and assured them that stringent punishment will be given to those found guilty.
secretary (er) also pointed out that all criminal acts should not be seen as racially-motivated.
thousands of african students continue to pursue their education in india without any issues.
government of india deeply values its relations with foreign students, particularly those from africa with which india has had a historically close relationship.
we will ensure that african students continue to find a welcome home in india and such unfortunate incidents do not recur, the mea said.
the mea said two suspects have already been arrested while one is on the run and that stringent punishment will be given to those involved in the attack on oliver.
woldermariam said the envoys have expressed deep concerns that several attacks and harassment of african students in india have gone unresolved without diligent prosecution and conviction of perpetrators.
they strongly condemn the brutal killing of the african and calls on the indian government to take concrete steps to guarantee the safety and security of africans in india, he said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her junior minister v k singh went into damage-control mode after the african heads of missions (homs) sought deferment of the event, expressing outrage over the recent killing and demanded steps against racism and afro-phobia.
while swaraj assured that india was committed towards the safety and security of african nationals, singh met the representatives of african heads of missions to assuage their concerns while strongly condemning the killing of the youth here last week.
according to indian officials, singh impressed on the african homs the need to continue the tradition (africa day celebrations) but also said that india would be guided by them in the matter after which the african side said they will revert on the issue after deliberating on it internally.
they said the african side seemed to be satisfied with indian efforts to bring to book the culprits of recent attack and were likely to attend the celeberations tomorrow.
when asked if they will attend the celebrations tomorrow, dean of african group head of missions and ambassador of eritrea alem tsehage woldemariam said, let's see.
there is still a day left, in an apparent indication that they may participate in the event.
earlier, the envoys of the 42 african nations, taking strong exception to killing of congolese national masonda ketada oliver last week, said they will not attend the africa day celebrations as the african community in india, including students, are in a state of mourning in memory of the slain african students in the last few years, including oliver.
the indian government is strongly enjoined to take urgent steps to guarantee the safety of africans in india including appropriate programmes of public awareness that will address the problem of racism and afro-phobia in india, he said in a statement.
however, the mea in a separate statement said all criminal acts should not be seen as racially-motivated.
oliver was beaten to death last week in vasant kunj area of south delhi following a brawl over hiring of an autorickshaw.
new delhi: sep 26, 2015, dhns: 2:20 istat least 14 indians have died in the deadly stampede that killed 717 haj pilgrims in mina, saudi arabia, on thursday, while 13 others have suffered injuries.
nine of the 14 indian pilgrims who died are from gujarat, two each from jharkhand and tamil nadu and one from maharashtra, according to the haj mission at the consulate general of india in jeddah.
our consul general, jeddah, reports loss of 14 indian lives in stampede.
we have 13 injured in hospital, tweeted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
she, however, indicated that the number of indian casualties might be higher.
the exact number will be known after confirmation by saudi (arabian) authorities, she added.
the ministry of external affairs could not confirm the number of indian casualties till late in the evening on thursday, as the saudi arabian government took hours to officially confirm identity of the deceased.
the stampede took place on jadid street in mina, an area where most of the tents were occupied by pilgrims from african and arab countries.
indians were mostly staying in a different area, on souq-al-arab street and jawhara street.
this prompted new delhi to initially hope that the possibility of any pilgrim from the country being hurt or killed in the incident would be slim.
on september 11, at least 12 indians were killed when a construction crane crashed into the crowded grand mosque in mecca.
over 1,36,000 pilgrims from india are taking part in the annual pilgrimage this year.
burial in meccaseven members of the nagori family from ahmedabad undertook the haj this year.
of these, two women, johrabibi mahamadshafi and rukhsanabibi mohamad ishak nagori, have lost their lives and naeem nagori is still missing.
this is most unfortunate.
i have been in touch with the family.
we are praying for naeems safe return, said gyasuddin sheikh, legislator from dariapur in ahmedabad and member of the haj committee.
sheikh said the dead will be cremated in mecca.
parliament's monsoon session to begin on july 21new delhi, jun 24, 2015, (pti) 14:51 istthe monsoon session of parliament is all set to begin on july 21, but it will be a truncated three-week affair.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs (ccpa) is learnt to have recommended the dates for the monsoon session during which the government is expected to face an opposition attack over the 'lalitgate' issue.
the monsoon session is generally a four-week affair.
the earlier proposal was to commence the session from july 20, a monday.
but as the festival of eid may fall on july 18 or 19, a decision was taken to start it from july 21.
the session is likely to be stormy this time with the government facing mounting criticism from the opposition on the lalit modi controversy and land acquisition ordinance issue.
home minister rajnath singh heads ccpa which also has several senior ministers, including parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu, as its members.
congress has been warning that the upcoming session could be in jeopardy if external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje scindia were not made to resign on the lalit modi row.
bjp has, however, rejected the demand.
leader of the opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad has said that it would virtually impossible to transact any business if the opposition demands are not met over the lalit modi issue.
the amendments to the lokpal and lokayukta act, the railways (amendment) bill, the waterways bill, the gst bill, the amendments to the land acquisition bill, compensatory afforestation fund bill and benami transactions (prohibition) amendment bill, 2015 are some of the key measures pending in parliament.
lok sabha had 35 sittings during the budget session, the highest in the last five years, while rajya sabha held 32 sittings.
during the last session, lok sabha lost six hours and 54 minutes due to interruptions but made up for the lost time by giving up lunch breaks and working beyond scheduled time for 42 hours and 41 minutes.
rajya sabha lost 18 hours and 28 minutes but made up for 20 hours.
the government is keen on a minimum of 100 sittings of parliament each year as recommended by the last conference of chief whips and floor leaders of legislatures held in october 2014.
bjp not to drop rajenew delhi, june 20, 2015, dhns 1:50 istdushyant's dealings above board, says partythe bjp on friday decided to cast its lot with beleaguered rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, at least for the time being, as it did with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj a few days ago.
the party rejected demands for resignation of raje as well as that of swaraj for their reported nexus with disgraced cricket administrator lalit modi.
ending the silence on the fate of raje, bjp spokesperson sudanshu trivedi said, the validity of the documents produced against raje in connection with lalit modi (to help him get uk travel papers) was not yet verified.
trivedi also defended rajes son dushyant singh, saying his companys dealings with modis firm were above the board.
the rajasthan bjp unit also put up a strong defence of dushyant at a press conference in jaipur.
the state unit said that the transactions were in compliance with the companies act- 1956 and were between the two private companies.
trivedi said it was not a new issue and facts have been mentioned in dushyants income tax returns as well his affidavit before the lok sabha polls.
the matter was also before the high court after a petition was filed in this connection.
the charge was that between 2008 and 2009, lalit modi paid rs 96,000 per share in a company owned by dushyant.
but in his income tax returns for 2013, singh declared that his shares in the same firm were worth just rs 10 each.
the huge premium paid by modi for those shares was in addition to an unsecured loan of nearly rs 11 crore to dushyants niyant heritage hotels private limited.
we have already made it clear that there is no corruption.
there is no technical or legal definition of corruption or misappropriation is not evident.
the opposition is using these issues to make a mountain out of a molehill for their own political gains on feeble grounds, said the bjp spokesperson.
asked why the party took so much time to come out in support of raje, trivedi said, the questions raised by the media were imaginary.
before making any demand, it should be seen whether that demand is substantive.
whether any wrong doing or corruption has taken place.
to make such a demand in the absence of substantive evidence is not right and baseless, he said.
he said raje has clarified to the party top brass and the talks between the party and her are continuing.
the bjps defence came on a day raje cancelled her visit to anandpur sahib in punjab where she would have met party president amit shah and union home minister rajnath singh.
but the support for raje did not come before a new strategy was finalised by prime minister narendra modi and shah, which should also see the governments push for action against lalit modi in the cases investigated by the enforcement directorate.
lalit, who is wanted by the enforcement directorate in several cases including charges of money laundering, has been staying in london and has not come to india to face questions.
according to bjp sources, the government, which has put all investigations against lalit modi on the fast track, may convert the blue corner notice to a red one so that the former ipl commissioner can be detained in any country and handed over to india.
deccan herald had reported on thursday a crackdown was in the offing against lalit modi to show that swarajs help for him to get uk travel papers on humanitarian grounds was an isolated effort and in no way showed that the government was out to help escape action on the cases against him.
the congress on friday seemed determined to pursue its plan of action against raje as well as sushmaswaraj , charging that a nexus existed between lalit modi, the prime minister, bjp president, sushmaswaraj and raje and said the only way for the government to save itself and the parliament session was to make the two women resign from their positions.
we hope after yoga day and after 'lalitasan', the prime minister will take some strong action, party leader jairam ramesh told reporters, adding there is no other way.
employer chopping off indian maid's hand unacceptable: meanew delhi, oct 10, 2015, dhns: 2:04 istcalling the assault on a woman from tamil nadu by her saudi arabian employer unacceptable, new delhi has asked riyadh to ensure an independent probe and severe punishment for the perpetrator.
chopping of hand of indian lady - we are very much disturbed over the brutal manner in which indian lady has been treated in saudi arabia (sic), wrote external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter on friday.
the right hand of a 55-year-old kasthuri munirathinam, who worked as domestic help in saudi arabia, was chopped off by her employer late on september 29 night.
this is unacceptable.
we have taken this up with saudi (arabian) authorities (sic), added swaraj.
kasthuri was punished for complaining about torture and delay in payment of her wages.
her hand was chopped off when she was trying to escape harassment.
she subsequently fell from the balcony of the house, said her family in tamil nadu.
she also sustained spinal injuries and was admitted to hospital in riyadh, they added.
officials of the embassy of india in riyadh met kasthuri in hospital.
her condition is said to be stable now.
our mission in riyadh is actively pursuing the matter with the saudi authorities.
we had raised the issue on october 7 itself with their ministry of foreign affairs, and asked for strict action in the matter and severe punishment for the sponsor, said ministry of external affairs (mea) official spokesperson vikas swarup on friday.
victims family in dire straitsthe family of kasturi munirathnam, whose right hand was chopped off by her employer in saudi arabia, is in shambles now for she is its only breadwinner, dhns reports from chennai.
asma jehangir, who kicked the bucket recently, was a popular human rights lawyer and social activist.
although her work was confined to pakistan, her example was followed throughout the subcontinent.
the place from where she announced the foundation of the human rights commission, an organisation to protect individual rights, also became the venue for meetings to normalise relations between india and pakistan.
asma would get girls and boys from india and pakistan together at the house which was allotted to me as a member of parliament.
i watched asma put in much effort to change the influence of religion on society.
the mixing of religion with politics is our bane.
only days before she died did she ring me up from lahore to say that she would now have more time to work for the normalisation of relations between india and pakistan after marrying off her daughter.
maybe this was her way of telling that she had miles to go to change a religion-oriented society into a secular one.
asma can have the satisfaction of having had india and pakistan on the same page even though their reluctance to come closer to each other was apparent.
asma made islamabad and new delhi realise that they had no alternative except to sit across the table and discuss the reasons why the two could not bury the hatchet.
although new delhi had decided that it would have no talks with pakistan until it stopped giving shelter to terrorists, asma believed that there was still some room for a patch-up.
however, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was unequivocal in her statement that new delhi would have no discussion with islamabad until it realised that terrorism and talks did not go together.
asma felt that islamabad faced certain problems with the military which had to be sorted out before any meaningful meeting could take place.
she was very positive about the possibility of such a meeting and that she could somehow persuade the powers-that-be to see reason.
but my disappointment is that there was little response in india on the death of asma, even though she had dared her country's military, the sworn enemy of india.
it was heartening to see her devotion to the cause of improving relations between india and pakistan.
i always supported her efforts.
i was allotted a bungalow as a member of the rajya sabha in lodhi estate where asma would bring girls and boys from pakistan to meet their counterparts in india.
asma named that place 'pakistan house'.
the boys and girls from pakistan would shed tears as they bid farewell to their new friends in india.
categorising them as pakistanis would be unfair, because they looked very much a part of secular society in india.
she would also take indian youth to pakistan to learn from the society which was tilting towards a particular religion.
symbol of resistanceasma, a symbol of pakistan's human rights and resistance, was a fierce opponent of military dictators for over four decades.
she was a strong advocate of india-pakistan peace and was part of several track 2 delegations to india.
not only that, she has also had a prominent career both as a lawyer.
she was also the chief of the supreme court bar association of pakistan, which indicated her popularity.
even today, the pakistani judiciary remembers her fight for the restoration of honour to iftikhar chaudhry, who was the chief justice of pakistan.
the lawyers' movement ultimately achieved its goal and even led to the ultimate downfall of pervez musharraf.
that unpreceded movement, which saw the lawyers marching on the streets in 2007, had given a glimmer of hope that pakistan had indeed understood the importance of returning to democracy.
i remember asma taking on the might of martial law administrator zia-ul-haq in the early eighties when she was in the thick of the movement to restore democracy.
she was imprisoned for leading the protest movement, but that only made her even more of a champion activist.
there were occasions when her life was under threat but she braved them undeterred and continued to stand up against dictators.
in the process, she helped establish the human rights commission of pakistan, which she also chaired later.
she would often say that it was the commission's duty to defend all religious minorities.
the commission during her chairmanship also tackled successfully highly charged blasphemy accusations as well as cases of honour killings.
asma also pioneered the women's rights movement in her country at a time when human rights were not considered an issue in pakistan.
thanks to her, today people, particularly women, talk about their rights and even political parties, including religious parties, realise the importance of women's rights.
one particular group that asma stoutly defended were the christians charged with blasphemy.
several people from the minority community faced death penalty as blasphemy is an offence that attracted the severest punishment.
she was also instrumental in fighting cases relating to the recovery of missing persons free of cost.
a kind-hearted person, asma would nonetheless not yield to any kind of pressure, including threats from fanatic groups.
asma, who was a popular activist around the world, won several awards, including the ramon magsaysay and the peace prize from the united nations development fund.
but for asma, the awards hardly meant anything.
her sole aim was to restore democracy in her country, because of her unwavering belief in democracy.
similarly, asma fought not just for the people of pakistan but also for people from all over the world, including from palestine and elsewhere.
no doubt, she made a lot of enemies at home because of the battles she chose, but she that would not cause her to ignore any cause worth fighting for.
that speaks volumes of asma.
vasundhara raje's name now figures in lalit modi rownew delhi/jaipur, june 16, 2015, (ians) 21:11 istadding a new twist to the lalit modi controversy, the name of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje cropped up on tuesday with allegations that she testified in favour of the former ipl chief's british immigration application in 2011.
the congress demanded raje's resignation.
the revelation apparently was made in a statement released by lalit modi's legal team where it is mentioned that raje, who was then leader of opposition in the rajasthan assembly, said she was in favour of lalit modi's immigration application on the strict clause that her name will not be revealed to the indian authorities.
this witness statement is provided on the strict understanding that its contents and the identity of its maker are treated confidentially and that it is used only for the purposes stated in it, says the confidentiality notice dated august 18, 2011, purported to be raje's witness statement.
i make this statement in support of any immigration application that lalit modi makes, but do so on the strict condition that my assistance will not become known to the indian authorities.
the letter was part of the documents mailed to news channels on monday night by a pr firm engaged by lalit modi's lawyer mehmood abdi.
the documents are being circulated on social networks by the media.
congress leader digvijaya singh told ndtv news channel: there is no option for vasundhara raje but to resign.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is caught in the midst of a controversy for helping modi, former ipl commissioner who is charged with financial impropriety, with travel documents.
sushma swaraj admitted she helped modi on humanitarian grounds.
the episode has caused huge embarrassment to the government as modi is wanted by the enforcement directorate for financial bungling in the money-spinning ipl.
he has been living in london since 2010 after the ed issued a blue corner notice against him, which aims to locate, identify or obtain information on a person of interest in a criminal investigation.
new delhi, dec 6, 2016 (pti) 18:03 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is expected to undergo a kidney transplant at aiims here this weekend, with the organ being harvested from a living unrelated donor.
living unrelated donor could be anyone who is emotionally attached to the recipient, such as friend, a relative, a neighbour or an in-law.
as no suitable donor was available in the immediate family, the transplant will be done with the kidney from a living unrelated donor.
as of now the transplant is scheduled to take place this weekend.
the clearance from the authorisation committee has been obtained, sources at aiims said, adding sawaraj's pre-transplant process was complete.
the work up procedure of both the recipient (sushma) and the donor is complete.
both the recipient and the donor underwent multiple tests to avoid co-morbidity.
hla-matching test in case of an unrelated donor is not essential.
we have performed the crossmatch and a series of blood and immunological tests and have found both of them fit for the procedure, a doctor said.
the surgery will be performed by a team of experts constituted by aiims.
according to doctors, swaraj been suffering from diabetes for quite a long time.
after the kidney failure diagnosis, she was put on maintenance dialysis.
she undergoes dialysis thrice a week, a senior doctor said.
on november 16, swaraj had tweeted that she was in aiims because of kidney failure.
i am in aiims because of kidney failure.
presently, i am on dialysis.
i am undergoing tests for a kidney transplant.
lord krishna will bless, swaraj had tweeted.
64-year-old swaraj, who has been in and out of the hospital for last few months, was admitted to aiims on november 7.
after swaraj made public her health condition on social media, support had poured in for her with several people offering their kidneys for transplant.
earlier she was admitted to aiims in april for treatment of pneumonia and other health issues.
come, connect and contribute: sushmaswaraj swaraj tells diaspora youthgandhinagar, jan 7, 2015, ians: 12:18 istminister for overseas indian affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj wednesday called on the diaspora youth gathered here to come, connect, celebrate and contribute to be part of the momentous transformation taking place in the country.
speaking at the inauguration of the 2015 youth pravasi bharatiya divas (pbd), sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is also the external affairs minister, urged the diaspora youth to contribute to the country's development.
she said the narendra modi government has taken several measures to ease the business environment, including by rationalising rules and identifying obsolete laws.
the minister said the clear focus of the modi government is on infrastructure development and the government is moving towards a transparent policy.
she said the pbd is a platform to connect the diaspora with the motherland and promote the concept of a global indian family.
modi has grown old & tired, up will get a govt of youth: rahuljaunpur (up), mar 6, 2017 (pti) 18:25 istclaiming that prime minister narendra modi has grown old and must be feeling tired, congress vice president rahul gandhi today said his party and ally sp would form a government of youth in uttar pradesh.
this government of youth, he claimed, will make up the factory of the world and even former first lady of the usa michelle obama would find 'made in jaunpur' embossed over her kitchen utensils.
prime minister narendra modi has grown old, and hence a government of the youth will be formed in up.
and this government will make the state -- the factory of the world.
products with 'made in uttar pradesh' embossed on them will be made available throughout the world, he said.
continuing his jibe, rahul claimed that since modi has grown old, he must be feeling tired.
i told akhilesh that we must extend some help to modiji.
let's give him some time.
.
.
some moments of peace.
you (akhilesh) become the chief minister, and he (modi) would get some rest, he said.
taking a dig at the pm's roadshows in varanasi, rahul said, repeated re-takes of modiji's film are taking place.
in four days, there have been four re-takes, but things did not materialise, he said.
two days ago there was a roadshow, it did not yield desirable results, then there was a roadshow yesterday, it too did not result in anything positive.
i heard that today modiji is walking on foot, said rahul, taking a swipe.
continuing his attack, he said that modiji's film of 'achhe din' has flopped and will not be available for public viewing.
in fact, modiji is afraid, and hence for the last three days he has been camping in varanasi, he alleged.
in his speech, rahul said that five years from now, if a farmer from the state goes to the us, he would find that the phones available there are manufactured in up.
we would emboss 'made in uttar pradesh' over it, and whichever shop he visits, the entire stock would be from up, gandhi said.
referring to the former us first lady, rahul said, when obama's wife would be cooking food in her kitchen, she would admire the utensils.
after admiring the cooking utensils she should read the lines 'made in jaunpur' embossed over them.
referring to the prime minister's comment that he has been summoned by ganga 'maiyya' (mother ganga) as her son, rahul said, modiji should tell whether the river ganga has only one son in india.
the congress vice-president alleged that pm modi has forced bjp stalwart l k advani to retire.
continuing in a sarcastic vein, he said that the prime minister was claiming credit for the entire work of the government.
the entire work of the government is done by modiji.
if the isro launches a rocket, modiji claims credit for it.
he went to the us and hugged then us president obama.
he told external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to stay in india, while he went to the us, he said.
addressing the crowd, rahul said that he wanted people to get fair remuneration for their hardwork.
attacking modi, he said the benefits of people's hardwork are being availed by 50 rich families.
every youngster of up wants a good and respectable job.
i have told akhilesh that every district of the state must have one high quality coaching centre, which would impart free coaching to the youth, he said.
sushma helped us grow, says sriramululast updated: 31 may, 2011bellary, may 30,dhns: 0:24 ist''our mother sushmaswaraj swaraj is responsible for our progress.
we are walking the path she has shown us,'' health minister b sriramulu said on monday.
he was speaking with reporters after launching work on a rs 98.
66-crore project at shivapura near here to supply drinking water to the city.
referring to her remarks distancing herself from the bellary quartet, he said the relationship with swaraj was personal and not politicaland that she could have made her remarks out of some political compulsions.
to us sushmaswaraj swaraj is like mother and goddess.
children do not get upset because of a mothers remarks.
if she does not want us, we go home, he said.
since she contested the lok sabha elections, we are like members of a family.
even today, we are close.
after her remarks in the magazine, we tried to contact her, but have not been able to.
soon we hope to, sriramulu said.
new delhi, jan 10, 2017, dhns 1:42 ista tweet by an information technology professional based at pune in maharashtra on monday irked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who has been actively using the social media platform to help people who need the help of her ministry.
sushma generally responds promptly to anyone tweeting to her seeking help from her or the ministry of external affairs.
she, however, lost her cool on monday, when it professional smit raj tweeted to her seeking her help to get his wife, an employee of the indian railways, transferred from jhansi railway station in uttar pradesh to pune, where he lives.
if you or your wife were from my ministry and such a request for transfer was made on twitter, i would have sent a suspension order by now, tweeted the external affairs minister.
her terse reply came after the it professional, who goes by the twitter handle @smitraj07, posted on twitter:  @sushmaswaraj can u plz help us in ending our banwas in india?
my wife is in jhansi rly employee and i work in pune in it.
been a year+.
smit tweet was apparently inspired by what the external affairs minister herself posted in twitter in response to a tweet from one sanjay pandita.
hello madam please help my wife get passport cleared.
i am forced to live without her in us.
passport issues, tweeted pandita.
ohh !
this banwas should end soon, swaraj responded to panditas tweet wittily, tagging the consular division of the mea, which has to intervene to help pandita get his wife to the us.
but swaraj was not ready to help smit.
she also tagged railway minister suresh prabhu in his response to the email from smit.
thanks @sushmaswaraj ji for bringing it to my notice.
as per policy laid by me, i dont look into transfers.
the railway board empowered for same, the railway minister, who is also known for his quick response to people's problems and grievances through social media, posted on twitter in response.
indians abroad must tweet problemsexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said that indian citizens experiencing problems abroad should tweet to the respective embassy or high commission of india, dhns reports.
sushma also advised that she be tagged in such tweets.
the minister also added that she would be personally monitoring the responses of the respective embassies and high commissions of india.
please tweet your problem to the concerned indian embassy/authority and endorse the same to @sushmaswaraj, sushmaswaraj posted on twitter.
first batch of haj pilgrims to fly on aug 27bangalore, aug 20, 2014, dhns: 0:55 istthe first batch of haj pilgrims from the state will leave for saudi arabia from mangalore on august 27, haj minister roshan baig said on wednesday.
speaking to reporters after a review meeting with the airport authorities, immigration and customs officials, and the police, baig said as many as 5,024 pilgrims had been selected from the state this year for the haj pilgrimage.
he said the batch from bangalore would leave for saudi arabia by a direct flight on september 12.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has been invited to flag off the inaugural flight, he said.
baig said the pilgrims could access four embarkation points, including two outside the state.
while pilgrims from across the state can access the bangalore embarkation point, those from dakshina kannada, kodagu, udupi, hassan and chikmagalur can access the mangalore embarkation point.
pilgrims from gulbarga, yadgir, bidar and raichur can access the hyderabad embarkation point, and people from belgaum and uttara kannada can access the goa embarkation point.
all the pilgrims will have to undergo vaccination and orientation programmes, the minister said.
new delhi, feb 1, 2015, dhns: 0:55 istindia and china are exploring the possibility of a visit by prime minister narendra modis to kailash manasarovar when he travels to china in may.
though it is early in the day, officials are working on the possibility of a modi visit to the popular hindu pilgrimage destination in the himalayas if the loose ends can be tied up in the next few months.
a new route to kailash from nathu la (sikkim border) is likely to be inaugurated during the prime minister's visit.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday gave the prime minister's travel dates to chinese authorities.
in the presence of swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi, the two sides exchanged notes on the modalities of additional route to kailash manasarovar in 2015.
for the last few months, officials from two sides were working on the new route via nathu la  announced in the joint statement after the september summit meeting between modi and chinese president xi jinping  efforts are being made to accommodate a visit by modi.
indian ambassador ashok k kantha visited tibet autonomous region (tar) in october and met jiang jie, vice chairman of the government of tar in lhasa.
they deliberated on the options to open an additional route for pilgrimage to mount kailash and manasarovar through the nathula pass.
hoping to open up the new route in the summer of 2015, the two officials traveled to yadong, shigatse, renqinggang and nathula as well as places associated with pilgrimage to mount kailash and lake manasarovar in ali prefecture in october.
sacred to hindus, jains and buddhists, the journey to mount kailash and manasarovar lake, located high in the himalaya and at the remote southwestern corner of the tibetan autonomous region, is usually undertaken from uttarakhand via lipulekh pass or overland from nepal.
while the nepal route takes 10 days, the arduous trekking option via uttarakhand takes 27 days.
the new route would allow pilgrims to be driven all along, travelling first from gangtok in sikkim to shigatse in tibet from where they can take vans and buses on the existing road to manasarovar and kailash directly.
probe into modi-dushyant singh loan would continue: jaitleystanford (us), jun 23, 2015, (pti): 13:24 istunder attack from the opposition for describing the deal between vasundhara raje's son and lalit modi as a commercial transaction, finance minister arun jaitley today said assessing authorities would continue to do their job in probing the matter.
i have never used such a word.
that is never part of my domain, jaitley told reporters when asked about opposition's allegations that his remarks that the loan given to dushyant singh by modi, the former ipl chief, was a commercial transaction, amounted to giving clean chit to the bjp mp.
that is clear misinterpretation of (what i said).
whatever various assessing authorities in india have to do, its their job.
they would continue to do that, jaitley said on the sidelines of a public event at the stanford university.
singh, son of rajasthan chief minister raje, has been under attack over media reports that his company received rs 11.
63 crore in investments from modi in 2008.
jaitley, commenting on the controversy, had said, i do not want to comment on him (modi), but it's a commercial transaction between two individuals.
congress yesterday attacked jaitley with leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad saying, it is a clear-cut cover-up.
we charge the finance minister with influencing the enforcement directorate (ed) probe in raje's son dushyant singh and lalit modi's case.
azad wondered as to what made the finance minister give a clean chit to raje's son and modi, when the ed, which comes under his ministry, was probing these shady transactions of converting ill-gotten black money.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje have been facing flak for helping modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league (ipl) became embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
india, japan & us trilateral talks to be at foreign ministers' levelanirban bhaumik, new delhi, dec 20, 2014, dhns: 1:02 istindia, japan and united states are set to elevate their trilateral dialogue to the level of the foreign ministers  a move, which signals growing convergence in strategic interests of the three nations in asia pacific.
it may also be seen by beijing as a bid to contain china.
senior diplomats of india, japan and us met in new delhi on saturday and discussed modalities of holding a trilateral dialogue among external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, japans foreign minister fumio kishida and us secretary of state john kerry early next year.
the move came after prime minister narendra modis visit to tokyo and washington last september.
modis meetings with prime minister shinzo abe and president barack obama saw all the three nations agreeing on elevating the dialogue to the foreign ministers level.
sources told deccan herald that the diplomats of india, japan and us on saturday focused on prospects of greater indo-pacific commercial connectivity, issues of regional and maritime security and cooperation in multilateral forums.
they also discussed some proposed projects to advance shared interests of india, japan and us and their other partners.
the parley in new delhi on saturday marked the sixth round of the trilateral dialogue since its launch in 2011.
the three strategic partners participated in the association of southeast asian nations humanitarian assistance, disaster relief, and military medicine exercise hosted by brunei in 2013.
the personnel of the three countries participated in a trilateral disaster response and risk reduction workshop at hawaii in the us last may.
their navies participated in the malabar exercise in the pacific ocean in july.
the trilateral mechanism gained new momentum after the modi government redesigned indias look east approach into an act east policy, as it was in sync with obamas us rebalance to asia and abes democratic security diamond doctrines.
the move to elevate the trilateral dialogue also comes at a time when tension in japan-china relations escalated over bilateral maritime disputes.
indias boundary dispute with china also reached flashpoints with border stand-ffs at ladakh in jammu and kashmir in may 2013 and september 2014  both during visits of top chinese leaders to new delhi.
abe visited new delhi in january 2014 and attended the republic day ceremony as the chief guest.
modi has now invited obama to do the same on january 26 next year.
two senior us diplomats  assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs daniel russel and assistant secretary of state for south and central asian affairs nisha desai biswal  led the delegation from washington in the trilateral dialogue in new delhi on saturday.
iran offers india control of strategic chabahar portanirban bhaumik, august 15, 2015, new delhi: dhns 2:06 istas tehran wants new delhi to raise its stake in chabahar port in iran, foreign minister of the islamic republic, mohammad javad zarif, on friday offered india a deal that not only involves developing the second phase of the port but also for operating it.
new delhi already pledged to build a container terminal and a multi-purpose cargo terminal on two berths at the chabahar port in south-eastern coast of iran.
tehrans new offer appeared to be lucrative to india, as the strategically important port could give it a sea-land access to afghanistan and central asia, bypassing pakistan.
zarif was on a visit to new delhi since thursday.
he called on prime minister narendra modi and had a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
tehrans fresh offer for new delhi on chabahar port was spelt out when iranian foreign minister had a meeting with shipping and road transport minister nitin gadkari.
indias interest in chabahar port in iran grew further after pakistan last year handed over the control of its gwadar port to china.
the chinese peoples liberation army navy has since long been using the gwadar port, which new delhi perceives as yet another addition to the string of pearls  a series of strategic assets beijing is acquiring around india.
pakistans decision to transfer the management of the port to the overseas port holding company of china for 40 years sent jitters to india, which responded by moving fast on the chabahar port project.
the prime minister conveyed to the iranian foreign minister new delhis commitment to work with tehran for development of the chabahar port, which would have far reaching benefit, not only for the people of india and iran, but also for afghanistan and the entire central asia region.
hugely beneficialgadkari later said that irans latest offer on the second phase of the chabahar port appeared to be hugely beneficial for india and the government would soon take a call.
zarif and gadkari on friday also discussed the proposed india-iran-afghanistan transit trade agreement.
they agreed on the need to expeditiously conclude the agreement, which will enable the potential of chabahar port to be realised.
zarif was tehrans chief negotiator for the recently-concluded deal with e3+3 (us, russia, china, uk, france and germany) over nuclear programme of iran.
his was the first high-level visit from tehran to new delhi after the landmark deal was inked last month.
as the deal raised prospects of easing of sanctions imposed on the islamic republic by the us, european union and united nations, both new delhi and tehran are now keen to breathe fresh life into the bilateral economic engagement.
zarif conveyed to modi that iran considered india its strategic partner and could never forget the support india extended to iran during its difficult times.
he is also understood to have indicated tehrans willingness to favourably consider the proposal of ongc videsh limited of india to return to the farzad b gas field in iran.
not only the ovl, but also other state-owned companies of india had to abandonhydrocarbon projects in iran due to strict sanctions imposed on the islamic republic.
new delhi is also discussing with tehran ways to clear payment for crude oil india imported from iran in the past years.
sanctions on iran had made it difficult for india to make payments.
new delhi, jun 14, 2015 (pti) 12:45 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's name has been dragged into the controversy surrounding grant of visa to former ipl chief lalit modi by the uk where the matter is before a parliamentary panel.
modi, who has made london his base and avoided coming to india where there is a look-out notice for him for alleged misappropriation of funds in the t20 cricket tournament, was given a visa after indian-origin british mp keith vaz had recommended his name for the same.
according to british media, vaz cited the name of swaraj to put pressure on uk's top immigration official to grant british travel papers to lalit modi.
swaraj today explained her actions saying she took a humanitarian view and conveyed to the british high commissioner that they should examine modi's request as per their rules and if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi  that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
giving the chronology of events, she said on twitter, sometime in july 2014, lalit modi spoke to me that his wife was suffering from cancer and her surgery was fixed for 4th august in portugal.
he told me that he had to be present in the hospital to sign the consent papers.
he informed me that he had applied for travel documents in london and the uk government was prepared to give him the travel documents.
however, they were restrained by a upa government communication that this will spoil indo-uk relations.
taking a humanitarian view, i conveyed to the british high commissioner that: british government should examine the request of lalit modi as per british rules and regulations.
if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi  that will not spoil our bilateral relations.
keith vaz also spoke to me and i told him precisely what i told the british high commissioner.
i genuinely believe that in a situation such as this, giving emergency travel documents to an indian citizen cannot and should not spoil relations between the two countries, she said.
on vaz reportedly offering to help swaraj's nephew to apply for a british law degree course, she said, regarding jyotirmay kaushal's admission in a law course at sussex university, he secured admission through the normal admission process in 2013 - one year before i became a minister.
conservative mp andrew bridgen has written to kathryn hudson, the uk parliamentary standards commissioner, urging her to investigate whether vaz had breached the mps' code of conduct.
vaz reportedly personally wrote to sarah rapson, the director-general of uk visas and immigration, in an effort to expedite the case of london-based modi, former commissioner of indian premier league cricket tournament.
the labour mp was then chairman of the influential house of commons home affairs select committee in which role he was required to scrutinise and hold to account the work of rapson and her department.
lalit modi came to london in 2010 as allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting related to ipl cricket tournament emerged.
his indian passport was revoked by the government in march 2011, but it was restored by the delhi high court in august last year.
modi has denied any wrongdoing and says he left india for britain because of death threats.
shortly after he received his uk travel documents last summer after a lengthy legal battle with the uk home office, modi described vaz as a superstar.
process in 2013 - one year before i became a minister.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015regarding jyotirmay kaushal's admission in a law course at sussex university, he secured admission through the normal admission  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015ground that the said order was unconstitutional being violative of fundamental rights and he got his passport back.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015i may also state that only a few days later, delhi high court quashed upa government's order impounding lalit modi's passport on the  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015i genuinely believe that in a situation such as this, giving emergency travel documents to an indian citizen cannot and should not  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015ground that the said order was unconstitutional being violative of fundamental rights and he got his passport back.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015lalit modi as per british rules and regulations.
if the british government chooses to give travel documents to lalit modi,  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015taking a humanitarian view, i conveyed to the british high commissioner that british government should examine the request of  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015sometime in july 2014 lalit modi spoke to me that his wife was suffering from cancer and her surgery was fixed for 4th aug in portugal.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015he told me that he had to be present in the hospital to sign the consent papers.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 14, 2015he informed me that he had applied for travel documents in london and uk government was prepared to give him the travel documents.
sushma meets counterparts from nepal, sri lankanew york, oct 1, 2015, (ians) 10:36 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met with her counterparts from neighbours sri lanka and nepal.
sushma held bilateral talks with her sri lankan counterpart mangala samaraweera and with nepal's mahendra pandey on the sidelines of the un general assembly here.
earlier, she had met with maldives foreign minister dunya maumoon and also attended a luncheon meeting of saarc nations hosted by nepal.
her meeting with the nepalese minister comes in the wake of tensions between the two neighbours over india's disapproval of the new constitution ignoring the rights of the plains people, or the madhesis and janjatis.
the supply of fuel and other essentials from india has also stopped at the border entry points to nepal following large-scale incidents of violence by madhesi protesters.
nepal has raised the matter with india.
new delhi, aug 12, 2015, (pti) 17:47 istin a spirited fight back, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today tore into congress, saying it had helped bofors accused ottavio quattrocchi and bhopal gas leak accused warren anderson flee from india and roped in rajiv gandhi in this regard.
making a statement in lok sabha, she specifically responded to congress vice president rahul gandhi's charge that she had got money to help lalit modi by telling him to ask his mamma as to how much money had been taken from quattrocchi and why did 'daddy' (rajiv gandhi) get released the killer of 15,000 people (in bhopal gas leak), an apparent reference to anderson.
.
.
rahul should ask (his mother), why they did the quid pro quo with regard to quattrocchi and anderson.
while she spoke amid slogan-shouting by congress members, sonia gandhi was seen listening to the speech in rapt attention using headphone.
swaraj also targeted former union minister p chidambaram, saying he had failed to bring back lalit modi from united kingdom as he did not try for his extradition as suggested by the host government and confined his requests to deportation.
for four years, you (congress government) did nothing.
you remained inactive.
there was no effort for extradition.
you are asking me how he (lalit modi) got right of residency (in uk).
he got it during your time.
whatever happened, it was during your tenure, she told the congress.
the minister also rejected the opposition charge that her husband and daughter had fought lalit modi's legal case.
she said her husband was not a lawyer for modi in the passport case as alleged and that her daughter was the 9th lawyer in the list of advocates for lalit modi and got not even a rupee.
why should anybody give money to a junior lawyer who is 9th in the seniority row, she asked.
while targeting chidambaram, she said congress was divided on bringing back lalit modi and the then finance minister was alone in his party in wanting action against him due to his personal enmity.
chidambaram had not even kept the external affairs ministry in the loop, she said.
when swaraj started participating in the debate, it was opposed by congress members who rushed into the well.
as they started raising slogans, speaker sumitra mahajan said swaraj was free to 'intervene' as a member of bjp.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said while finance minister arun jaitley will reply to the debate, swaraj was free to speak.
kharge attacked swaraj for one hour.
now he should listen to her.
are questions posed by you to her so hollow?
quipped jaitley.
jaitley's 'clean chit' to raje's son a 'cover-up': congnew delhi, jun 22, 2015, (pti) 20:51 istcongress today attacked finance minister arun jaitley in lalit modi controversy over his alleged clean chit to rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and the former ipl boss, terming it as a clear-cut cover-up but stopped short of seeking his resignation.
it is a clear-cut cover-up.
we charge the finance minister with influencing the enforcement directorate (ed) probe in raje's son dushyant singh and lalit modi's case, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said while addressing a joint press conference with former union minister jairam ramesh.
azad wondered as to what made the finance minister give a clean chit to vasundhara raje's son and lalit modi, when the ed, which comes under his ministry, was probing these shady transactions of converting ill-gotten black money.
asked why congress was not demanding resignation of the finance minister for the alleged cover-up, he said, congress was waiting for the response from the prime minister as he had maintained silence on the matter so far.
we will reveal our strategy after hearing what the prime minister says.
let us see what he says, azad said, adding the earlier the pm speaks it would be better for him as the issue could lead to resignation of several people and bring half of the union council of ministers under cloud of suspicion.
he asked jaitley, who is also leader of the rajya sabha, how he could describe as commercial transaction the rs 11 crore dealing between dushyant and lalit modi.
why he is giving clean chit to vasundhara raje and her son?
this was because additional solicitor general sanjay jain has told delhi high court on january 6 that ed has already initiated action through an open and general investigation and it will be taken to its logical conclusion, azad said.
does it mean that ed investigations have been summarily closed against raje's family by the finance ministry?
has the finance minister not prejudiced and prejudged the issue proving the complicity of bjp leadership in these black money dealings?
azad said posing five questions to prime minister.
taking a dig at the prime minister, ramesh said it was time narendra modi gets up from nidrasan (sleep) and say something.
everyday new scandals are being exposed and yet pm is silent on this.
so isn't pm party to all this?
azad asked.
speaking separately, senior congress leader anand sharma rejected jaitley's commercial transaction argument.
he asked the finance minister how could re-routing of laundered money from a tax haven for purported investment in a company at an inflated share price of 9000 times be seen as a normal transaction.
jaitley needs to be reminded that in the past as leader of the opposition he had demanded action against a upa minister when only a shadow was there.
he had insisted action even when no allegations were substantiated, sharma told pti.
azad and ramesh alleged that a deep rooted nexus to protect and help money launderer and black money hoarder lalit modi on part of the entire bjp leadership, with needle of suspicion pointing towards the prime minister himself, is out in the open for the entire nation to see and judge.
the leader of the opposition in rajya sabha asked the prime minister whether external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and vasundhara raje not guilty of fema, money laundering and passport acts.
on the issue of mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria meeting former ipl boss lalit modi in london last year by keeping the then chief minister prithviraj chavan in dark, azad said, the chief minister has sought information on the meeting and one should wait till the response comes.
we will raise the issue at an appropriate time.
we do not want to dilute the lalit modi controversy now, azad remarked when his comment were sought on the reported decision of bjp government to return the favour to diamond tycoon laljibhai patel had done by purchasing pm narendra modi's monogrammed suit for rs 4.
31 crore in february.
reports had it that all arrangements have been made through the bjp-controlled surat municipal corporation to return 12,000 sqm of land on the outer ring road of the surat city to a patel-owned sports club for the construction of an international standard sports complex.
bjp dodges queries on advanilast updated: 09 september, 2011new delhi, sep 9, dhns: 0:39 isttwo senior bjp leaders  sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley were on friday visibly reluctant to take any questions on the possibility of 83-year-old bjp veteran l k advani being a prime ministerial candidate in the next lok sabha poll.
advani surprised many by announcing his intention of taking up a cross-country yatra to create awareness against corruption.
with the advani around, swaraj and jaitley have slim chances of getting themselves groomed for the top post.
she said parliamentary board has given consent to advanis yatra.
do not read too much in it, she said referring to questions whether the party was with advani on his decision to take the anti-corruption yatra.
swaraj sought to know why doubts were being raised.
why are you asking .
we will be in the yatra,she said.
a contact group is being established by both sides to work out a complete agenda for it, she said while stressing that it has to be an outcome-driven visit.
the minister held talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi on key issues where she emphasised that maintenance of peace and tranquillity on the border was essential for the development of ties.
we have made considerable progress in establishing and expanding defence contacts and exchanges.
they contribute to the maintenance of peace and tranquillity there a prerequisite for the further development of our relationship.
in the meeting that stretched beyond two hours, the two leaders discussed the resolution of the border dispute, which is being tackled by special representatives of both the countries.
both sides agreed that the resolution of the dispute should not be left to future generations.
they could find a solution to the dispute during modis visit.
earlier in the day, sushmaswaraj addressed an india-china media forum at the start of her maiden visit.
she proposed a six-point template to build sino-india ties to realise the common dream of the asian century.
the visit also set the pace for the 18th round of border talks in which national security adviser ajit doval would represent india for the first time as special representative.
sushma and wang discussed a possible date for the next round of border talks.
she will call on chinese president xi jinping on monday and will hold talks with her russian counterpart sergei lavrov.
sushma will also attend the russia, india, china foreign ministers meeting.
significantly, the much-hyped chinas concerns over united states president barack obamas visit to india did not figure in the talks.
china also did not raise concerns over the south china sea.
wang said: we believe india-us relations and india-china relationship are two separate bilateral relationships.
as two big neighbours and two important developing countries, we absolutely have the need and possibility to enhance mutually beneficial cooperation, he said.
we will look into our interests.
wherever our interests converge, we cooperate.
no blanket endorsement, she said.
varun gandhi dragged into rownew delhi, july 1, 2015, dhns: 0:30 istdisgraced former ipl commissioner lalit modi on wednesday sought to drag bjp leader varun gandhi in the lalitgate controversy alleging that a deal was offered to settle matters with congress president sonia gandhi.
lalit tweeted that varun had offered to settle his issues with the congress president and suggested that he should meet sonias sister in italy.
mr @varungandhi80 came to see me at my house a few years ago and said he can settle everything in @incindia with his aunt(sonia).
he wanted me to meet her sister from italy.
i heard him next i heard from our common friend who introduced us that auntie wants $60 million.
told them whaaaat are u nuts go hkg a kite.
can he deny that.
i hope he does (sic), modi alleged in a series of tweets.
outrightly denying the allegation, varun gandhi told deccan herald, how can i respond seriously to something so blatantly untrue and it is beneath my dignity to dwell deeper into this ridiculousness.
the congress too dismissed what it said were attempts to drag sonia gandhi into the controversy.
it as a diversionary tactics to help bada (narendra) modi whose government is in trouble over wrongdoings of a senior union minister, the congress said.
the bjp also threw its weight around varun, arguing that it is for sonia to respond to allegations made by the former cricket administrator.
varun gandhi and sonia gandhi are in different parties and the world knows about the ties between the two families while varun gandhi has put across his point of view, sonia gandhi should answer on the allegations made by lalit modi, bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain said.
lalit modi fired more charges through his posts.
please mr @varungandhi80  let the world know what you told about what auntie wants  witness is our good friend world renowned astrologer please clarify @varungandhi80 did u or did u not come to my house in london.
whilst staying at the ritz hotel in lon(don) a few years ago  the auntie he refers to is #soniagandhi.
the sister is #soniagandhi sister  just for clarity, lalit stated.
congress chief spokesman randeep surjewala said, the chhota modi is helping bada modi.
he has become the sankatmochak (trouble-shooter).
.
.
the chhota modi is acting at the instance of someone within the government and the bjp.
.
.
these are preposterous allegations.
the opposition party said that these tactics would not deter them from seeking resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje who are accused of helping the former ipl chief in procuring travel documents in london.
unfortunate, india does not want to discuss kashmir: hurriyatnew delhi, aug 22, 2015, ians: 20:50 istthe syed ali shah geelani-led hurriyat conference on saturday said india's policy of non-inclusion of the kashmir issue in the nsa level talks with pakistan was unfortunate.
it is very unfortunate that india has put pre-conditions to pakistan ahead of the talks.
it also proves that india has no argument to put before the international community with respect to kashmir, ayaz akbar, spokesperson for hurriyat, told ians over telephone from srinagar.
the response came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a press conference in new delhi said that nsa talks could only go on if pakistan kept it restricted to terrorism.
describing it as a victory for both hurriyat and pakistan, the hurriyat official said: it is india's defeat on the diplomatic front and victory of kashmir as well as pakistan.
speaking at the third india-africa forum summit here, she said the gathering of heads of governments and states was like a family reunion and pointed to the shared history of struggle against imperialism, colonialism, racial discrimination and apartheid.
she said two are also joined together by the 2.
7 million strong indian diaspora in africa, which is contributing actively to its economic development.
india has always stood for and with africa.
ours is a relationship forged in the crucible of the shared struggle against imperialism, colonialism, racial discrimination and apartheid.
she said the modern partnership between india and africa rests on the pillars of economic growth, development and empowerment and is a consolidation of engagement at various levels  bilateral, regional and pan african.
the longstanding and multifaceted india-africa development partnership is based on the principles of equality, friendship and solidarity.
we want to travel far on the path of development and we want to travel together with our african friends and partners, in the true spirit of sabka saath, sabka vikas (together with all, development for all).
entire state of j&k belongs to india: meaapril 06, 2017, new delhi, dhns 1:52 istpakistan recently declared gilgit-baltistan 5th provincesushma said her ministry has already issued a statement declaring islamabad's move as illegal.
she said that it was made clear that the entire state of jammu and kashmir (j&k), including the areas under illegal occupation of pakistan, belonged to india.
the minister made the statement after biju janata dal mp bhartruhari mahtab raised the issue in the lower house and sought to know how the centre has responded to such a move by pakistan.
sushma recalled that parliament had unanimously resolved that the entire state of j&k belonged to india.
she noted that j&k was also at the core of principles of the ruling bjp, for which party ideologue shyama prasad mukherjee had sacrificed his life.
mahtab later suggested that the government take an initiative to pass a resolution in the lok sabha countering pakistans move to declare gilgit-baltistan as a new province.
new delhi had on march 16 pointed out that gilgit-baltistan region is part of indian territory that pakistan was occupying illegally.
the entire state of jammu and kashmir acceded to india in 1947.
it has been, is and will always be an integral part of india.
a part of jammu and kashmir has been under illegal occupation of pakistan.
any unilateral step by pakistan to alter the status of that part will have no basis in law and will be completely unacceptable, gopal baglay, spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, had earlier stated.
efforts on to get captive indians released from iraq: sushmanew delhi, may 14, 2015, (ians) 22:09 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday met the families of indian workers held captive in iraq and assured them the government was making all sincere efforts to get them released.
the government is making all sincere efforts for the safe and early release of the indian workers, she told them.
a statement said the minister had personally spoken to her counterpart foreign ministers in the gulf cooperation council (gcc) member states as well as other friendly countries in the region for their assistance in securing the release of the indians in captivity.
she also reassured the families about the well-being of the indian nationals on the basis of information received from various sources.
as many as 39 indians were reportedly taken hostage in the war-torn iraqi city of mosul in june last year.
this was the seventh meeting of the external affairs minister with the families of the indian workers.
oppn condemns gaza violencenew delhi, july 21, 2014, (pti): 16:13 istopposition parties today condemned the violence in gaza and pressed for adoption of a resolution by the rajya sabha against it besides demanding suspension of all military purchases from israel as the house took up a discussion over the matter ending a week-long deadlock.
the house, which was paralysed over the issue last week, also saw demands from members for india raising its concern over the israel attack on gaza strip at the united nations.
initiating a discussion on the 'unprecedented spurt in violence in gaza and west bank area of palestine causing death of scores of civilians', leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad slammed the government over the delay in discussing the issue questioning whether it has made any change in the country's foreign policy towards palestine.
accusing the government of acting as a spectator to the on-going massacre in palestine, azad said i request the indian government, the opposition, the house and 124 crore people of the country to rise to the occassion on humanitarian grounds.
a resolutiion should be passed.
.
.
the use of force must stop.
.
.
prevent further loss of life and property in palestine.
a united appeal must be made.
government must realise india's stature and walk the talk.
entire house should condemn the attack and pass a resolution.
striking an allegory of the mahabharata, azad rued that powerful countries of the world are just witnessing the happenings in gaza like 'dhritrashtra', the blind king, while a war is going on for last 15 days in which innocent women and children are being killed.
noting that india's policy has always been to support the palestine cause, he said at a time when the country is emerging as a democratic and economic power in the world, india is sitting as mere spectator and it took us seven days to think whether we should even discuss it or not.
condemnding the genocide in palestine by israeli forces, sitaram yechury (cpi-m) demanded immediate suspension of all military purchases from israel.
v maitreyan (aiadmk) said while his party strongly condemns the killing of innocent civilians and he is ready to support the demand for a resolution on the killings in gaza, a similar resolution condemning the violence against sri lankan tamils should also be brought.
he said the upa government had not passed any condolence resolution on the killing of innocent tamilians in sri lanka in the last five years.
sharad yadav (jd-u) supported azad's argument that india has its economic interests in west asia and said a discussion on the issue should not have been delayed.
ram gopal yadav (sp) said india cannot afford to be neutral when severe atrocities were being committed on palestinians by israel.
india is non-aligned but wherever there is injustice, it has to intervene.
brajesh pathak (bsp) said all efforts should be taken to stop the violence in gaza.
the decision to hold a short duration discussion on the issue for one-and-a-half-hour was later extended to two-and-a-half-hour with the consent of members from both sides in the house.
her remarks came soon after another union minister thawar chand gehlot, responding to opposition members' demand for time extension, said the time decided at the meeting should be adhered to.
veteran lawyer and expelled bjp member ram jethmalani wanted to know from the chair how much time an expelled member of bjp can be given.
he later left the house saying it is not worthwhile and he will better write whatever he has to say in a paper.
noting that israel is the biggest supplier of arms and ammunition to india, yechury said the profit earned from it is being spent by israel in carrying out such genocides.
wondering how can people say that those associated with hamas are terrorist, he said they have been democratically elected by palestinians, adding i may have disagreements with the bjp but they are democratically elected.
the member said india cannot be a silent spectator and a resolution should be brought in the house to condemn it.
un security council has condemned it and us secretary general has termed it atrocious, he said.
palestinians are denied their legitimate right to homeland.
.
.
until that is returned.
.
india should suspend all military purchases.
.
.
cripple them, he said saying even prime minister narendra modi was signatory to brics resolution.
ahmed hassan (trinamool congress) said the government should raise the issue at the united nations as the two-nation theory in case of israel and palestine is not being recognised.
anil madhav dave (bjp) said there is a need to go to the root of the problem and a solution will come only when the problem is diagnosed properly.
he said similar situations prevail in other parts of the world, adding india should not tilt itself to any one side and play a neutral role.
opposition members reacted strongly to dave's remarks and asked him to confine himself to the subject of discussion when the bjp leader talked about armed youths from britain, australia and india leaving their countries and suggested that youths will have to be told that they cannot get the heaven (jannat) with the help of guns.
family elated as ap engineer rescuedhyderabad/bengaluru, new delhi, dec 16, 2014, dhns 2:00 istparents and relatives of techie vishwakant ankireddy heaved a sigh of relief after he was rescued along with other hostages post the 16-hour ordeal in sydney.
vishwakant is a native of gangireddipally of piduguralla mandal of guntur district in coastal andhra pradesh.
after his son was released, an elated l eswar reddy told reporters at his sampath nagar residence in guntur: god is great.
i am happy that lord venkateswara and saibaba heard our prayers.
my son had gone to office as usual and had stepped out for coffee around 10 am.
after he was taken hostage at the cafe, his office (infosys) informed me about the incident but they could not give details, he said.
he added that he spoke with his son after the drama, and was in touch with his daughter-in-law.
i am safe and going home, nothing to worry now, vishwakant reportedly told his father.
vishwakant did his schooling from korukonda sainik school in vizianagaram district, and engineering from bits, pilani (1997) before joining infosys.
he is on deputation to australia and has been living there along with family for the past seven years.
he is married to bonthu shilpa reddy.
the couple have a daughter, akshaya.
the entire family in guntur housing colony in gandhinagar had been glued to television sets since morning after reports of vishwakant being taken hostage in sydney emerged.
we kept interacting with officials in delhi and some friends of the family in sydney and melbourne, said chakravarthy, a family friend.
earlier in the day, chief minister n chandrababu naidu directed chief secretary krishna rao and dgp j ramudu to be in touch with the family and asked state representative and union minister sujana choudhury in delhi to coordinate with the ministry of external affairs so that vishwakants family could be provided with credible information.
in new delhi, the ministry of external affairs confirmed late in the evening that the two indian nationals taken hostage along with others in sydney were safe.
the second hostage was identified as pushpendu ghosh, also an infosys employee.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that new delhi was in constant touch with consulate general of india in sydney and the family of ankireddy vishwakant.
the pm was monitoring the situation throughout, she posted on the microblogging site twitter.
the infosys issued a statement in bangalore confirming that two of its employees were among the hostages in sydney.
both employees have been rescued safely.
we are grateful to the australian authorities and new south wales police for their efforts to ensure the safe rescue of the hostages.
we also thank the indian consulate and the ministry of external affairs for their continuous monitoring and involvement in the situation, it said.
india demands copy of charge-sheet, verdict in jadhav's caseislamabad/new delhi, press trust of india apr 14 2017, 16:23 istindian high commissioner in islamabad gautam bambawale met pakistan foreign secretary tehmina janjua in connection with the case of jadhav, who has been given death sentence by a pakistani military court for alleged spying.
afp file photoindia today demanded from pakistan a certified copy of the charge-sheet as well as the judgement in the death sentence of its national kulbhushan jadhav and sought consular access to him.
indian high commissioner in islamabad gautam bambawale met pakistan foreign secretary tehmina janjua in connection with the case of jadhav, who has been given death sentence by a pakistani military court for alleged spying.
i have asked for a certified copy of the charge-sheet as well as the judgement in the death sentence of kulbhushan jadhav, bambawale told pti.
they have denied our request for consular access 13 times (in the last one year).
i have again requested the pakistan foreign secretary to give access to jadhav so that we can appeal, he said.
sources in new delhi said apart from diplomatic options, india will also explore legal remedies permitted under pakistan legal system including jadhav's family appealing against the verdict.
pakistan's top military generals yesterday decided not to make any compromise on the death sentence given to jadhav.
the decision was made at a corps commanders' conference presided over by army chief general qamar bajwa at the general headquarters in rawalpindi.
the death sentence to jadhav, 46, was confirmed by army chief general bajwa after the field general court martial found him guilty of espionage and sabotage activities in pakistan.
pakistan claims its security forces had arrested jadhav from the restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
it also claimed that he was a serving officer in the indian navy.
the pakistan army had also released a confessional video of jadhav after his arrest.
india had acknowledged that jadhav had served with the navy but denied that he has any connection with the government.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhav's execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
pm exchanges pleasantries with oppn leaders in rsnew delhi, jul 23, 2015, (pti) 15:11 istamid the ongoing stalemate in both houses of parliament over the vyapam and lalit modi row, prime minister narendra modi today exchanged pleasantries with the opposition leaders in rajya sabha, in an apparent attempt to reach out to them.
modi, who entered the upper house during question hour just before chairman hamid ansari adjourned the house amid uproar by congress members and others, walked up to the opposition benches.
after the house was adjourned, he greeted former prime minister manmohan singh and shook hands with him and then further walked up to leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad's seat and shook hands with him too.
he also shook hands with congress member madhusudan mistry, who had unsuccessfully contested against him from vadodara lok sabha constituency of gujarat, and also greeted deputy leader of congress anand sharma with folded hands.
the prime minister also spread some moments with congress member karan singh and stood with him for a while, before greeting jairam ramesh, standing three rows behind.
while moving back to the treasury benches, modi met cpi leader d raja on the way and then greeted his own party mps.
as members were yet to move out of the house, modi patted vinay katiyar on the back as he was standing in the aisle to leave.
members from gujarat also greeted him by bowing before him with some even touching his feet.
the attempt was seen as a move to break the ice with the opposition, which stalled parliamentary proceedings for the third day in a row demanding the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and madhya pradesh and rajasthan chief ministers alleging their involvement in the lalit modi controversy and vyaspam scam.
bjp may decide haryana chief minister tuesdaychandigarh, oct 20, 2014, ians: 12:02 isthaving got a majority on its own for the first time in haryana, the bjp is likely to decide its chief ministerial candidate here tuesday.
well placed sources in the party said that the newly elected bjp legislators will meet here tuesday and elect their leader who will be the next chief minister.
the swearing in could take place before diwali oct 23.
the bjp parliamentary board has deputed union minister venkaiah naidu and senior leader dinesh sharma as observers for the meeting here.
the names doing rounds include rashtriya swayamsewak sangh activist manohar lal khattar, state bjp president ram bilas sharma, bjp spokesperson abhimanyu, senior legislator anil vij and bjp kisan cell leader o.p. dhankar.
all of them have been elected legislators.
khattar, despite being a first-time legislator with no administrative experience, is said to have an edge at the moment over others.
the sources said that the party could opt for one of the elected legislators to be the new chief minister.
among the available legislators only ram bilas sharma has been a minister in the past while anil vij has been legislator earlier also and was leader of the bjp group in the outgoing house.
the rest have been elected for the first time and do not have administrative experience.
other names of leaders, who did not contest, include union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, rao inderjit singh and krishan pal.
the name of congressman-turned-bjp leader birender singh is also being mentioned.
this is the first time that the bjp will form its own government in the state.
the party had won only four assembly seats in the 2009 polls.
results of the haryana assembly election were historic for the bjp as the party romped home with 47 legislators.
the inld followed with 19 legislators while the congress, which was in power since march 2005, managed to get only 15 seats.
two seats went to the hjc, one each to shiromani akali dal and bahujan samaj party (bsp).
five independent candidates were also elected.
sushma may visit pak for af meetnew delhi, dec 3, 2015, dhns: 1:32 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may travel to islamabad next week to attend a multilateral conclave on afghanistan.
though the government has not yet officially announced swarajs visit to islamabad, sources said she herself might travel to the capital of the neighbouring country for a day or two to attend the heart of asia meet on afghanistan, instead of asking minister of state for external affairs v k singh to represent her and lead the delegation from india.
sources told deccan herald on wednesday that new delhi would factor in prime minister narendra modis brief but good discussions with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the un climate change summit cop 21 in paris on monday to arrive at a decision on the external affairs ministers visit to islamabad.
swaraj last month received an invitation from her counterpart and sharifs foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz to attend the heart of asia meeting (annual conclave of istanbul ministerial process on afghanistan), which is being hosted by pakistan government in islamabad.
new delhi will host the heart of asia meet next year.
a section within the government is understood to be of the view that swarajs visit to pakistan would create an opportunity for a brief and informal bilateral meeting between her and her host and counterpart aziz.
such a meeting could help resolve the impasse between the two nations.
india, syria hold talks on situation in the war-torn countrynew delhi, jan 12, 2016 (pti) 19:16 istindia and syria today held wide- ranging talks, focusing largely on the internal situation in the war-torn country and the un-backed peace process aimed at ending the strife which has claimed lives of over 2.
5 lakh people in the last five years.
syrian deputy prime minister walid al moualem, during the talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, appreciated india for its support to the people of syria and its position in finding a solution to the civil war.
swaraj conveyed to moualem, who is also minister of foreign affairs, that india was sending medicines worth usd 1 million to syria soon.
india will announce further assistance to the country during a conference on syria in london on february 4.
she also sought syria's help in ascertaining status of 39 indians who were taken hostage by isis militants from iraqi city of mosul in june 2014.
moualem assured swaraj that he will use his sources in iraq to know whereabouts of the indians.
the syrian deputy prime minister met national security adviser ajit doval last evening during which challenge of combating terrorism, particularly to deal with isis, is understood to have figured.
moualem, who visited russia and china before arriving here yesterday, gave a detailed exposition of how russian air strikes have weakened the capabilities of isis in syria as well as about the un-backed peace initiative.
the syrian deputy prime minister appreciated india for its support to people of syria, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
india has been consistently maintaining that a solution to the conflict must be found through a syrian-led peace initiative.
russia has been carrying out air strikes in syria in support of president bashar al-assad since september, targeting the terror outfit isis which has seized vast swathes of land in that country.
india has been supportive of the russian strikes maintaining that terror groups must be dealt with effectively.
the peace talks are slated for later this month and moualem has already said that syria was ready to participate in it.
the us, the uk and france are pressing for the ouster of the syrian president to have a peaceful resolution of the conflict but russia and china are against the move.
during the talks, the syrian side sought help from india in the form of supply of food and medicine.
it also sought early completion of tishreen power project being implemented by bharat heavy electrical ltd (behl).
as part of line of credit, india has already given usd 100 million out of usd 240 million for the plant.
the indian side said it was ready to complete the project if syria can give assurance of security.
bhel and syrian ministry of electricity are negotiating to resume the project.
the syrian side also requested india to complete remaining work at hama steel plant which is being set up by india at a cost of usd 25 million.
95 per cent of the work of the project has been completed.
india conveyed to syria that it will be happy to hand it over soon.
india and syria have friendly political relations.
india's support for the palestinian cause and for the return of the occupied golan heights to syria is appreciated by syrians.
president assad had visited india in june 2008 while then president prathibha patil had visited syria in november 2010.
last month, the un security council unanimously adopted a resolution endorsing a peace process in syria to end the civil war through talks between the government and the opposition, but the draft is silent on the role of assad in a political transition.
it called for a syrian-led political process facilitated by the un to establish within six months credible, inclusive and non-sectarian governance, setting a schedule for drafting a new constitution, with free and fair elections to be held within 18 months under un supervision with all syrians, including members of the diaspora, eligible to vote.
raje is 'jhansi ki rani', will sail through lalitgate: swamyjodhpur, jun 19, 2015 (pti) 16:27 istbjp leader subramanian swamy today extended his support to rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, who is embroiled in the lalitgate row, calling her 'jhansi ki rani' and capable of sailing through any controversy on her own.
raje is jhansi ki rani, who has the capability to protect herself from any odd and if the need arises, i would help her, he said, while comparing the minister to the popular freedom fighter.
responding to questions on why no party leader has so far issued any statement in the chief minister's support like in the case of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is also facing allegations pertaining to lalit modi, the leader said, i know her (raje).
she is capable of protecting herself very well.
she does not need the support of any party cadre.
what raje did was just a small favour to an old friend on humanitarian ground, which was not a crime, he said.
when questioned about allegations on jhalawar mp and raje's son dushyant singh for illegal transactions, wherein an amount of over rs 11 crores was allegedly transferred to the account of niyant heritage hotels pvt ltd owned by him, swami challenged congress to take a legal route and face the court.
if dushynat has done anything wrong, why did the congress not go to the court against him and prove that he was guilty?
he asked.
swami was here to appear in the court to plead on the bail application of asaram bapu, jailed in a sexual assault case.
army to intensify operations against ndfb: gen suhagnew delhi, dec 26, 2014, pti: 12:21 istarmy is going to intensify its operations against the ndfb militants, who carried out a deadly attack on tribals in assam leaving more than 70 people dead.
we are definitely going to intensify our operations in assam, army chief gen dalbir singh suhag told reporters here after a meeting with home minister rajnath singh.
the home minister, who returned to the national capital last evening after a two-day visit to assam to take stock of the situation there arising out of the violence perpetrated by the bodo militant group, discussed the situation in the state with suhag.
the meeting was to review the security situation in assam, the army chief said.
suhag said 66 army columns (70 personnel in each column) have been deployed in assam for counter insurgency operations.
the goc of the 4 corps, located in the worst-hit sonitpur district, heads the unified command which conducts the counter insurgency operations in assam.
sources said the home minister asked the army chief to ensure that peace returns to the violence-hit areas and there is no flare up.
singh told suhag that army presence should be increased on the field in assam, arunachal pradesh and meghalaya, where there is a presence of ndfb militants.
sources said the home minister is believed to have discussed the issue of coordinated operations with armies of bhutan and myanmar against the ndfb which has bases in the two neighbouring countries.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has already spoken to the bhutan government which assured her of action against terror outfit.
myanmar has also given assurance to flush out terrorists from their territories.
suhag told singh that local army commanders have been directed to ensure peace and bring confidence among common people, the sources said.
the home minister had yesterday promised a time-bound action against the bodo militant group which carried out the massacre of adivasi tribals, ruling out talks with the insurgent outfit.
the death toll in the carnage and retaliatory violence by tribals rose to 78.
last updated: 07 january, 2011bangalore, jan 7, dhns : 23:18 istopposition were only doing their duty, says jd(s) supremothe opposition parties were only doing their duty by disrupting the governors address to the joint house of the state legislature on thursday, jd(s) supremo h d deve gowda has said.
addressing reporters here on friday, he said the opposition did not want the governor to read out the speech prepared by a corrupt government.
there are several instances where governors have not read out their speech.
in 1973, then west bengal governor dharam veer had gone a step ahead and modified the speech, he said.
he criticised chief minister b s yeddyurappa for calling the opposition parties behaviour an assault on democracy, and asked how people should describe the bjps decision to stall parliament for 35 days and indulging in poaching the members of the bellary zilla panchayat.
taking a dig at the bjp central leadership for defending yeddyurappa over his alleged involvement in land scams, he said he had sent all documents pertaining to illegal land deals to the bjp leaders, including l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
besides, governor h r bhardwaj had given a copy of petitions filed by some advocates seeking permission to prosecute the chief minister to arun jaitley during his recent visit to raj bhavan.
still the bjp leaders have chosen to maintain silence, he said.
the bjp leaders are thick-skinned.
it is a heinous act to support a corrupt chief minister.
.
.
.
i have the courage to say this, he said.
the bjp has no moral right to criticise the prime minister on the 2g spectrum scam, he added.
he also said all secular parties in the state, including the jd(s) and the congress, will together fight against the corrupt government.
gowda said the congress and the jd(s) should join hands and take over the reins of 10 hung zilla panchayats in order to keep the saffron party out.
power is not important.
the two secular parties should join hands to keep the bjp out.
i hope the national party (the congress) will make up its mind, he said.
pm may visit sri lanka next monthnew delhi, feb 2, 2015, dhns: 1:56 isttrip said to be in reciprocation of sirisena's journey to indiaprime minister narendra modi may visit colombo after playing host to new sri lankan president maithripala sirisena in new delhi on february 16.
the prime minister may also add jaffnathe capital of tamil-majority northern province of sri lankato his itinerary during his visit to the island nation.
if modi visits jaffna, he will be the first prime minister of india to visit the capital of the northern province, after the sri lankan army wrested its control from the ltte in 2009.
the prime minister will review indias assistance to sri lanka to rehabilitate people displaced due to the conflict between the ltte and the lankan army.
he may announce a new package to further support reconstruction of the war-ravaged province of sri lanka.
sirisena beat president mahinda rajapaksa in the elections held last month and took over as the new leader of the island nation.
he chose new delhi to be his first foreign destination after taking over the reins in colombo.
while new delhi was cautious about rajapaksa governments pro-china approach, sirisena has already indicated that he was keen to have a better relationship with india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj already played host to her counterpart and new sri lankan foreign minister mangala samaraweera who visited new delhi just days after the new government took office in colombo.
swaraj may also visit colombo ahead of the prime ministers proposed tour to sri lanka.
repatriating refugeesswaraj and samaraweera agreed that india and sri lanka would re-engage on the issue of repatriation of lankan refugees from india.
sirisena and modis visits to new delhi and colombo respectively may see some forward movement on the process.
the two governments are also keen to facilitate an early meeting of the fishermens associations of the two countries at an early date to discuss a long-term solution of the fishing dispute on palk strait.
frequent parliament disruptions agonising : former speaker somnath chatterjeenew delhi, aug 2, 2015, (pti); 15:43 istformer lok sabha speaker somnath chatterjee today described as very agonising the frequent disruptions of parliament and lamented the inadequacy of the position of the presiding officer who is unable to run the house because of circumstances beyond his control.
chatterjee, during whose tenure as speaker between 2004 and 2009 bjp was the main opposition party, recalled he too faced long periods of trouble.
i used to be told sometimes just through a phone call half an hour before the house was to assemble for the day that it will not run on that day as our party has decided that it should not run, he told pti in an interview.
the former speaker regretted that the fight in parliament was getting worse with no meeting point.
whoever is in the opposition is feeling he is not being heard, he said.
referring to the current scenario when bjp has a majority on its own and the opposition is a weakened lot, he said,it is weakening the whole process of parliamentary democracy.
opposition finds no way out.
ruling party feels why should i talk because i have majority.
ultimately, it leads to ordinances and government orders and parliament sessions remain unproductive, he said.
a no holds barred fight erupts as all ways for settlement of the demands of the opposition are closed, he said, adding the evolving political culture is very agnoising.
such circumstances, he said, showed the inadequacy of the position of the speaker whose plight is extremely painful.
asked what would be his advice to speaker sumitra mahajan to end the deadlock, the veteran former parliamentarian said,the speaker does not need any advice.
parliament's monsoon session has been a virtual washout so far with opposition congress resolutely following the no resignation, no discussion line.
the opposition has been insisting on the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for helping fugitive former ipl boss lalit modi.
it is also seeking madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan's ouster over the vyapam scam.
congress demands immediate sacking of swaraj, rajenew delhi, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 20:40 iststepping up its offensive on the lalit modi controversy, congress today demanded immediate sacking of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and questioned the conspiratorial silence of prime minister narendra modi.
the party also announced the start of an agitation in rajasthan from tomorrow demanding resignation of raje, holding her and swaraj guilty of gross constitutional impropriety and blatant misuse of office.
party's chief spokesperson randeep surjewala told reporters that the bjp leadership, instead of defending the indefensible needed to sack both of them without delay.
swaraj and raje are guilty of violation of various penal codes of ipc, surjewala claimed adding that the party would follow all options in the case.
he was asked whether the party would take legal recourse.
there is a clear-cut culpability on part of swaraj and raje under sections 107, 120-b, 166a, 172,173,177,217 of the indian penal code.
raje also needs to be prima facie investigated for offences under prevention of corruption act, he said.
targetting prime minister modi, he said that the pm has a conspiratorial silence, which can only come from a person who is guilty himself or who has something to hide.
pm is doing maun (silent) yoga.
he should be given the new sobriquet of maun modi, surjewala said taking a dig at the prime minister.
noting that swaraj by her humanitarian gesture has permitted a fugitive and money-launderer not only to travel from uk to portugal but has also facilitated his travel for holidays abroad and back to uk, he said she could not have done all this without collective responsibility of the cabinet.
swaraj could not have done all this without, as arun jaitley says, collective responsibility of the cabinet.
responsibility and knowledge of prime minister is, thus writ large, he said.
when asked whether the congress would appeal to all other opposition parties to back its stand, he remarked our appeal is only to 125 crore people of the country, including political parties, to stand with truth.
truth must always walk alone, he remarked earlier when asked as to why other opposition parties including samajwadi party and trinamool congress have been lukewarm to congress' campaign on the issue.
he said that every political party should consider the facts which are now in public domain.
anybody who believes in rule of law and transparency and accountability of the political executive will support our demand.
govt working towards big changes, modi assures rssnew delhi: sep 04, 2015, dhns: 2:25 istprime minister narendra modi on friday is understood to have conveyed to top rss leaders that his government was working towards big changes in all key sectors for ushering in higher growth and creating jobs, as they wrapped up a three-day huddle.
top bjp ministers, including modi, rajnath singh, arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj and manohar parrikar, over the last three days focused on what was seen as an exercise to identify areas for course correction for the 15-month-old government and get rid of negative perceptions.
modi told the sangh leaders, led by rss chief mohan bhagwat, that he and his ministers were confident that visible effects of their efforts would soon be evident in various sectors.
you will see the results soon and peoples lives are headed for the better because of our efforts, he was quoted as telling them by bjp sources.
stating that he was a proud member of the rss, modi said he hoped to continue to receive guidance from the sangh.
modi, briefed by bjp president amit shah and other ministers on the concerns of the rss as articulated by its leaders in the last three days, is said to have urged the sangh leadership to continue to keep the hotheads among their ranks under control, lest the countrys economic growth narrative was impaired by needless controversies.
in the last three days, top rss leaders offered suggestions to the ministers in crucial areas like the economy, education, farmers welfare and national security.
however, shortly before modi arrived, rss deputed its joint general secretary dattatreya hosabale to declare that the direction and dedication of the government was good and it has renewed the worlds confidence in india.
cbi swoop on reddys: gadkari holds meeting with karnataka leaderslast updated: 06 september, 2011nagpur, sep 6 (pti) 19:50 istbjp president nitin gadkari today held closed door meeting with karnataka chief minister d v saddananda gowda here in the backdrop of the arrest of party strongman and former minister g janardhan reddy in connection with the illegal mining scam.
the meeting, which took place at gadkari's residence lasted for almost two hours.
it was also attended by gowda's predecessor b s yeddyurappa.
the party downplayed the arrest of the reddys and accused the congress of using the cbi for unleashing political vendetta.
we discussed the arrest of reddys but its a legal issue now, dharmendra pradhan, bjp national general secretary and karnataka in-charge said declining to comment further.
indeed, the meeting with gadkariji was regarding the by-poll in kopal in karnataka and other political developments after the new cm took over, he told reporters here.
pradhan said the party did not compromise on corruption and previous political developments and brought a change of guard (in karnataka), which are indications that it was serious on graft issues.
he said opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj has also offered to undergo probe by any agency on allegations of her alleged links and patronage to the reddy brothers.
to a question on congress general secretary digvijay singh's allegations against swaraj, he said the bjp was not taking him seriously.
on alleged links of some bjp leaders in the murder of rti activist shehla masood in bhopal, pradhan denied involvement of any of them in the killing.
janardhan reddy and managing director of obalapuram mining company b v srinivas reddy were arrested by cbi yesterday after searches at their premises allegedly led to seizure of over 30 kg of gold and more than rs 4.
5 crore in cash.
china proposes to india talks on differences over lakhvi issuebeijing, jul 2, 2015 (pti) 14:08 istamid india's concerns over china's move to block action against pakistan over release of mumbai attack mastermind zaki-ur rehman lakhvi, china has proposed to discuss the issue with india in the joint mechanism on counter-terrorism.
in the first detailed comment from china over its move to block action against pakistan in the un security council, a senior chinese official said the two countries are victims of terrorism and are working quite well to combat the menace.
both india and china are victims of terrorism.
we have similar positions on this.
we are working quite well in this field.
we are opposed terrorism all forms, said huang xilian, deputy director general of the asian affairs department of the chinese foreign ministry.
but at the same time he said that when it comes to the specific issue in multilateral institutions it required further discussions.
we need to have further discussion and conversation so that we can have better understanding and can work closely on it.
we are ready to do that.
we have a mechanism of counter- terrorism consultation between the two ministries in which it can be discussed, he told indian journalists yesterday.
the meeting of the counter-terrorism mechanism is scheduled to be held in the second half of this year.
we hope it will bring help closer cooperation between the two in this field, he said.
huang said india and china have similar positions on terrorism at the un.
we share similar positions in principle.
on specific issues.
.
.
we need to stay (in) close communication for better understanding and close cooperation, he said.
we have effective mechanism of counter-terrorism consultation.
it is quite effective and we should make full use of this mechanism to promote understanding and cooperation, he said.
beside the lakhvi's case, china had earlier put a technical hold on india's demand for un security council to take action against hizbul mujahudeen chief syed salahuddin and lashkar-e-toyaba leader hafeez sayed.
indian officials said when the un sanctions committee met at india's request, a clarification was to be sought from pakistan over lakhvis release in the 26/11 trial but the chinese representatives blocked the move on grounds that india did not provide sufficient information.
in a letter to the current chair of the un sanctions committee jim mclay, indias permanent representative to the un asoke mukherjee had said lakhvi's release by a pakistani court was in violation of the 1267 un resolution dealing with designated entities and individuals.
prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took up the issue with the chinese leadership.
pm sharif in 'driving seat' on pak's india policy: pak hcpakistan envoy abdul basit.
pti file photopakistan prime minister nawaz sharif is in the driving seat in handling relations with india, pakistan envoy abdul basit has said, seeking to dispel the perception that it's powerful army called the shots.
basit's remarks assume significance as foreign policy experts in india feel that pakistan army scuttles any forward movement in indo-pak ties.
at present, the engagement between the two south asian neighbours is suspended following series of attacks carried out in india by pakistan-based terror groups.
however, in a freewheeling interview to pti, basit said categorically that the two countries cannot escape from bilateral engagement.
they cannot live in perpetual hostility, he asserted.
we are very happy that our army is one of the best in the world.
at the same time, our democracy has taken deep roots during the last 8-9 years.
and i have no doubt that our prime minister, who is an elected prime minister, is in the driving seat when it comes to policy matters.
it is the civilian side which calls the shots.
in all democratic countries including india, you do take inputs from all the stakeholders and that is what we also do in pakistan.
there is nothing out of the ordinary in that.
our relations with india are very important part of our foreign policy, so, if there are inputs from our security agencies, there is nothing extraordinary, he said.
the pakistan high commissioner also noted that the pattern in indo-pak ties was one step forward and two steps backward.
therefore, it is important that the two countries should be engaged in irreversible and build on the past progress and not squander them, he added.
it is unnatural not to talk or not have normal relations.
it is absolutely incumbent on both sides to keep the door ajar (for talks).
.
.
we cannot live in perpetual hostility, basit said.
he also said he was convinced that sooner or later, the two countries will come to the negotiating table.
on the reasons for ties to sink after a promising start at the beginning of the modi government's tenure in 2014 when sharif had come to attend the swearing-in ceremony and the bonhomie shown by the two leaders, basit said, obviously from the indian view point pathankot was one incident.
announcement of the comprehensive bilateral dialogue (cbd) during the visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to pakistan in december 2015 was a one of the biggest achievements of past three years, he said.
but after the pathankot incident, the visit by the indian foreign secretary, who was to come to pakistan on january 15, 2016, was cancelled.
the envoy also said the two sides already have a framework in the cbd and it would be scheduling of meetings on various issues.
swaraj managed to speak a few sentences in the rajya sabha amid slogan-shouting by congress members seeking fixing of accountability in the lalitgate and vyapam scam but could not complete her statement, as deputy chairman p j kurien adjourned the house till 1200 hours amidst the din.
seizing on kurien's statement that prime minister cannot respond unless a discussion as demanded by anand sharma (cong) under rule 267 by suspending the business is initiated, leader of the house arun jaitley said swaraj would make a statement to initiate the debate in the absence of unwillingness of the congress leader to initiate it.
the allegations of assisting lalit modi are baseless and unfounded, she said, adding i did not make any request to the british government for issue of travel documents to lalit modi.
she wanted to say more but kurien adjourned the house amid vociferous protests from the congress members, who moved into the well the moment swaraj rose to speak.
the minister said for two weeks she has been coming to the house every day in the hope of being able to make a statement and clarify on the issue.
earlier, anand sharma (cong) said the house has been in a stalemate because of the government's arrogance.
this house cannot be in order unless issues have been responded by the prime minister on fixing accountability and responsibility.
government is not serious, he said demanding a response from the prime minister.
kurien said, unless you start the discussion, prime minister cannot respond.
this moment was seized upon by jaitley who said if sharma was unwilling to initiate a discussion, swaraj will make a statement to start the discussion.
congress members trooped into the well of the house shouting slogans seeking resignations of swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in connection with the lalit modi controversy and madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan in the vyapam scam.
indian embassy in yemen could have done better: b'luru bizmanapril 5, 2015, bengaluru, dhns 2:01 istthe plans put in place by the indian embassy in war-torn yemen were not glitch-free, feels ravi kumar, a bengaluru-based businessman said.
he spoke to deccan herald on the challenges he faced in yemen from where he and his family was rescued.
there were also procedural delays that added to the agony of indians stranded there, kumar said.
but for the procedural delays and the indian embassys tedious procedures, he would have returned from yemen long ago, kumar said.
it was after a long wait that kumar, who was to return back on march 25, came home.
soon after the situation worsened, other embassies worked out a quick plan of action.
people from pakistan, russia, philippines, somalia were evacuated by sunday.
most of them did not even have an embassy based in yemen.
however, they ensured immediate help to their citizens, kumar said.
each time, they would ask us to mail the passport details.
the first time, we had to go and hand over a photocopy of the passport along with photographs in person to the embassy office that was far from our residences.
it would have been convenient if all this work was done digitally, he said.
besides, indians who were waiting to return back had to partake of the food leftover by a group of pilgrims who were at the airport.
they had neither made arrangements for food or water.
the airport is shut down and no facilities were available.
there is a need to have experienced people in the embassy, he suggested.
living there itself was a challenge, he said, adding that during the day, there were drone attacks.
during nights, it was worse.
he said that it would become nearly impossible to rescue people still stranded if war starts on the ground.
my only request to the government is to bring back fellow indians at the earliest, he said.
kumar had to share a small room with 12 others as that was the only place where they could feel safe.
most of us who were not used to war sounds spent sleepless nights.
there were people who slept in kitchens as there were walls all around, he recalled.
another bengaluru resident madan mohan reddy too has reached home safe.
quoting embassy sources, kumar said that there were still 3,000 indians awaiting help.
kumar who was on an assignment had a trip scheduled from march 13 to 25.
he was in for a shock when he was told that he would have to stay back as the runway was damaged following an attack and that the airport would remain closed on march 26.
on april 1, there was a sense of relief as he received a call that they would be evacuated.
but the happiness did not last long.
at 11 pm, on reaching the airport, he was told that they flights were cancelled.
minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to kumar in the afternoon on saturday and said that 325 indians were to be evacuated that day and 800 more were to board flights on sunday.
india and france are working to shape a strong development partnership, including in the fields of science and technology, clean energy and infrastructure, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said as she met the country's top leadership and discussed issues of mutual interest from a strategic perspective.
swaraj, who arrived here from rome yesterday on the second leg of her four-nation tour, called on french president emmanuel macron and discussed follow up to the understandings reached during his visit to india in march this year.
she also met her french counterpart jean-yves le drian and the two leaders held in-depth and constructive discussions on full range of bilateral relationship, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
our trade, capital and technology partnerships are registering impressive growth.
bilateral trade touched euros 9.
85 billion (or usd 10.
95 billion) last year.
but, we need to do more to reach the set target of trade in goods to 15 billion euros by 2022, swaraj was quoted as saying by kumar.
india and france are also working to shape a strong development partnership, including in the fields of smart urbanisation, science & technology, clean energy, transportation, and infrastructure sectors, she said.
she said the visits of prime minister modi to france in april 2015 and june 2017 and macron to india have infused new momentum and dynamism to bilateral strategic partnership, brought about increased political convergence and built deep mutual trust.
swaraj also met philippe etienne, diplomatic advisor to macron, and exchanged views on bilateral, regional and global issues of mutual interest from a strategic perspective.
india and france are celebrating the 20th anniversary of their strategic partnership.
parliament condemns bail to lakhvi,govt wants pak to reverse decisionnew delhi, dec 19, 2014, (pti) 14:36 istindia today rejected pakistan's contention about insufficient evidence against mumbai attack mastermind zaki-ur rehman lakhvi and asked it to ensure reversal of bail granted to him as parliament expressed outrage over the development and condemned it.
as members raised the issue in lok sabha, prime minister narendra modi said the bail granted to lakhvi yesterday has come as a shock to all those who believe in humanity worldover, particularly after every indian shared the pain of the massacre of pakistani children in peshawar on tuesday.
the lok sabha adopted a quickly-drafted resolution condemning the bail granted to lakhvi and asked the government to take all steps in its power, including through its relations with foreign countries, to put pressure on pakistan to bring this matter to a satisfactory conclusion.
as the house stood as one on the issue sinking differences, modi said india immediately conveyed its sentiments in the strongest terms to pakistan and the future actions will take into account the agitated feelings expressed by the mps.
referring to the massacre in a school in peshawar, he said, the pain felt in india was no less than that felt in pakistan.
every indian had tears in eyes.
.
.
but immediately after that this kind of behaviour has come as shock to all those who believe in humanity.
he assured the house that the sentiments expressed by the members will be reflected in government's actions on the issue.
immediately after, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a statement, saying, we reject this argument that there is lack of adequate evidence.
she said by allowing bail to lakhvi, pakistan has made mockery of its pledge to fight terrorism without any condition or discrimination and asserted that pakistan should immediately get this decision overturned.
govt willing to walk extra mile: venkaiah naidunew delhi, aug 5, 2015, (pti): 13:56 istcalling external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj an asset, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu today said the government was willing to walk the extra mile to accomodate the opposition but could not accept its unreasonable demands.
launching a scathing attack at congress, naidu said that the opposition party is really rattled by the successes of the narendra modi led government and was therefore blocking the proceedings of parliament to stop the progress of the country.
dismissing congress's demand for resignations of swaraj and rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vasundhara raja and shivraj singh chauhan over lalit modi and vyapam related issues, naidu said that while swaraj is an asset, the others are outstanding performers.
sushma swaraj is a great asset to the nation.
there is a no allegation at all.
still they want her to resign, he said.
congress was putting forth a ridiculous argument that during their regime six ministers had been forced to resign, so they would not give up, he said, adding that upa ministers had corruption charges against them and even some arrests had been made.
he also noted that swaraj was willing to answer all questions but congress did not want a discussion.
defending lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan's move to suspend opposition party members from the house for causing disruptions, naidu said that when congress was in power such steps had been taken several times including in years like 1989, when 63 mps were suspended and also in 2013.
countering criticism that the gujarat model was being imposed in parliament, naidu asked, was there any gujarat model in 1989?
they should not give any sermons.
it is a case of 'sau chuhe khake billi haj ko chali (after committing many sins, they are pretending to be holy)', he said.
naidu further said that some leaders were saying that an emergency like situation was being imposed and in a way were criticising the emergency which had been ushered in by former prime minister indira gandhi and several leaders jailed.
do they accept that also?
he asked.
the parliamentary affairs minister said that people are restive and distressed as they want laws made and important issues like flood situation, farmers suicides, abductions in libya etc discussed and protesting outside parliament would not serve any purpose.
naidu who was speaking at an event organised by the bjp youth wing bhartiya janata yuva morcha (bjym), said there is a need to counter the disinformation campaign of the congress.
bsy's defiance rattles bjp brassbangalore/new delhi, mar 19, 2012, dhns: 2:08 istex-cm rejects feelers from gadkarib s yeddyurappa on monday spurned conciliatory feelers from the party leadership, and sent a representation signed by about 62 mlas to party president nitin gadkari seeking an emergency meeting of the bjp legislature party to re-elect him its leader.
the representation was faxed to gadkaris office within hours of the former chief minister reportedly rejecting an offer from gadkari for a one-to-one meeting in nagpur.
yeddyurappa is learnt to have told gadkari that in case any discussion on the issue was required, he would visit nagpur along with his supporters.
the yeddyurappa camp would not release to the media names of signatories to the representation.
yeddyurappa continued his defiance of the party leadership despite gadkari making mollifying noises in mumbai.
gadkari told the media in mumbai: the bjp is discussing leadership change and id told him the same.
we are in touch with him and we have told him that he should be patient and cooperate with the party.
despite such feelers, in yet another aggressive move, yeddyurappa fielded his close associate b j puttaswamy for the ensuing biennial elections to the rajya sabha.
a seething state bjp leadership suspended puttaswamy from the primary leadership of the partyyeddyurappas relentless pressure seems to have rattled the partys central leadership which is contemplating convening a meeting of the core committee of the party on wednesday to deal with the crisis.
in response to the former chief ministers harangue that he be reinstated, citing the high court quashing fir filed against in the lokayukta mining report, most leaders are said to be either neutral or in favour of his return to the cms post.
party sources said veteran l k advanis was the lone dissenting voice.
yeddyurappa is trying to drive a hard bargain with the party central leadership by getting the support of more than half of the party legislators in writing.
at the same time, yeddyurappas loyalists are also planning to stay away from the day one of the budget session scheduled to commence on monday.
the deadline set by yeddyurappa to the central leadership ends on tuesday evening.
in an attempt to deflect the pressure exerted by b s yeddyurappa to reinstate him, the bjp leadership is likely to convene a meeting of its core committee on wednesday to discuss the crisis arising out the former chief ministers demand.
the core committee would be held once party president nitin gadkari returned to the capital on wednesday from maharashtra.
at the meeting, senior leaders would discuss the pros and cons of the action if yeddyurappa was made chief minister again.
also, issues like the lingayat leader fielding a rebel candidate  b j puttaswamy  as a party candidate in the rajya sabha candidate would come up.
a section of the party is arguing that the leadership should consider the cases against yeddyurappa were still pending in supreme court.
party president nitin gadkari, who in mumbai, asked yeddyurappa to exercise restraint, is said to have told party senior arun jaitley to sort out the issue.
the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha is, sources said, in constant touch with the former chief minister.
another party veteran murli manoha joshi is said to have expressed his opinion that yeddyurappa should have been brought back once the karnataka high court gave its verdict absolving him.
replying to a question, gadkari told the media in mumbai: discussion is on.
we will decide appropriately and soon.
but we won't take any decision under pressure.
we are in touch with him and we have told him that he should be patient and cooperate with the party.
gadkari also hinted that the party leaders have also assured the angry ousted chief minister that he would be reinstated if cleared of corruption charges by the court, adding, we believe that the charges against him do not stand.
leader of the opposition in the lok sabha,party senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, speaking to reporters after a 12-member pro-yeddyurappa group of mps form karnataka met her on monday, said: i told the mps that only that party forum which asked yeddyurappa to step down can now decide on whether he should be reinstated.
the core group had made this decision and it will have to meet again if this decision has to be reconsidered.
voice of dissent in bjp over lalitgatenew delhi/washington, june 24, 2015, dhns & pti: 2:06 isthelping fugitive is wrong: mp r k singhthe voices of dissent seem to be growing louder inside the bjp with party mpand former home secretary r k singh taking a stand contrary to the partysopinion on the lalit modi controversy.
at a time when the bjp and the centre are strongly defending external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, both accused of helping disgraced former ipl chief lalit modi, singh said: helping a bhagoda (fugitive) is wrong, no matter who helped him.
.
.
he (modi) should be brought back to face trial.
the former home secretary also advocated filling an appeal to revoke modis passport.
the former ipl chief got his passport back last august through a delhi high court order after the upa government had cancelled it in 2010.
evading a direct reply to a query on whether modi was being bailed out, the bjp mp from arrah said that the departments should be doing their job.
i have given my view, he said, hinting that he was aware that the statement was contrary to the partys stand.
several bjp leaders avoided reacting to singhs statement.
environment minister prakash javadekar refused to get drawn into the controversy as the bjp top brass has told its leaders not to speak out of turn.
a senior bjp leader, however, sarcastically remarked that police and army officers have low political iq, hinting that singh could have avoided making such statements.
meanwhile, a day after transport minister nitin gadkari came out in support of raje and her family, finance minister arun jaitley said rajes son and bjp mp dushyant singh is yet to get a clean chit.
jaitley, who is on an official tour of the us, told reporters that authorities would continue the probe into the over rs 11 crore transaction between dushyant and modi.
jaitley also said that his previous remarks on the issue was misinterpreted.
attributing to the finance minister, news reports had stated that jaitley said the deals between dushyant and modi was a commercial transaction.
amid all these developments, modi continued to dig out old hidden details to take pot shots at jaitley, congress leader rajeev shukla and former bcci chief n srinivasan.
modi tweeted that even jaitley met him at a london hotel when he was leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha.
mr @arunjaitley whilst you were leader of the opposition did u meet mr lalit modi alone in #london for hours at the #stjamescourt taj hotel, he tweeted.
he also said that srinivasan met jaitley three times after he became finance minister but accused the media for not highlighting the fact.
in maharashtra, chief minister devendra fadnavis is under pressure to take a decision on mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria.
additional chief secretary k p bakshi has submitted a report to the chief minister, based on which the state government is expected to take a decision soon.
'oppn protests a murder of democracy'new delhi: august 12, 2015, dhns 0:54 istthe continued protest by mps of the congress, left parties and the samajwadi party with placards and slogan shouting, disrupting proceedings in the lok sabha on tuesday, led a visibly anguished speaker sumitra mahajan to term the mayhem murder of democracy.
as the congress mps waved placards in front of the speakers podium to block the lok sabha tv cameras from taking her shots, mahajan warned them that the entire nation was witnessing the irresponsible behaviour of the opposition parties.
she asked the tv crew to broadcast audio-visuals of the agitating mps to shame them and to let the nation see their behaviour inside the house.
this is murder of democracy.
this is not democracy, said mahajan.
the lok sabha tv should air all these visuals.
people of the entire country should see how the mps are behaving in the house, she added, as congress mps navneet singh and deepender singh waved placards that read: 48 persons died, speak up prime minister and guilty chief minister should resign.
congress and left parties mps trooped to the well of the lok sabha soon after the house met on tuesday and the speaker announced that she had rejected their notices for adjournment motions.
demanding resignation of chief minister of bjp-ruled madhya pradesh, shivraj singh chouhan, for his reported involvement in the vyapam recruitment scam, the congress and left mps raised slogans demanding that prime minister narendra modi should speak on the issue.
the mps of the samajwadi party and the rashtriya janata dal also joined the protest, demanding that the recently concluded caste census data should be made public.
the mps of the nationalist congress party and trinamool congress did not join the protestors but stood on the aisles or near their seats.
the congress mps also demanded the resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief minister of bjp-ruled rajasthan, vasundhara raje, for reportedly helping tainted former indian premier league commissioner lalit modi get travel documents in the united kingdom while the enforcement directorate back in india was probing violation of the foreign exchange management act by him.
please go back to your seats.
you are sending a very wrong message to the nation.
merely 40-50 people are trying to usurp the rights of about 440 members.
more than 400 members want the lok sabha to function and discussions to take place, she urged the agitating mps.
the agitating mps also targeted prime minister narendra modi for not speaking up on the issues and not delivering on his promises to end corruption in governance.
the speaker conducted the proceedings for almost two hours despite the din and adjourned the house at 1:00 pm for 75 minutes.
tearful goodbye to prabhabengaluru/bantwal (dakshina kannada district): march 16, 2015, dhns: 2:09 istthe last rites of prabha arun kumar, the software engineer murdered in sydney on march 7, were performed at her hometown in amtoor in the bantwal taluk on sunday.
a large number of people, including relatives, friends teachers and villagers, gathered at prabha's parental house nandagokula to bid the 41-year-old a tearful adieu.
prabhas body was brought to bengaluru on saturday night by her husband arun kumar and brother dr shankar shetty, and kept at a relatives house in bapuji layout till 10.
30 am on sunday.
while it was there, union law minister d v sadananda gowda, chemical and fertilisers minister ananth kumar, karnataka ministers k j george, h c mahadevappa and r roshan baig, mp shobha karandlaje, mlas v somanna and priya krishna, mayor shantha kumar, city police commissioner m n reddi and retired ips officer subash bharani paid their last respects.
the family members are going through a great turmoil, and the government has stood by them, said ananth kumar.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has been in touch with the family and her australian counterparts with regard to the murder probe, he added.
prabhas body was on sunday flown from hal airport to her hometown in a special flight arranged by mindtree, the firm that had employed her.
it arrived there at 12:30 pm.
even before the body reached the residence, people gathered in large numbers to express condolence.
prabhas parents mahabala shetty and sarojini, daughter meghana, brothers dr shankar shetty, shivaprasad shetty, nithin shetty and sister shubha shetty were inconsolable as the body was taken for the last rites.
arun kumar lit the pyre amidst mango trees near the house.
health minister u t khadar, district-in-charge minister ramanath rai, mlc ivan d'souza, mlas mohiuddin bava and shakunthala shetty, mp nalin kumar kateel, former minister nagaraj shetty and others expressed condolences to the family and paid last respect to prabha.
the management of st antony aided higher primary school, karingana, near amtoor, where prabha had studied, had offered a special prayer to her on saturday.
new delhi, mar 9, 2015, dhns: 1:37 istindia has responded firmly to sri lanka prime minister ranil wickremesinghes remark of shooting intruding indian fishermen and said that was no solution as fisherfolk from both sides may stray into each others waters in pursuit of livelihood.
if we resort to shooting, then both the countries can keep shooting each other, because its not just our fishermen who go there, their fishermen also come into our waters.
i am happy to inform you that on both issues, sri lanka was agreeable with us, she added.
she was referring to her discussions with wickremesinghe, who recently stoked a controversy by seeking to defend rights of the island nations navy and coast guard to shoot at tamil nadu fishermen straying across the maritime boundary between india and its neighbour in the palk strait.
parliament logjam: no truce even on third daynew delhi, july 23, 2015, dhns: 1:20 istall-party meet cancelled after cong gives the slipthe governments attempt to broker a truce with the opposition failed on thursday after the congress party skipped an all-party informal meeting.
upset with the move, the government appears to be hardening its stand on backing external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalitgate issue.
let them (congress) be exhausted since there is no chance of accepting their demand of resignation first and debate later, a senior minister said.
government sources said junior parliamentary affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and rajiv pratap rudy had reached out to all parties for an informal meet at around 12:30 pm on thursday to break the logjam in parliament.
bjp sources said after initially agreeing to the plan, congress floor managers backed out leaving little meaning for having the meeting intended to take feedback from all parties.
the meeting was subsequently called off.
in a business advisory committee of lok sabha meeting held on wednesday, congress mp jyotiraditya scindia had said that none from the government had approached his party for breaking the ice in both the houses, giving a food for thought for parliamentary affairs ministry to initiate the first step.
continuing from the day before, the bjp repackaged its ammunition with more details to target himachal chief minister virbhadra singh for alleged tax evasion in the new series of scam versus scam between the ruling party and congress.
on wednesday, the bjp released a video sting to hit out at uttarakhand chief minister harish rawat over his aide purportedly demanding bribe to give liquor contracts to private vendors.
in another attack on the congress, telecom minister ravi shankar prasad in a press conference charged that himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh had siphoned off crores of rupees as unsecured loan by reviving an energy project.
raising a clear question, prasad sought an explanation from congress vice-president rahul gandhi whether  giving extension to a cancelled project of venture energy & technology private limited doesnt amount to quid pro quo?
sonia discharged from aiimsnew delhi, aug 26, 2013, (pti) 3:18 istcongress president sonia gandhi was tonight admitted to aiims hospital after she was taken ill in the lok sabha where her pet welfare legislation and upa's ambitious food security bill was in the final stages of adoption.
she spent about five hours, and was discharged from the hospital after her check-up was completed.
the congress president has come back, she is all right and her medical check-up has been completed, party general secretary janardan dwivedi told pti.
a senior doctor at aiims said, she had cough.
.
.
she had headache.
she took medicines after which she felt uneasiness in parliament, that is why she was here.
we put all the test required for such diseases and we found her normal, and she has left in her own car talking to all the doctors, and thanking all of us.
union health minister ghulam nabi azad said, madam, it looks, had medicines for common cold and headache, as a result of which she had some uneasiness and she had to be brought to aiims and now all test have been conducted and she is perfectly fine and has gone home.
67-year-old sonia left the lok sabha while the voting was underway tonight on various amendments moved by the opposition and was rushed to aiims.
ironically, sonia could not be present in the lower house when the landmark bill was passed.
there is nothing to worry.
she is completely fine, dwivedi had earlier said.
several leaders of the congress made a beeline to aiims to inquire about sonia's condition.
dwivedi said that based on the available information from doctors some medicines did not suit her and problems erupted because of their reactions.
aiims hospital sources said sonia complained of exhaustion and mild chest pain and was taken to the intensive care unit (icu) as a precautionary measure before she was shifted to the cardio-neuro centre.
the sources said sonia underwent some tests including an ecg and is under observation at aiims where top doctors of the institute including its director r c deka are attending on her.
balram airon, head of cardio-thoracic surgery department, is monitoring sonia's health condition.
sonia was stated to be suffering from viral fever since yesterday and was suddenly taken ill after spearheading upa's ambitious food security bill in the lok sabha today.
she was seen leaving parliament at 8.
15 pm and holding the hand of union minister selja before boarding a vehicle.
her son and congress vice president rahul gandhi also accompanied her.
security was beefed in and around aiims.
in a tweet, senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj wished sonia a speedy recovery.
doctors earlier examined sonia at her home yesterday and today, sources said.
earlier in the day, gandhi led the party in the debate on the landmark bill describing it as a measure to wipe out hunger from the country.
government trying to protect lalit modi through extradition: congressnew delhi, oct 23, 2015, (ians) 20:24 istthe congress on friday accused the modi government of trying to protect former cricket ipl chief lalit modi by seeking his extradition and not 'deportation' from britain which, it said, was a 8-10 year lengthy process.
the modi government has attempted to bury the 'modigate' scandal by asserting that the deportation of indian fugitive lalit modi is not possible.
both inside and outside parliament, finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj have maintained that the only option is to proceed with the extradition of lalit modi, congress spokesperson randeep singh surjewala told the media on friday.
the modi government has taken this stance with the full knowledge that the extradition process is lengthy enough to take 8-10 years, by which public memory will move away from the modigate affair, he added.
the congress also accused the bjp-led government of not putting in public domain various communications exchanged between the then finance minister p. chidambaram and the british government for the immediate deportation of lalit modi for prosecution under indian laws.
chidambaram wrote three letters dated july 8, 2013, august 21, 2013 and march 14, 2014 for lalit modi's deportation instead of extradition.
the letters were written to george osborne, the then chancellor of exchequer, uk, surjewala added.
the congress on monday released two communications to the media, one dated july 17, 2013 written by osborne in reply to chidambaram's letter and the other dated august 21, 2013 written by chidambaram to osborne in response.
but the letters written by chidambaram to osborne on july 8, 2013 and march 14, 2014 were not shared with the media.
interestingly, osborne in his reply of july 17, 2013 to chidambaram's july 8 letter requesting the deportation of lalit modi, who has had his passport revoked by the indian government, wrote: it is the case that an individual does not require a valid passport in order to remain in the uk if their passport was valid when they entered.
for uk assistance to be provided in any criminal investigation, an extradition request should be made under the usual mechanisms for international judicial cooperation.
we will then of course provide full assistance in so far as uk law will allow, osborne said.
meanwhile, in his letter dated august 21, 2013, chidambaram cited 2,784 cases where 'emergency certificates' were issued to the indian high commission in five years up to 2013 and where deportation was done by uk authorities.
the then indian government pointed out the fact that lalit modi's passport had been revoked and there was no reason to consider him differently.
the indian government also pointed out that lalit modi was evading investigation in serious offences registered in india by his continued stay in the uk, said surjewala.
what is most noteworthy is the fact that the deportation of illegal immigrants from the uk does not require the person being deported to be facing criminal proceedings in the country of his origin.
deportation (also called 'removal proceeding') is possible under sections 9 and 10 of immigration and asylum act, 1999 in uk, the congress leader added.
surjewala futher said: jaitley specifically told parliament that for deportation of a person from the uk, there has to be a criminal case against the person concerned.
he pointed out that as there was no criminal case against lalit modi, extradition was the only option.
he himself admitted in parliament on august 12, 2015 that an fir had been registered against lalit modi in 2010, which was converted into a prevention of money laundering case in 2012.
new delhi, oct 14, 2015 (pti) 21:53 istthe secret files related to subhas chandra bose will be declassified by the central government beginning january 23 next year, prime minister narendra modi announced today as he met netaji's family members and declared there is no need to strangle history.
he said he will also urge foreign governments to declassify files on netaji available with them by writing to them and personally taking up with foreign leaders, beginning with russia in december.
his announcement regarding an issue that has been hanging fire for seven decades came when he received 35 family members of bose at his official residence here and interacted with them for an hour.
process of declassification of files relating to netaji will begin on 23rd january 2016, subhas babu's birth anniversary, modi tweeted later.
will also request foreign governments to declassify files on netaji available with them.
shall begin this with russia in december, he said in another tweet.
declaring that there is no need to strangle history, he said nnations that forget their history lack the power to create it.
there have been demands by netaji's family and several others for declassification of secret files as they hope that it will help answer questions regarding his mysterious disappearance in 1945.
the mamata banerjee government in west bengal had recently declassified 64 files which were in its possession.
i told subhas babu's family members - please consider me a part of your family.
they shared their valuable suggestions with me, the prime minister said, while remarking that it was a privilege to welcome them to 7, race course road, his official residence.
we had a remarkable & extensive interaction, modi said.
during the interaction where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh were also present, the family members requested for declassification of the files available with the government of india.
they suggested that the government of india initiate the process to get the files on netaji available with foreign governments to also be declassified, a pmo statement said.
the prime minister said he finds the suggestions of the family members of netaji to be similar to his own thinking and the view of the union government, it said.
he agreed with the suggestion to request foreign governments to declassify files on netaji available with them.
modi said he would not only write to them but also take up the matter during his meetings with foreign leaders, beginning with russia in december, the statement said.
he also shared with the family members some instances of how he had recalled netaji during his term as chief minister of gujarat.
amid growing demands for declassification of the files, the prime minister had disclosed in his monthly 'mann ki baat' radio programme on september 20 that he would be receiving netaji's family members at his residence in october.
he had noted that it would perhaps be the first time that the family members of netaji would be together visiting the prime minister's residence.
new delhi, feb 3, 2015 (ians): 19:05 istthe congress tuesday attacked the bjp for referring to northeast people as immigrants in its vision document, and asked if the party considers people from the region like those from other countries.
the bjp, rushing to make amends, withdrew the word and stressed that the brothers and sisters of the northeast are the pride of delhi.
the congress' campaign chief ajay maken, while releasing the party manifesto here, said: does the bjp consider the northeast people like those from other countries?
does the bjp want to say that the northeast is not part of the country?
maken said that at a time when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was visiting china, which lays claim to arunachal pradesh, was it proper for the bharatiya janata party to come out with a vision document terming the northeast people immigrants.
he said the congress demands that the bjp rectify the error and apologise to the country.
we will not tolerate that the bjp does this (refer to the northeast people as immigrants), he said.
noted journalist and bjp spokesperson m.j. akbar, at a press conference tuesday evening, said the party was withdrawing the word, and that it was mistakenly used.
the brothers and sisters of the northeast are the pride of delhi.
the word was mistakenly used.
we withdraw the word, and we repeat that their (northeast people's) welfare is as important as that of any citizen of delhi and the country, akbar said.
bjp leader and minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju, who is from arunachal pradesh, when cornered by journalists, said the word was a typo and clerical error.
the bjp's vision document for the delhi elections has a statement that says north eastern immigrants to be protected.
many people from the northeast have been attacked in the recent past in delhi.
complaint filed against swaraj, raje, lalit modipatna, july 4, 2015, (pti) 18:42 ista complaint has been filed against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhre raje and former ipl commissioner lalit modi in a district court here.
vinay kumar singh, chief of ngo friends of bihari, filed the complaint in the court of chief judicial magistrate bharat singh yesterday.
but, the complainant did not turn up in the court today in the hearing for admission of the case.
the court would fix a future date to give another chance to the complainant to plead his matter to decide whether it could be admitted in the court or not.
the complaint was lodged under ipc sections 120, 124 and information technology act 2000.
referring to media reports, the complainant alleged that lalit modi through twitter has tried to destabilise the country by dropping names of one leader after another in connection with some wrong practice.
he prayed to the court to direct kadam kuan police station in the capital to register a case against swaraj, raje and lalit modi and probe the matter.
chidambaram asks pm to release letters to uk chancellorchennai, june 18, 2015, dhns: 1:21 istcharging the centre on its silence on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helping former ipl chairman lalit modi, former union finance minister p chidambaram on wednesday asked the prime minister modi to release the letters exchanged between him and u k chancellor of exchequer george osborne.
posing a series of questions to the government on the controversy, chidambaram said why is the government fighting shy of releasing the letters.
.
.
the letters exchanged between mr osborne and me are the best evidence,both the context and the contents will be known if the letters are made public, he added.
stating that sushmaswaraj swarajs action was clearly a case of nepotism, abuse of authority and violation of rules, the former finance minister said at a time when there was a look-out notice, showcause notice and summons to appear before the ed and a cancelledpassport, how could she recommend lalit modis case for travel document.
pointing out that lalit modi was facing charges under foreign exchange management act (fema) and prevention of money laundering act (pmla), he said the charges are very serious.
claiming that the conduct of sushmaswaraj swaraj raises a number of important questions, chidambaram said it involved the credibility and reputation of a minister of the government.
chidambarm also wanted the government to use its authority and power to ensure that lalit modi returned to india and face the cases filed against him by the ed.
referring to charges made by lalit modi against the upa government, chidambaram said these charges were laughable and do not deserve a reply.
he also sought an answer from the government on lalit modis wild charge that his life will be in danger if he returned to india.
is the nda government incapable of protecting an indian citizen who is required by the ed to appear for an enquiry, he asked.
'govt shouted, threatened and ran off', rahul on land billnew delhi, aug 4, 2015 (pti) 16:10 isttaking a swipe at government over its u-turn on land bill, rahul gandhi today said it ran off after threatening and shouting in the face of resistance by congress and vowed that the party will similarly keep up pressure for resignations in lalit modi and vyapam issues.
on the land issue, congress stood in front of them.
they (government) shouted, made too much noise, threatened and later made a u-turn and ran off, the congress vice president said, a day after bjp members in a parliamentary panel moved amendments to restore provisions of the upa's land law.
similarly, on the issue of corruption, vyapam, on the issue of rajasthan chief minister and sushmaswaraj swaraj, we will not minimise the pressure on them even if they throw us out of parliament or do not let us enter parliament, rahul said.
he made the remarks while agitating with party mps in parliament house complex in protest against suspension of its 25 members from lok sabha.
the congress mps faced action after they did now allow the house to function demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan cm vasundhara raje for allegedly helping lalit modi and madhya pradesh chief minisiter shivraj singh chouhan over vyapam scam.
rahul said the congress will 'gherao' the government on these issues in the entire country.
reacting to the remarks, rural development minister birender singh said, those who stand at 44 will speak only this language.
congress was reduced to its least tally of 44 seats in lok sabha in the last general elections.
the barbs from both sides came as the government expressed readiness to accept recommendations of the panel on land, which restored provisions of the upa law, insisting that it was not a climbdown as it was always open to changes on which there is consensus.
all 11 bjp members moved amendments in joint committee of parliament seeking to bring back key provisions of upa's land law including on consent clause and social impact assessment by dropping the changes brought by modi government in december last year and subsequently revalidated by ordinance thrice.
meanwhile, the suspension of 25 congress mps is expected to affect the proceedings of the the parliamentary panel on land bill.
congress sources said that four of the five mps in the committee would go for the meeting later today but come out soon after telling the panel that they are boycotting following suspension of their colleague rajiv satav.
satav is among the 25 congress members suspended by speaker sumitra mahajan yesterday for five days.
the action of the speaker also prohibits a member to attend any meeting of parliamentary committee, party leaders said.
the mea (ministry of external affairs) was only an elite ministry and it had nothing to do with the common people.
she was countering the allegation by the opposition congress that the office of the external affairs minister had been left with just an account on twitter during the past four years of the bjp-led government's rule as foreign relations had been controlled mostly by prime minister's office (pmo).
i am in politics for the past 41 years and contested 11 elections.
whoever is elected to the lok sabha knows the plight of the people.
helping people in distress and redressing their grievances have been the first priority as the external affairs minister, she said addressing a news conference on completion of four years in office by the modi government.
how am i responding to your questions if i have no role to play in managing our foreign relations, she wondered.
she was dismissing the suggestion by the congress that it was the pmo that ran the external engagements of the country in the past four years.
sushma has been extensively using twitter to help people who have landed in trouble while travelling abroad.
several citizens of pakistan, too, contacted her on social media platforms requesting for visas to seek medical treatment for themselves or for their ailing family members.
she has also been using twitter to instruct the mea officials, posted at headquarters in new delhi or in diplomatic and consular missions around the world, to help people who sought her help.
she was, however, criticised by the opposition for not doing as much as an external affairs minister should do in steering the external engagements of new delhi.
only the insensitive people can make fun of it (her use of social media to help people).
she also dismissed the congress' allegation that bjp-led government's approach on dealing with pakistan had been replete with flip-flops.
she said that it was the success of the modi government's foreign engagements that the international community had isolated pakistan and mounted pressure on the pakistani government to deny safe havens and sanctuaries to terrorists in territories under its control.
cong doing 'cheap politics' by releasing of pix of pm-lalit modi: bjpnew delhi, jun 15, 2015 (pti) 20:57 istbjp today hit back at congress for releasing pictures of narendra modi with lalit modi and alleged that it showed political bankruptcy and cheap politics of the opposition party in a bid to embroil the pm in the row involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
defending swaraj, bjp instead accused congress of attempting to make a mountain out of a molehill and raking up non-issues and instead questioned rahul gandhi as to where he had gone on a sabbatical and on whose visa.
swaraj has been accused of helping former lalit modi, ipl boss, get travel documents to go out of the uk and sought an fir registered against her.
bjp said if congress wants to indulge in such a slugfest, it can also produce hundreds of photos of sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi allegedly with the accused in various scams like the coal, 2g spectrum, commonwealth games and aircel-maxis deal.
stadium of an ipl cricket match of 2010 in ahmedabad and to show the photo in 2015 is the bankrupcy of ideas of congress.
.
.
.
congress is doing cheap politics, union minister and senior bjp leader prakash javadekar told the media here.
countering congress for its charges, he said efforts are on to 'make a mountian out of a molehill'.
we also want to ask: let congress answer where their leader had gone on the vacation and on what visa.
congress should also answer on which visa their leader had gone on leave and where.
the minister said the photo showing the prime minister and bjp chief amit shah with lalit modi is at a public match when he was heading the gujarat cricket association and there was no case against the ipl chairman at the time.
it was a public cricket match and there was no accusation against lalit modi at that time, javadekar said, adding if this is the case and logic on which congress wants to build, then there are hundreds of pictures of jyotiradiya scindia with ipl chairman that time as well as with rajiv shukla.
on congress' charge that lalit modi was a fugitive, he questioned who was ruling when he became a fugitive and said it was during upa rule that he turned into one.
it was during your government's time when he left the country.
in your government's time, (warren) anderson (former ceo of erstwhile union carbide in bhopal gas tragedy of 1984) also left the country.
this is congress' record.
this shows complete bankruptcy of ideas and politics of congress.
they have no issue.
they want to highlight non-issue and convert it into a issue, he said.
oppn seeks pm's statement on release of j-k separatist leadernew delhi, mar 9, 2015, (pti) 13:16 istopposition led by congress today created uproar in rajya sabha over the release of separatist leader masarat alam by the pdp-bjp government in jammu and kashmir demanding a clarification from prime minister narendra modi on the issue.
congress, tmc, jd-u and bsp raised the issue when the house met for the day, calling it a serious issue with implications on national security and demanded suspension of business to take up the issue.
finance minister arun jaitley said as far as our government is concerned, there will be no compromise on national security and home ministry has sought a report on the issue from the state government.
some preliminary facts have come and home minister will make a statement on issue, he said.
deputy chairman p j kurien disallowed the motion but congress members continued to press for a statement from prime minister and stormed into the well of the house, forcing adjournment of proceedings for 15 minutes.
raising the issue anand sharma (cong) alleged that the jammu and kashmir government was encouraging separatists and anti-national activities.
.
.
.
we cannot accept this.
.
.
this country is not ready to accept this.
mayawati (bsp) said after the controversial statement by chief minister mufti mohammed sayeed crediting pakistan and separatists for the conduct of free and fair elections in the state, the release of separatist leader is not in national interest.
in one way it is anti-national.
bjp, she said, should not compromise national interest for the lust of power and went on to remind how she had in august 2003 resigned as chief minister of uttar pradesh within a year of forming a government with bjp support, as her party bsp did not want its principles to be compromised.
sharad yadav (jd-u) said it was bjp's responsibility to clarify on the issue as it had been having parleys with pdp for two months before forming the government in j and k.direck o'brien (tmc) said the security of the country has been compromised because of selfish convenience of politics has won over conviction.
.
.
.
prime minister needs to come and explain, he said.
mir mohammad fayaz (pdp) criticised congress for raising the issue now when it did not utter a word when the pdp- congress coalition in 2002 released hurriyat leaders geelani, shabir shah and yaseen malik.
fayaz alleged that leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad of congress had compromised on principles to get elected to rajya sabha even as five congress mlas had voiced similar views as pdp on the hanging of afzal guru.
azad rebutted the charge saying 3-4 mlas had in response to a statement by chief spokesperson of pdp, who is now a minister, stated that on humanitarian grounds the family should have been allowed to meet afzal guru and his body should be handed over to them.
they made no mention of the hanging.
.
.
there was no condemnation of the hanging, he said, adding the statement by the legislators was in their personal capacity and not authorised by the party.
as kurien disallowed the motion, congress members rushed into the well of the house raising slogans like aatankwadi ko chhodnewalon, sharam karo, sharam karo (shame on people releasing terrorist).
continued vociferous protests by congress members deterred external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to make a statement on tamil fishermen issue raised by jd-u's k c tyagi.
kurien tried to restore order in the house saying it was unfair on part of congress to not allow others to raise their issues.
as congress members kept shouting slogans in the well demanding statements from the prime minister and home minister rajnath singh, an apparently exasperated deputy chairman p j kurien criticised them for not allowing others to raise issues.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi tried to persuade the opposition members by assuring them that home minister will clear their doubts on the issue.
when the home minister gives a reply, the facts will come out.
you will then realize what have you done.
this is high-handedness, indiscipline.
let the whole country see your behaviour.
.
.
i had already said that after this issue the subject of tamil fishermen will be taken up.
can the main opposition party obstruct the issues of other opposition parties?
you are doing wrong.
why do you oppose tyagi?
why do you oppose the fishermen issue?
this is high-handedness of one party.
.
.
this is very bad, he said.
i never expected this behaviour.
you may do whatever you want, he said refusing to adjourn.
however, with the noisy protests continuing, he adjourned the house till noon.
cong rejects sushma's 'tear jerker' defencenew delhi, aug 07, 2015, dhns: 1:22 istthe congress on thursday rejected as a tear jerker external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs defence over allegations of helping former ipl chairman lalit modi get travel documents in britain.
sushma swaraj cannot hide behind an emotional shield.
her statement is hogwash.
it exposes her, senior aicc spokesperson anand sharma told reporters here.
on swarajs claim as to what sonia gandhi would have done has she been in her position, sharma said the congress president would never help anyone who is under scanner.
the congress punched holes in the ministers defence contending that she intervened to facilitate travel documents for lalit modi only after the british government had denied the same to the former ipl chairman.
sharma also rejected swarajs claims that lalit modis wife was faced with a life threatening situation.
soon after getting the british travel document, lalit modi went on a virtual global tour, he said.
the congress made a power point presentation at its press conference showing pictures of lalit modi enjoying himself in tourist havens and partying with friends.
congress lok sabha member ranjeet ranjan said sushmaswaraj should have helped poor women, instead of the wife of a millionaire.
the congress also targeted prime minister narendra modi, saying he cannot brazen it out by remaining silent.
accountability cannot have dual standards.
there cannot be a different rule books for the modi government and his ministers.
we in the opposition are duty bound to enforce accountability, sharma said.
both houses of parliament have been virtually crippled since the monsoon session began on july 21, with the opposition demanding the resignation of sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as the rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
spirit of give & take can ensure passage of key bills like gst: congnew delhi, nov 24, 2015, (pti): 21:02 istahead of the winter session of parliament, opposition congress today signalled closing of ranks and told the government that only a spirit of give and take would ensure passage of key bills like the gst.
give and take is the essence of parliamentary democracy.
it is not a one way traffic in which the opposition supports all the measures irrespective of their deficiencies and government fails to amend them, congress leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge told pti.
we are ready to cooperate, but if they want our cooperation, they will also have to reach out, was the refrain of the veteran congress leader.
he said this in reply to the heavy legislative agenda the government has planned for the month-long session, including the key reform measure gst, which commences on november 26 and concludes on december 23.
noting that the party would also reach out to other opposition parties for greater floor coordination, he recalled that the opposition unity in the last session had resulted in the government not proceeding ahead with the controversial land acquisition bill.
the opposition wanted to take up a host of issues including growing intolerance, inflation, drought, floods and atrocities on dalits and minorities, he said, adding that the opposition expected that the government takes it into confidence to run parliament smoothly.
prime minister's foreign tours and the investments generated from them is also one of the key issues the congress would like to take up, kharge said.
we also expect full cooperation from the speaker for smooth running of the house, kharge said in the wake of reports that sumitra mahajan has written to members to ensure acceptable decorum in the house in the session.
last session of parliament had seen a virtual washout of the proceedings in the wake of the congress demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje in the lalit modi controversy and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan in the vyapam scam.
the session had also witnessed suspension of 25 of the 44 congress mps by the speaker.
this is the first session of parliament after nda's debacle in bihar elections.
new delhi, mar 7, 2016 (pti): 18:43 istseeking to take the sting out of prime minister narendra modi's attack, congress has said theatrics in parliament might be good entertainment for his supporters, but reminded him it is his job to deliver.
in a scathing commentary where the congress asks 'how much does he hear?
when will he hear?
', an apparent retort to finance minister arun jaitley's facebook post 'how much does he know - when will he know' targeting rahul gandhi, the opposition party alleged that modi ignored the voices of farmers, dalits, students and even his own ministers.
it is time to get real.
theatrics in parliament may be good entertainment for his supporters.
but pulses are still selling at more than double the price when he took office.
it is his job to deliver, and ours to ask questions, the aicc said.
the party said as one evolves from chief minister to prime minister, people certainly expect a certain level of maturity, a certain degree of willingness to listen and outgrow the love of one's own voice.
but after two years of unease, unrest and numerous confrontations, people have begun to wonder - how much does he hear?
- when will he hear?
in the commentary posted on its website, congress said that in may 2014, india witnessed a phenomenon - a man castigated by the global community for his politics of hatred, was elected to lead the world's largest democracy.
it noted that there was tremendous hope attached with that victory - hope of a billion plus nation and its young impressionable minds who were enraptured by the billion dreams the man held out to them.
the party, however, lamented, he didn't hear the impassioned pleas of students who were fighting rss imposed mediocrity in ftii.
he didn't hear the wails of the family of mohammed akhlaq, who was dragged out of his home and lynched by a mob on the suspicion that he had stored beef.
it also accused modi of not hearing the agonizing pleas of dalit scholar rohith vemula who was forced to end his life because he had opposed the abvp.
he responded to rohith's pleas five days after his tragic death, when dalit students embarrassed the pm by raising slogans during his speech, it claimed.
besides, the party alleged that the prime minister didn't hear kanhaiya's speech at jnu, but his government chose to listen to the doctored videos that were circulated by members/supporters of bjp.
targeting the prime minister on his lahore stopover, it claimed modi doesn't even listen to own ministers.
he himself decides when to stop talking to pakistan and when to restart diplomacy by diverting plane.
his ministers have to later scramble to find new words like 'spontaneous diplomacy' to describe his ill-advised moves hatched mid-air in his mind.
the result - attack on our air installation in pathankot and death of seven brave soldiers.
posing the question whether the prime minister listened to india's farmers and the ailing agriculture sector, it replied if he did, they wouldn't be committing suicide.
does he listen to pleas for action against corrupt ministers - if he did, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, gujarat cm anandiben patel, rajasthan cm smt.
vasundhara raje, chhattisgarh cm raman singh, madhya pradesh cm shivraj chouhan and finance minister arun jaitley would have all been sacked by now, it added.
yeddy responsible for instability of govt: kumaraswamylast updated: 29 may, 2011gulbarga, may 29, (pti): 18:57 istjds in karnataka on sunday said chief minister b s yeddyurappa himself was responsible for the ''instability'' of the bjp government and not the opposition.
chief minister himself is responsible for the instability of his government and not the opposition parties, jds state unit president h d kumaraswamy said while participating in a function here.
the instability, he claimed, was caused as yeddyurappa did not take into confidence his own party legislators and ministers, resulting in his own mlas rebelling against him.
sarcastically congratulating the bjp government which completes three years in office tomorrow, he flayed the government for allegedly not undertaking any developmental works during this period.
chief minister b s yeddyurappa, who has been harping about development, has not been able to take up any developmental works so far, kumaraswamy said.
on jds carrying out a sustained campaign against the chief minister, he shot back, should we keep mum when the chief minister is looting the state wealth as per his whims and fancies.
on bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj's recent remark that she had no role in the political making of reddy brothers, kumaraswamy said, she is trying to escape from the forthcoming problems by doing so.
.
realisation has dawned on her late.
the jds legislature party will hold its meeting here tomorrow to discuss its action plan in the coming legislature session, he added.
india pledges $1 bn to nepal, more than double committed by chinanew delhi, june 26, 2015, dhns: 1:42 istindia on thursday pledged $1 billion for reconstruction of quake-ravaged nepal, thus committing more than double the amount promised by china.
chinese foreign minister wang yi, who also attended the conference, pledged $ 483 million for rebuilding the nation that was devastated by the april 25 earthquake.
china also made a commitment to provide another $277 million as grant to nepal from an earlier commitment.
this pledge is over and above our existing bilateral developmental assistance of another one billion us dollars over the next five years, 40  of which would be grant.
this takes our total assistance to nepal over the next five years to $2 billion, she said.
new delhis pledge of $1 billion was the largest commitment made by international community in kathmandu on thursday.
new delhi:feb 21, 2016, dhns: 1:12 istthe central bjp leaders on saturday stepped in to douse the jat reservation crisis, with home minister rajnath singh assigned the task of engaging community leaders to come up with a workable formula to end the standoff.
singh, who held meeting with senior ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley at his residence during the day, will hear out demands of jat leaders and khap chaudharys (jat sub-caste leaders) from western uttar pradesh (up) later in the evening.
search of solutionsubsequently, community leaders from haryana and other states will join the consultation process to examine a possible solution which became complex after the supreme court quashed a decision to include them in the obc list and the high court of punjab and haryana turned down the states move to bring them under the economically weaker section (ews) quota.
all india jat aarakshan sangarsh samiti national president yashpal malik insisted that for the community to withdraw agitation, the state government should bring an ordinance giving them reservation.
with khattar government unable to handle the lingering political turmoil, bjp chief amit shah held meetings with party jat leaders  union ministers chaudhary birender singh and sanjeev baliyan and state minister o p dhankar  and haryana in-charge anil jain and decided that the central leadership will negotiate with agitating jat leaders.
singh, baliyan and dhankad have been asked to assure the community that both the centre and the state were keen to work out an affirmative plan for the land owning community in haryana.
in nine statessuch as delhi, up, rajasthan and bihar jats are covered under the obc list but for in haryana.
to quell rumours that the ruling party might have instigated protest, anti-jat mp from kurukshetra, rajkumar saini, will be issued a show-cause notice for his utterances, which triggered an outrage among jat leaders, said bjp general secretary ani jain, while clarifying that the bjp is not against any community.
kathmandu, june 25, 2015, (ians) 10:58 istindia on thursday announced an aid of $1 billion for rebuilding nepal, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced at an international donors meet here.
the aid will be used in the reconstruction of physical infrastructure as well as some key heritage sites.
today i convey to you the deep and abiding commitment of the government of india and 1.
25 billion people of india to stand shoulder to shoulder with you.
referring to the operation india undertook to help nepal soon after it was hit by a massive 7.
from the debris of destruction a stronger united and more confident nepal will rise, she said.
swaraj hailed nepal's efforts in making a major bid to rebuild the nation and said raising $6.
7 billion was a challenging task.
as the oldest and closest friend, india is ready to stand with nepal, she said.
congress ramps up attack on govt, sushmanew delhi, june 17, 2015, dhns 23:21 istthe congress on tuesday punched holes in external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs claims that she helped indian premier league (ipl) ex-chief lalit modi on humanitarian grounds for cancer treatment of his wife.
the congress claimed lalit modis wife did not undergo any invasive surgery at a medical facility in portugal.
it said she was treated for non-invasive radiation at the hospital, and the couple was holidaying in the mediterranean resort town of ibiza soon after.
lalit modi along with wife and another family member were holidaying at a place called ibiza, a resort town, from august 8, 2014, senior aicc spokesperson anand sharma told reporters here.
sharma also demanded a supreme court-monitored probe into what he dubbed the modigate scandal.
however, he replied in the negative when asked whether the congress would write to the chief justice of india on formation of a special investigation team (sit) to probe the case.
the congress said since the senior leadership in the government was in cahoots with the ipl ex-boss, an independent inquiry was required.
congress leaders, meanwhile, admitted that they did not expect prime minister narendra modi to sack swaraj.
however, this would give them an opportunity to keep targeting modi and the nda government at a time when it is going all out to promote international yoga day on sunday.
sharma said a thorough investigation in the affair was required as the issue was not restricted to just to travel documents.
lalit modi is personally known to the highest in the bjp, he said, adding that the prime minister was also associated with the gujarat cricket association when he was chief minister.
targeting narendra modi for maintaining silence on the issue, sharma said he needed to speak up, as what has happened is scandalous.
he faulted home minister rajnath singh for hailing swarajs humanitarian act of helping lalit modi get travel documents from the british government.
how can the home minister say what sushmaji has done is a good thing?
the home minister's job is to bring back to the country fugitives and wanted persons from abroad.
what sort of patriotism is this?
he said.
worried, bjp plans to rally its baselast updated: 12 february, 2011bangalore, feb 12, dhns: 21:20 istworried over the implications of legal battles being faced by chief minister b s yeddyurappa and minister janardhana reddy, the ruling bjp has decided to organise a mega convention on february 20 at the palace grounds in bangalore to boost the morale of the party workers.
besides replenishing the confidence of the workers, the bjp wants to send out a strong message to its leaders at all levels that the party and its government are here to stay, and there is no need to lose heart because of charges faced by some top leaders, including yeddyurappa.
the convention will drive home the point that the party is above individuals, irrespective of their positions.
the party workers are worried about the future, especially after governor h r bhardwaj granted permission to prosecute the chief minister.
briefing reporters on the convention, partys state president k s eshwarappa said three workers from each of the 43,000 polling booth limits across the state will take part in the event, to be inaugurated by party national president nitin gadkari.
the aim is to strengthen the party base and disseminate information about the achievements of the government.
he was speaking after attending a meeting of all ministers and top leaders of the party convened by the chief minister.
yeddyurappa called the meeting following directions from the party national leaders that he should take everybody into confidence while taking major decisions.
no leadership changeeshwarappa dismissed as mere speculation triggered by the congress and the jd(s) that the state is heading for mid-term polls and said: there is no change of guard.
we will work unitedly under the leadership of yeddyurappa in the coming two years.
the opposition parties are only trying to create confusion in the minds of people about mid-term election.
yeddyurappa said no significance should be attached to his two-day trip to delhi and termed it routine.
the bjp is a national party.
as the chief minister, i have to brief my high command on the political situation in the state and also seek its guidance, he added.
he had called on senior leaders like l k advani, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj in the last two days in delhi.
sources said the leaders also discussed about selection of the party candidate for the election to the rajya sabha seat, which fell vacant following the recent death of m rajashekaramurthy.
though no decision was taken at the meeting, there seems to be opposition for fielding dhananjaya kumar.
india sends 4 aircraft with relief supplies, team to nepalnew delhi, apr 25, 2015, (pti) : 18:54 istas many as four aircraft including a c-130 plane carrying three tonnes of relief supplies and a 40-member rescue team were today pressed into service to assist nepal after it suffered a devastating earthquake in which hundreds of people have been killed.
the external affairs ministry has also set up a 24-hour control room to help its nationals with information and any other assistance.
while two c17 globemasters took off from hindon airbase, one aircraft was being sent from bhatinda, foreign secretary s jaishankar told reporters.
the 40-member national disaster response force with their equipment will not only provide relief and rescue services to indians there but also nepalese people, he said.
the teams will also assess the damage, he said, adding that tomorrow also india will fly special engineering teams to help the people of nepal.
acting on nepal's request, the government will be sending medical teams and mobile hospitals, the foreign secretary added.
the relief supplies include tents and blankets as asked by the nepalese government, he said, noting that in the meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi, the message was very strong that we should do whatever possible to help nepal.
asked about indians stuck there, jaishankar said the government has received information from several states regarding tourist groups and it was being processed to get the exact number.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that indians in nepal may please contact our mission in kathmandu.
our mission will provide you all help.
hundreds of people were killed in today's 7.
9 earthquake with epicentre at lamjung, around 80 kilometres northwest of kathmandu.
it also had its impact in several indian states including bihar, west bengal and up and tremors were felt across vast stretches of eastern and northeastern region.
it was also felt in china, bhutan and as far as pakistan and bangladesh.
april 4, 2015,bengaluru, dhns: 2:51 ista sea of people turned up at the national college grounds in basavangudi to hear prime minister narendra modis address.
with saffron flags fluttering all over the grounds, thousands braved the humid evening weather to hear modis words.
the bjp had organised the public rally with little or no glitches.
the dais had a galaxy of leaders from as many as six states.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis; his rajasthan counterpart vasudara raje, gujarat chief minister anandiben patel; shivaraj singh chauhan and lakshmikanth parsekar - chief ministers of madhya pradesh and goa respectively, chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh and dr nirmal singh, the deputy chief minister of jammu and kashmir were present on the dais.
apart from them, bjp patriarch l k advani, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, bjp national president amit shah and others were also seen on the stage.
however, only shah delivered a short speech which was followed by modis.
shah was compelled to cut short his speech as the crowd cheered loud demanding to hear modi.
i can see that modiji has arrived.
i shall not take any time of yours, and shall not stand in the way of you (crowd) and him, shah said before concluding his speech.
earlier, the state bjp leaders used the platform to attack siddaramaiah government for its non-performance.
terming siddaramaiahs sleeping disorder as niddhe bhagya, union minister for chemicals and fertilisers ananth kumar said that the countdown for the siddaramaiah regime had begun.
he said the congress had shown a lacklustre performance in the state and that it was the beginning of its end.
leaders jagadish shettar and k s eshwarappa also took the opportunity to recall the mysterious death of ias officer d k ravi and the failure of the congress regime.
immediately previous mlas and mps were invited for the dinner at the partys national executive meeting at hotel lalit ashok.
they were greeted by party national president amit shah.
former legislators c m udasi, m p kumaraswamy, murgesh nirani, m p renukacharaya, c c patil, yogish bhat, sogadu shivanna, former mp g s basavaraj among others attended the dinner.
doklam is fast inching towards becoming a major triangular territorial issue between india, bhutan and china which could precipitate and amplify the larger sino-indian divergences in the long-term future.
while on the face of it, the statement appears quite definitive, it would have been advantageous for india to have defined its official and stated version of status quo in explicit terms at this stage and perhaps at every successive stage as well.
the external affairs ministrys repetitive reiteration of no change in status quo at the 2017 military face-off site does not appear to be in sync with the current and developing tactical ground reality of chinese presence in doklam.
by the summer of 2018, china had permanently occupied the north doklam plateau.
in addition, satellite imagery clearly displays that a new alignment road (serving more as a bypass) will now open up south doklam to chinese troops.
significantly, the road lies about 4.
5 km away from the present indian military posts.
chinas pitch to build an iron wall to enhance frontier border defence is resonating piercingly in the doklam plateau region.
satellite imagery indicates chinese control in north doklam with posts, trenches, armoured vehicles, heavy road-building machinery, and permanent troop deployment.
more importantly, more than half a dozen helipads, one full mechanised regiment (with the probability of another) and a tall observation tower have been built by the peoples liberation army (pla) construction corps.
besides, the chinese defence ministry says that the defence engineering research institute under the academy of military science of the pla has fabricated a new type of fortification and distributed the same to its frontier defence troops.
this fortification can be divided into 13 sets in four major categories, namely observation and shooting, command centre, personnel and equipment sheltering, and are composed of electromagnetic shielding systems.
the new fortification units are light, small in size, capable of mobile transportation and flexible construction, rendering them well-suited for remote, high altitude, mountainous areas where they can be assembled or disassembled with pre-fabricated parts multiple times.
the chinese defence ministry says that with the new fortifications, troops can swiftly build battlefield engineering support structures.
resultantly, a pla platoon can now effectively build an advance command post for a division or a brigade in a matter of hours using these fabricated fortifications.
not surprisingly, this advancement has effectively boosted the plas engineering support capability in wartime, and frontier management and control ability in peacetime, all along chinas border.
these fervent military developments and build-up by china around doklam were acknowledged by no less than defence minister nirmala sitharaman when she stated in reply to a question in the rajya sabha in march 2018 that post disengagement from the face-off in 2017, troops from both sides have redeployed themselves away from their respective positions at the face-off site and, in order to maintain troops during the winter, the pla has undertaken construction of some infrastructure, including sentry posts, trenches, and helipads.
doklam is not the first instance of chinas attempts at altering the status quo in the context of a territorial issue, and most certainly will not be the last.
in april 2012, during its stand-off with the philippines over the scarborough shoal, china displayed aggression by claiming that chinese vessels were operating in the traditional fishing grounds of the chinese around the islands.
following a short stand-off, the philippine frigate sent to patrol the area was withdrawn, leaving chinese naval law enforcement ships in complete and effective control of what beijing calls huang yan island.
in the same vein and oft-repeated and expected pattern  of providing a chinese name to doklam  beijing states, donglang always belonged to china and (was) always under chinas effective jurisdiction.
there is no dispute in this regardchina is exercising sovereignty in its own territory.
deng xiaoping said in 1988 that even by the middle of the 21st century, china would be a middle-level power only.
exactly three decades later, the political and strategic realities and objectives of china are far ahead of what deng imagined.
and therefore, while offering anymore unilateral diplomatic overtures to a rising, revisionist, expansionist and combative china, india should bear in its strategic mind that beijing is infamous for asserting dubious claims and thereafter engaging in intimidation and revisionism from a vantage point of military pre-eminence and superiority.
india trying to secure justice for jadhav: akbarmalda (wb), apr 14, 2017, press trust of india 15:07 istunion minister of state for external affairs mj akbar.
dh file photounion minister of state for external affairs mj akbar today said india was trying to secure justice for kulbhushan jadhav, who has been sentenced to death by a pakistani military court.
injustice has been meted out to him (jadhav).
a kangaroo court has slapped this charge.
in spite of all these, we are trying to secure justice for him.
we are eager for his return, he told a press conference here.
akbar said the government's stand on the issue was clarified by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh .
a military court has awarded death sentence to 46-year- old jadhav on charges of espionage and sabotage.
singh had stated yesterday that india will go to any extent to ensure justice for jadhav.
external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay had said yesterday, india has no knowledge of kulbhushan jadhav's location and condition.
we are making all efforts to get him back but we can't reveal the steps that will be taken in this regard.
on the kashmir issue, akbar said, anti-democratic forces are instigating from behind.
we want a free and fair atmosphere in kashmir.
regarding the controversy on beef in uttar pradesh, the union minister said, uttar pradesh's health minister siddharth nath singh has given a clarification.
stating that west bengal was facing a deep crisis, akbar said lack of jobs, rising corruption and a stagnant economy were the main problems of the state.
hope trump will rethink decision on paris deal: rajnathpress trust of india, new delhi, jun 6 2017, 11:54 istit has to be seen, the home minister added, in what circumstances the us president made the statement on the paris accord.
home minister rajnath singh today said that us president donald trump's statement withdrawing from the paris climate agreement had come as a shock for india but he was sure america would rethink its decision.
inaugurating a two-day national level conference on 'capacity building of state disaster response force-2017', singh said it was cause of concern for india and the world community if a country thinks only about its own interests.
the us president's statement on paris agreement has come as a shock for us and the international community.
i am sure the us will rethink its decision, he said.
it has to be seen, the home minister added, in what circumstances the us president made the statement on the paris accord.
announcing the us withdrawal from the paris deal on june 1, trump claimed that india had made its participation in the agreement contingent on receiving billions and billions and billions dollars in foreign aid.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rejected trump's comment yesterday and said india signed the paris climate pact not because of pressure from any country or due to the lure of money.
our signature in the pact was not because of greed, it was not because of fear.
we signed it due to our commitment to protecting the environment.
.
.
new delhi, aug 9, 2015 (ians) 17:00 istthe robert vadra land deal cases will be brought to their logical conclusion and justice done in each case without any fear or pressure from any quarter, promises bjp's chief whip in lok sabha arjun ram meghwal, who has been persistently pursuing the allegedly illegal land deals of congress president sonia gandhi's son-in-law for the past three years.
meghwal, the only lok sabha mp to cycle to parliament, also said that the bjp would do everything to bring out the truth behind former ipl chief lalit modi's links with congress leaders.
meghwal has been leading the party's fight against robert vadra's land deals and is confident that vadra will be nailed in what has come to be known as the bikaner land deal case.
enquiries are already going on against vadra's land deals in bikaner, haryana and delhi.
there is a land ceiling act in rajasthan and, when an ordinary person violates it, he faces action from law authorities.
vadra and his companies have openly violated the act.
we will take this issue to its logical end.
i am confident that in the bikaner land deal, vadra will definitely be caught, meghwal told ians in an interview.
initially a weaver, meghwal, 62, went on to become an ias officer and then a member of parliament from bikaner.
on the lalit modi case, meghwal said: bjp will take the lalit modi issue further.
we will bring the facts into the public domain about how many congress leaders have relations with modi, meghwal said.
he also said that the previous upa government's decision to launch enforcement directorate action against lalit modi was done with bad intention and the modi government would prove this point at a proper time.
p.
chidambaram's (former finance minister) letters to the uk chancellor of the exchequer on lalit modi was written with bad intentions, he said.
we will take this issue to its logical end, he added.
modi is embroiled in a row over alleged financial irregularities when he was the indian premier league commissioner.
the enforcement directorate has built up a case against him.
the government had also cancelled his passport.
he is living in uk since 2010.
on the ongoing logjam in parliament, meghwal accused the congress party of playing petty politics, saying they are trying to regain their lost ground by raising an issue which is a non-issue.
congress' behaviour in this session was totally different.
to regain their lost ground they are using the platform of parliament and shying away from debate, he said.
defending external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over her links with lalit modi, meghwal said, sushmaji helped an indian woman who has been suffering from cancer.
what she did was with good intentions.
he also defended rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vaundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan.
he said raje has done nothing illegal or immoral whereas chouhan himself is a whistle blower in vyapam scam.
the congress, supported by some other opposition parties, has been demanding the resignations of sushmaswaraj swaraj and vasundhara raje over their association with lalit modi, while shivraj singh chouhan is embroiled in the vyapam recruitment scam controversy.
vasundhara may come face to face with shah, rajnath tomorrownew delhi, jun 18, 2015 (pti) 19:53 istrajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, who is embroiled in 'lalit modigate' row, is expected to come face to face with bjp chief amit shah and home minister rajnath singh tomorrow at a function in anandpur sahib, punjab.
sources close to raje said that she will be visiting anandpur sahib and will participate in the celebrations of 350 years of anandpur sahib, one of the key shrines of sikhs.
as per the programme, she is slated to go to punjab tomorrow, said a state official.
sources in punjab said that raje will fly to anandpur sahib from jaipur tomorrow morning, where she will share the dais with shah, rajnath and punjab chief minister parkash singh badal during the celebrations.
the meeting assumes significance as an embattled raje had yesterday called shah to explain her position in the row involving former ipl boss lalit modi who claimed she had supported his immigration plea in britain.
raje has discussed with shah claims made by modi and was understood to have told the party chief that she did share family ties with the former ipl boss but there is no wrongdoing on her part.
party sources said raje has sought to explain her ties between the two families and her friendship with modi's wife but the documents being circulated in the media are unverified and unsigned.
her office today denied reports that she had sought an appointment with shah or that she was refused a meeting, amid reports that the party leadership had distanced itself from her in the wake of allegations against her in the row.
in a statement in jaipur, press advisor of chief minister's office said that a few news channels showed that raje desired an appointment with shah but was refused a meeting, which was untrue.
it also refuted reports that 30 bjp mlas went to delhi in support of raje.
party sources said raje has been in close touch with bjp ever since documents came up suggesting that raje had helped scam-tainted modi's imigration in the uk by giving a written statement.
she has however, maintained that she has no knowledge of the documents being shown by the media.
raje had distanced herself from the document purportedly showing her backing former ipl chief's immigration plea in britain.
congress has been demanding her imediate resignation along with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying they have no right to continue in office after helping the former ipc chairman facing money laundering and other charges.
amit shah re-elected bjp chiefnew delhi, jan 24, 2016, dhns: 1:28 istprime minister narendra modis confidante amit shah was on sunday unanimously elected as bjp president, giving him second term in office.
though 17 nominations from 20 states and the parliamentary board proposing shahs name for the presidents post, veteran leaders l k advani, m m joshi, shanta kumar and yashwant sinha skipped the ceremony at the ashok road headquarters.
on sunday afternoon, partys election officer avinash rai khanna announced that shah has been unanimously elected president.
the crowd broke into celebrations, bursting crackers, beating drums and blowing conch shells.
there was a thunderous applause from senior union ministers, eight bjp-ruled state chief ministers and other leaders present.
with prime minister narenda modi busy in french presidents visit to chandigarh, rajnath singh was the first to garland shah followed by other senior leaders nitin gadkari and m venkaiah naidu.
two senior ministers arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj could not make it due to their prior engagements.
modi took to twitter to congratulate shah.
i'm confident party will scale newer heights under his leadership, he posted on the social media.
expressing confidence that the party will perform tremendously under his leadership, rajnath singh said, only one nomination and that was of amit shah.
i believe the reason behind it was the unanimous decision of the party members.
i congratulate him and i have full faith that the party will perform tremendously under his leadership.
shah is expected to have his own new team by next month, dropping some of the outgoing party office bearers while including new faces from state units and among union ministers.
a reshuffle in the government is also expected and the prime minister too is likely to drop some ministers who are non-performing and are from states disproportionately represented.
he is also expected to induct new talent from the party which would to appreciate their commitment and performance.
shah was appointed chief for the first time in august 2014 to complete rajnath singhs remaining term after the latter had joined the modi government as union minister.
cong member bangs placard on speaker's table in lsnew delhi, july 27, 2015 (pti): 16:50 istan agitating congress member in lok sabha today banged his placard on the table of the speaker, prompting the angry sumitra mahajan to abruptly adjourned the house for an hour.
adhir ranjan chowdhury banged his placard when discussion was underway on the delhi high court (amendment) bill, 2015, amid continuing slogan-shouting by congress members demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
after law minister d v sadananda gowda moved the bill for consideration, bjp member meenakshi lekhi spoke on it even when congress members were in the well shouting slogans against the government.
amid the continued sloganeering by opposition members against the government, chowdhury stood up on a stand near the speaker's table and banged his placard on it.
he was saying something but could not be heard in the noise.
angry at this, mahajan adjourned the house for an hour at around 3 pm.
even after the adjournment, some bjp members were seen protesting against the conduct of chowdhury.
more than 30 members, including from the congress, the left and trs, were shouting on the well and many were holding placards.
congress vice president rahul gandhi was seen walking and then standing on the aisle.
he was also seen chatting with congress chief sonia gandhi while the party's members were protesting on the well.
the agitating members were heard shouting 'we want justice', among other slogans, and also thumping their placards.
new delhi, nov 6, 2012, dhns: 1:33 istbjp core group supports beleaguered party chiefafter a day-long drama, the bjp on tuesday night formally came out in support of their president nitin gadkari, accused of resorting to corrupt business practices, reportedly after the rss forced the party to back him.
after the two-hour meeting of the core group, bjp spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said, the party has full faith in his leadership.
prasad was merely reading out the statement by leaders of opposition in both houses of parliament, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitely.
party patriarch l k advani, who was not present at the meeting, is believed to have expressed his caveat on carefully wording the party statement supporting gadkari, indicating that it should not be too sweeping to sanction a second term for him.
gadkaris present term ends on december 19 and the party has already made amendments in their constitution to facilitate his extension in office.
a gag order has also been issued to leaders, asking them not to issue statements in public about the gadkari controversy.
sangh ideologue s gurumurthy played a pivotal role in the save-gadkari campaign.
on the directions of the rss, it is learnt that gurumurthy went through the documents related to gadkaris companies and concluded that charges are not serious enough warranting his resignation.
he met jaitely, sushmaswaraj and some senior disgruntled party leaders to assert that gadkari was not guilty as was being projected in the media.
advani was also shown the presentation and so were the attendees at the core group meeting.
crisis had deepened in the party after top lawyer mahesh jethmalani resigned from the bjp national executive committee to protest gadkaris continuance in office.
maheshs father and rajya sabha mp ram jethmalani had a press conference seeking gadkaris resignation.
he claimed that he and his son had the backing of three other senior leaders, jaswant singh, shatrughan sinha and yashwant sinha.
gadkari went knocking on doors to save his job.
he first met sushmaswaraj swaraj and later jaitely early in the day to seek their support after gurumurthys report exonerated him.
later, sushmaswaraj , ananth kumar and dharmendra pradhan met at advanis residence in the evening to chalk out the contours of the core group meeting.
rss, bjp leaders talktop rss leaders are also said to have called up bharatiya janata party leaders to fall in line.
jethmalani accepted that gurumurthy also met him.
i told him (gurumurthy) that it may be necessary for me to ask gadkari a few questions.
he says don't worry about it.
if you want to ask questions, gadkari will answer them, jethmalani told reporters.
gurumurthy tried to convince me.
he has seen the documents.
.
.
but i have not seen the documents, i am not prepared to accept any conclusion.
i have told him to give me all the documents along with a note by wednesday which i will study myself, the noted lawyer said.
un seeks return of iaf helicopterskalyan ray new delhi, jan 13, 2015, dhns: 0:45 istthe united nations has sought return of indian air force helicopters to the peace keeping mission in congo, almost three years after new delhi withdrew the them due to domestic requirements.
the issue was discussed between un secretary general ban ki-moon and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the capital on monday.
the secretary general is keen to have an air component in congo, which is a large country.
india previously provided helicopters.
it was discussed between moon and swaraj as the un acutely felt the need, external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin said.
between 2010-11, the government was compelled to call back all iaf helicopters from un peacekeeping mission in congo and south sudan and press them into domestic operations.
subsequently, ukraine provided helicopters for tactical air support.
as many as 17 mi-17 medium lift helicopter, eight mi-35 and mi-25 attack choppers were operating in congo and sudan.
while the mi-17s augmented the transport fleet and supplementing the helicopters deployed in the anti-naxal operations in central india, the attack helicopters were used to provide support to the army deployed in rajasthan deserts.
the mi-35s went to suratgarh base.
india is one of the worlds biggest contributor to the un operations providing personnel for 10 out of 16 missions.
in april 2013, then defence minister a k antony informed parliament that more than 7,000 indian peacekeepers were deployed under the un flag with maximum number of troops being deployed in congo and south sudan.
our resources have been stretched to the limit, particularly the helicopter fleet.
for six to seven years, they have been deployed in the un peacekeeping missions.
they have taken a huge amount of workload over the years, stated then iaf vice chief n a k browne, who went on to become the chief of the air staff.
india also asked for more say in commanding the operations as indian lives are involved.
pm promises enough securitynew delhi, aug 17, 2012, dhns: 0:38 ist'political parties should join hands'prime minister manmohan singh on friday assured panic-stricken members of the north-eastern community that adequate security measures will be taken to ensure their safety.
i commit from the government to work with all like-minded people to create a feeling of security among the people of the north-east residing in various parts of our country.
they have as much right as anyone else to live, earn and study at any place of choice, singh said in the lok sabha, during a discussion on the exodus of the north-easterners from the southern states to their native places.
describing the growing sense of insecurity among the north-easterners living out of their home states as reprehensible, the prime minister said all political parties should join hands to bring the situation under control immediately.
the unity and integrity of our country is being threatened by certain elements and without apportioning blame, i would urge this house to send a message loud and clear to all the people of the north-east that our people are one, that we will do everything to provide security to the people of the north-east, he said.
the issue was also discussed at length in the rajya sabha where singh said the recent communal clashes in assam should not be made a platform to fan rumours.
we must curb all the elements which are out to create trouble on this sensitive issue, he said.
leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj, who initiated a discussion on the issue in the lok sabha, said the government should launch a helpline for students and deploy police at hostels and shopping malls.
besides, lawmakers unanimously demanded punitive action against perpetrators of the conspiracy against the north-easterners.
biju janata dal leader baijayant panda suggested that the central rapid action force be assigned to deal with such situations.
home minister sushil kumar shinde assured the house that the government is already working to identify source of the rumours that sparked off the exodus.
i have asked director, intelligence, to trace those posting (threat) messages in facebook and other social networking sites.
in the rajya sabha, bjp leader arun jaitley said: a fear psychosis is being created among north-eastern people and it is a challenge.
it is an onerous responsibility on each one of us to make sure that this panic situation and this rumour mongering come to an end.
new delhi, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 12:50 istas bjp battled a deepening row involving two of its top leaders vasundhara raje and sushmaswaraj swaraj, former finance minister p chidambaram today demanded release of all letters written to british authorities on the lalit modi case during the upa rule which he said will answer accusations against congress and him.
the congress also demanded the resignation of the rajasthan chief minister raje and external affairs minister swaraj for helping modi, tainted former ipl commissioner, an economic offender and a fugitive.
the congress' escalation of the attack came the morning after modi's explosive claims that raje had supported in writing his immigration plea in britain and that he has a family relationship with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj whose husband and daughter had provided legal services free of cost.
the complete answer to mr lalit modi's accusations against upa can be found in the letters to the uk chancellor.
release them, chidambaram, a senior congress leader, tweeted today.
lalit modi in a television interview last night accused congress and chidambaram of making him a target of political vendetta in the aftermath of congress leader shashi tharoor losing his ministerial job following the ipl scam.
more than two years ago as finance minister, chidambaram had asked the british government why it was not taking action against modi, former ipl chief who had taken refuge in london after he was accused of a wide range of financial impropriety, including money laundering.
chidambaram had taken up the issue during his meeting with the chancellor of the exchequer george osborne in 2013.
he had wanted britain to deport him as modi's passport was impounded in india and his uk visa had run out.
with the latest revelations in modigate drawing vasundhra raje into the controversy, congress spokesperson shobha ojha demanded that raje and swaraj should step down for helping modi.
she also targeted prime minister narendra modi, saying his silence in the matter so far showed that there is a mute support by the pm to these leaders.
meanwhile, holidaying in the tiny balkan nation of montenegro, modi said raje had accompanied his wife to portugal for her cancer treatment two years ago.
raje became chief minister of rajasthan for the second time in december 2013.
the comments of the tainted former ipl commissioner assume significance because it came hours after it was reported that raje had given a witness statement in august 2011 to british authorities supporting his case for immigration in britain which he has made his base after fleeing from india where he faces serious charges of money laundering and fema violations.
raje's purported witness statement was made public earlier in the day on behalf of the modi camp but later in the night the chief minister said she was not aware of this document.
in the interview modi said, my relationship with vasundhara raje goes back 30 years.
that relationship is known to everybody.
she is a close friend of the family and my wife for a long time.
.
.
she openly agreed to be (to be a witness), but unfortunately by the time the case went to trial, she was already chief minister, so she did not come to become a witness.
the statements she gave is all on records in the courts.
raje and sushmaswaraj supported me when my wife was sick, he said.
it was a family, a legal whatever you may call it.
we were very close.
but the point is not that.
.
.
i am very close to a lot of politicians, not only mrs swaraj.
.
.
, modi said when asked about his relationship with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
my wife was being taken to portugal by whom, by mrs vasundhara raje.
nobody knows that, i am putting that on record now, modi said, adding she accompanied his wife minal in 2012 and 2013.
the surfacing of the witness statement gave a new twist to the controversy surrounding external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to modi to seek british travel documents.
i did ask her(swaraj) help, modi said, adding that he would have made a similar plea to any other external affairs minister in office.
i know swaraj kaushal(sushma's husband) for 20 years.
he has been my advocate for 20 years.
.
.
his daughter bansuri had been my advocate for four years, he said, adding that their services had been provided free of cost.
the witness statement came into circulation just hours after finance minister arun jaitley backed swaraj saying whatever she had done was in good faith and bona fide.
the document had a confidentiality clause in which raje purportedly supported modi's case but did not want it to be revealed to indian authorities.
swaraj found herself at the centre of a political firestorm after the uk-based sunday times reported a leaked conversation between influential labour mp keith vaz and head of uk visas and immigration sarah rapson that cited swaraj to facilitate travel documents for lalit modi.
the tv channel also quoted modi having told it that he was also helped by ncp leaders sharad pawar and praful patel and congress leader rajiv shukla.
shukla said he had not talked to modi for three years while pawar said he tried to convince the former ipl chief to return to india and face investigations.
to a question, modi said he was not travelling to india because of security concerns.
asked about his holiday in the famous ibiza resort three days after the surgery of his wife, modi said the family decided to celebrate because the revolutionary treatment received at the portugal medical centre helped her because the liver cancer she was suffering from was in the final stage.
modi said he had done no wrong and has always gone by the book and that he has paid all his dues.
he said he has been taken to task by the previous upa government and asserted he was no fugitive.
swaraj, who had a meeting with members of the families of the hostages, dismissed media reports claiming that the indians abducted by islamic state militants at mosul in northern iraq in june 2014 had been killed.
the media-reports quoted harjit masih, who was among the hostages, but managed to flee, telling journalists that all others abducted by the is had been killed.
we are not sparing any efforts to find them.
we are hopeful that we will be able to find them and bring them back home.
she assured the families of the hostages that the government was making sincere efforts for the safe and early release of the indian workers.
she said she had earlier personally spoken to her counterparts in the countries.
congress hits back at sharma over his 'no work, no pay' remarknew delhi, aug 2, 2015, (pti): 18:12 istcongress today hit back at union minister mahesh sharma for his suggestion of 'no work, no pay' policy over logjam in parliament, saying such views were wrong as congress mps were working hard.
we are working.
we have standing committee meetings, i have a select committee meeting on land tomorrow and also a standing committee meeting on health.
therefore, it is wrong to say mps are not working.
mps are working hard, congress spokesperson jairam ramesh told reporters here, when asked about it.
sharma had yesterday said in varanasi that there is a suggestion for applying 'no work, no pay' policy on mps like it is being done with regard to bureaucrats, triggering a debate after which he went into a denial mode.
in its reaction, bjp today said there was no such proposal before the government but the government would not mind discussing the issue.
government would not mind discussion on 'no work no pay' issue.
but as of now there is no such matter before the government, union minister nirmala sitharaman told reporters here.
blaming the bjp-led government for ongoing logjam in parliament, ramesh said there has been no change in their stand of no resignation, no discussion.
the party, which is cornering the government on the lalit modi and vyapam controversies, is demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
we are not alone in parliament.
we are being supported by the left parties, jd-u and several others, ramesh said.
questions were raised for how may days we can run it (our demand) but from day one we are saying resignation first and discussion later, he added.
talking about congress parliamentary party meeting tomorrow morning, he said the party's stand would become clear in the speech of president sonia gandhi.
he reminded of the stand taken by bjp five years ago when they said parliamentary disruption is a legitimate tactic.
bjp to announce team todaynew delhi, july 18, 2013, dhns: 1:26 istthe bjp team for the 2014 lok sabha polls and the upcoming state elections, spread over about a dozen sub-committees to manage issues like campaigning, preparation of manifestoes, rallies and publicity, will be announced on friday.
the bjp parliamentary board meeting, presided by party president rajnath singh, on thursday evening prepared the broad counters of election work allocation.
however, differences remained among leaders on identifying state election in-charge.
the sources said that former bjp president nitin gadkari has refused to take over the reins in delhi, which will also go to polls along with madhya pradesh (mp), chhattisgarh, rajasthan and andhra pradesh.
it is learnt that one of the reasons behind gadkaris refusal is due to the fact that the bjps chances of winning is not that bright in comparison with states like rajasthan, mp and chhattisgarh.
also, he is believed to be of the view that his stature in the party, being a former president, was bigger than the post he was being offered.
party sources said that he had shown interest in taking charge of rajasthan.
gadkari, who was one of the 12 top leaders apart from l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and venkaiah naidu, left the meeting before others got out.
while general secretaries will get the responsibilities to head sub-committees for poll bound states, senior leaders such as swaraj and jaitley are expected to get positions keeping in mind their standing in the party.
the senior leaders cannot be seen to be doing election management work under any structure headed by poll campaign chief narendra modi, sources said.
by virtue of being a parliamentary board member, which is the top decision making body of the party, the members cannot be tasked to share responsibility under modi.
singh and modi went into a huddle on wednesday to put together a list of election related committees to give specific task to leaders.
the rss, which recently had a series of meetings with singh, advani, modi, gadkari and murli manohar joshi, has told the bjp to take along everyone, especially seniors so that the party can put a united fight.
the sikh man, identified as us national deep rai, was working on his vehicle outside his home in kent, washington, on friday when he was approached by a stranger, who walked up to his home's driveway.
kent police said an argument broke out between the two men, with rai saying the suspect made statements to the effect of go back to your own country.
the unidentified man then shot him in the arm.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh, father of the victim.
he told me that his son had a bullet injury on his arm.
he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital, swaraj tweeted.
the victim described the shooter as a six-foot-tall white man, wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
kent police are looking for the gunman.
kent police chief ken thomas said while the sikh man sustained non life-threatening injuries, they are treating this as a very serious incident.
rai is able to talk, an indian government official said.
the official said the government was ready to offer all possible assistance to the wounded man.
authorities are investigating the shooting as a suspected hate crime, according to the seattle times.
consulate general of india in san francisco is in touch with local authorities who are ascertaining the nature of the crime, the indian official said.
kent police have launched an investigation into the case and reached out to the fbi and other law enforcement agencies.
we're early on in our investigation, thomas said.
kent police commander jarod kasner said the incident is getting attention from the sikh community and others.
with recent unrest and concern throughout the nation this can get people emotionally involved, especially when (the crime) is directed at a person for how they live, how they look, kasner said.
the incident is the latest in a series of troubling cases where members of the indian community have been targeted in apparent hate crimes.
it comes close on the heels of the tragic hate crime shooting in kansas last month in which 32-year-old indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla was killed when 51-year-old us navy veteran adam purinton opened fire at him and his friend alok madasani, yelling get out of my country.
earlier this week, indian-origin convenience store owner harnish patel, 43, of lancaster in south carolina was found dead of gun shot wounds in his yard.
however, police said in patel's killing his indian ethnicity does not appear to be a factor.
jasmit singh, a leader of the sikh community in renton, said the victim and his family are very shaken up.
we're all kind of at a loss in terms of what's going on right now, this is just bringing it home.
the climate of hate that has been created doesn't distinguish between anyone, he said.
singh said that men from his community have reported a rise in incidents of verbal abuse, a kind of prejudice, a kind of xenophobia that is nothing that we've seen in the recent past.
he said the number of incidents targeting members of the sikh religion, are reminiscent of the aftermath of the september 11 terror attacks.
but at that time, it felt like the (presidential) administration was actively working to allay those fears, singh said, adding that now it's a very different dimension.
advocacy group the sikh coalition said it calls upon local law enforcement officials to investigate this shooting as a possible hate crime.
various rights groups and ethnic indian organisations are reaching out to people of the community asking them not to succumb to fear and immediately report any incident of hate crime or violence to law enforcement authorities.
the indo-american democratic organisation strongly condemned kuchibhotla's tragic killing, saying the circumstances around this horrible crime are incredibly troubling which includes but not limited to: unprovoked violence in a public venue, racial slurs, and a senseless attack against innocent members of the public.
it also called on local elected leaders to express outrage over the unacceptable and appalling situation and publicly commit to doing what they can to prevent and call out hate crimes across communities.
it said it will continue to represent the best interests of the local south asian american community against the rise of any and all hate crimes and we join in partnership with many other organisations and civic leaders who stand for a more just, safe and equitable country.
india civil watch, a collective of indian-american activists and professionals, called on indian-americans to not succumb to fear in the wake of incidents like kuchibotla's murder.
the community must get organised in broad coalitions with others who intend to defend immigrant and minority rights, it said.
this is also a moment for indian communities in the us to reflect, take stock, and prepare for the oncoming weeks and months of struggle against a rising tide of racism and xenophobia, it added.
pak says 'no' to india's terms, calls off meetnew delhi, august 23, 2015, dhns: 2:25 istdecision unfortunate, didn't set preconditions: delhipakistan called off the proposed meeting between its prime ministers national security adviser (nsa) sartaj aziz and his indian counterpart ajit doval late night on saturday.
the ministry of foreign affairs of the pakistan government stated that the scheduled nsa-level talks cannot be held on the basis of the preconditions set by india.
the statement came hours after new delhi did some plain speak and drew two red-lines for islamabad.
external affairs minister spokesperson vikas swarup reacted, pakistan's decision is unfortunate.
india did not set any preconditions.
india made it clear to pakistan that the proposed parleys between the nsas would not take place if islamabad did not drop by midnight its insistence on discussing kashmir and making the separatists a third party in the bilateral engagement.
we have come to the conclusion that the proposed nsa-level talks between the two countries would not serve any purpose, if conducted on the basis of the two conditions laid down by the (indian) minister, the foreign office of pakistan government stated in islamabad.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pointed out that when modi and pakistani prime minister m nawaz sharif had met at ufa in russia on july 10, they had assigned their nsas to meet and discuss all issues connected to terrorism.
the nsas had not been mandated to discuss kashmir.
her remarks came after aziz told journalists in islamabad he was still willing to travel to new delhi for the talks, but the agenda should include kashmir.
aziz was scheduled to arrive in new delhi on sunday and meet doval on monday.
however, islamabads move to arrange azizs consultations with kashmiri separatist leaders irked new delhi and cast a shadow over the talks.
he (aziz) said (in islamabad) he would wait for my press conference (to know india's response).
i am responding: if you come for talks, you are most welcome.
she, however, made it clear that india was also ready to discuss with pakistan all outstanding issues, including kashmir.
but the two prime ministers had agreed in ufa that the nsa-level talks would focus on terrorism, a roadblock in the resumption of bilateral dialogue.
modi and sharif had also agreed in ufa that the doval-aziz talks would be followed by two other meetings  between the chiefs of indias border security force and pakistan rangers, and between the two countries' directors general of military operations  to explore ways to avert ceasefire violations.
the india-pakistan structured dialogue has focused on counter-terrorism (including progress on trial of the 26/11 accused in pakistan), narcotics control, humanitarian matters, commercial and economic cooperation.
it also includes row over the wullar barrage or the tulbul navigation project, disputes over sir creek and siachen, confidence-building measures, jammu and kashmir and promotion of friendly exchanges.
the dialogue was suspended after november 26, 2008, terror attacks in mumbai, resumed in march 2011, but paused again in january 2013 after the beheading of an indian army soldier on the line of control.
aziz said indias demand that he not meet kashmiri separatist leaders was almost tantamount to controlling the guest list for a reception being held for him at the pakistan high commission.
he said he was prepared to go to delhi for talks without any preconditions.
rs adjourned till noon following oppn-bjp spatnew delhi, jul 24, 2015, pti: 12:17 istheated exchanges between treasury benches and the congress today forced adjournment of the rajya sabha till noon as the opposition stuck to its demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje for allegedly supporting controversial ipl head lalit modi.
the bjp and congress members clashed after leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad blamed the ruling party for being a stumbling block in the functioning of parliament.
as the treasury benches led by union ministers ravi shankar prasad and piyush goyal protested and blamed opposition for the stalemate, congress members too angrily reacted by moving into aisles and shouting slogans.
sensing trouble, deputy chairman p j kurien adjourned the house till 1200 hours.
earlier, soon after papers were laid on the table, pramod tiwari (cong) rose to say he had given notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of business to discuss alleged corruption in rajasthan and swaraj for allegedly trying to help fugitive modi.
he sought to know if the government has decided that both the leaders, who are in the dock, will resign, provoking the ruling party members who attacked tiwari and demanded that a discussion be immediately taken up.
sharad yadav (jd-u) said it was unprecedented that the ruling party today sat on a dharna.
ruling party world over have not sat on dharna .
.
.
who are they asking (for help)?
is it the almighty, he said mockingly.
all through, the ruling side continued to shout back at the opposition leaders, prompting kurien to remark why is treasury benches creating problem?
following this, azad said it is the ruling party which has become stumbling block (in funtioning of house).
bjp members protested this remark and were promptly countered by the opposition members.
amidst the ruckus, kurien adjourned the house.
indian, chinese foreign ministers hold talks in kathmandukathmandu, june 25, 2015, (ians) 11:43 istthe foreign ministers of india and china held talks here on thursday morning on the sideline of an international conference to provide aid to nepal for rebuilding its infrastructure in the wake of a series of quakes.
according to external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup, the talks between indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi were focused on strengthening bilateral cooperation and coordination.
during a meeting with nepalese prime minister sushil koirala on wednesday evening, wang proposed to develop a china-nepal-india corridor.
he told koirala this had been discussed with indian prime minister narendra modi during his china visit.
parliament could not transact any business for the third day in a row as deadlock prevailed between the opposition and the ruling side over the lalit modi and vyapam issues, which aggravated today after bjp raised objection to certain comments by robert vadra.
while the opposition stuck to its demand for the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh, the government rejected it and countered in the lok sabha by raking up a facebook post of vadra and seeking action against him for demeaning mps.
the lok sabha was adjourned for the day just after papers were tabled at noon, while the rajya sabha was adjourned at about 2.
10 pm after two adjournments earlier.
the lok sabha failed to transact any business for the second straight day as confrontation between ruling and opposition sides intensified with bjp hitting back at congress by forcefully raising the vadra issue and seeking action against congress president sonia gandhi's son-in-law for breach of privilege.
rajya sabha saw heated exchanges between the opposition and treasury benches, primarily over the modalities for a discussion on the lalit modi controversy, with members of the congress, left and other parties insisting no resignation, no discussion.
the upper house could not transact any business as it witnessed two adjournments - one till noon and the other till 2 pm.
similar scenes prevailed when it reassembled, forcing deputy chairman p j kurien to adjourn it for the day.
all hell broke loose in the lower house when it met after the first adjournment at noon and bjp member prahlad joshi referred to vadra's facebook post.
lahore/new delhi:dec 26, 2015, dhns & agencies 2:06 istpm, nawaz sharif hold talks to resume bilateral tiestaking everyone by surprise, prime minister narendra modi made a stopover in lahore on friday and held talks with his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif.
modi was received by sharif at the airport and the two leaders flew in a civilian helicopter to the pakistan prime ministers ancestral home of jati umra raiwind, on the outskirts of lahore, to attend sharifs granddaughter mehrun nisas wedding.
modi was received by sharifs family, including son hasan and his ageing mother.
modi also reportedly touched sharifs mothers feet.
after blessing the bride, the two leaders sat down to have a round of discussions on the resumption of bilateral ties.
modi was accompanied by national security advisor ajit doval and foreign secretary s jaishankar.
spontaneous meetingit was a spontaneous meeting.
i was lucky to be in lahore on friday or would have missed the meeting, pakistani foreign secretary aizaz ahmad chaudhry said.
this is the second meeting between the two leaders within a month as they held a round of talks on the sidelines of the paris climate summit on november 30.
the move came within weeks after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj flew to islamabad to meet her counterpart sartaj aziz and sharif for resumption of the talks.
it was decided to begin a dialogue with pakistan under the new title comprehensive bilateral dialogue.
the foreign secretaries have been tasked to work out modalities and schedule of the meetings under the new dialogue, sushmaswaraj informed parliament on december 14.
as it was expected that modis first visit to pakistan would come by the end of 2016 for the saarc summit, the prime ministers afternoon tweets took everybody by surprise.
looking forward to meeting pm nawaz sharif in lahore today (friday) afternoon, where i will drop by on my way back to delhi, he tweeted soon after his address in kabul.
spoke to prime minister nawaz sharif and wished him on his birthday, he said in another tweet.
the last visit to pakistan by an indian prime minister was in 2004 by atal bihari vajpayee, whose 91st birthday fell on friday.
welcome to pakistan @narendramodi.
constant engagement is the only way to resolve all outstanding issues, opposition leader and ppp chairperson bilawal bhutto zardari tweeted.
punish ultras: india, china, russiabeijing, feb 2, 2015, pti: 2:00 isttackling menace: countries express concern over global trendsrussia, india and china on monday made a united pitch for bringing to justice perpetrators and sponsors of international terrorism.
they also sought an early conclusion of the india-moved resolution to combat the global menace, alarmed by the new trends in global terror.
foreign ministers of the three countries also agreed to enhance trilateral cooperation, including regional connectivity, during intense two-hour talks at the 13th russia-india-china (ric) meeting here.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj represented india at the trilateral that was also attended by her chinese and russian counterparts wang yi and sergey lavrov respectively.
highly alarmed by the new trends in international terrorist acts, the ministers emphasised the need to step up information gathering and sharing, prevent the use of the internet and other information and communication technologies (icts) for the purposes of recruitment and incitement to commit terrorist acts, said a joint statement that was issued by the ric foreign ministers.
the ministers also highlighted the need to prevent financing, planning and preparation of their activities, block the channels of terrorist movement and financing of terrorism, and promote de-radicalisation, while respecting international law.
seen as a rebuff to pakistan, the three countries also called for early conclusion of comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit), a resolution moved by india to address gaps in the international legal framework against terrorism.
india won the backing of russia and china for its long-pending un proposal, nearly two decades after the draft ccit was circulated at the un general assembly (unga) in 1996.
prime minister narendra modi had called for global support for the ccit in his maiden address to the un general assembly last year.
at a joint press conference, sushmaswaraj thanked her chinese and russian counterparts for their support for the resolution.
answering a question, the senior bjp leader said it did not move ahead for 19 years.
ric foreign ministers have an understating that we can conclude this at the earliest.
i thank both of them for accepting this proposal, she said.
the ministers reiterated that there can be no ideological, religious, political, racial, ethnic, or any other justification for acts of terrorism.
they underlined the need to bring to justice perpetrators, organisers, financiers and sponsors of terrorist acts, the joint statement said.
khattar to be haryana cm; oath taking sundaychandigarh, oct 21, 2014, (ians): 17:45 istharyana is all set for a bjp rule for the first time, with chief minister-designate manohar lal khattar scheduled to be sworn in sunday.
haryana governor kaptan singh solanki tuesday invited khattar, who earlier in the day was elected leader of the haryana bjp legislative party, to form the new government in the state.
the oath-taking ceremony will take place at the tau devi lal sports stadium in panchkula, near here, instead of the haryana raj bhavan.
khattar, 60, will be the first bharatiya janata party chief minister of the state, which was formed nov 1, 1966.
the former rashtriya swayamsewak sangh (rss) 'pracharak' was chosen by the newly elected bjp legislators as their leader at a meeting here.
the bjp, which created political history sunday by winning 47 seats in the haryana assembly polls, tuesday staked its claim to form the next government in the state.
the bjp, till now, used to play second fiddle to other regional parties in the state.
a letter from the party was submitted to the haryana governor by khattar after he was unanimously elected leader of the bjp legislative group.
khattar was accompanied to raj bhavan by union minister venkaiah naidu, bjp national vice president dinesh sharma, state bjp president ram bilas sharma, union minister krishan pal gurjar and other bjp leaders.
i have been chosen by the party legislators and the bjp leadership for this responsibility.
i can assure you that we will work for the welfare of the people of haryana, khattar said.
my government will be transparent and there will be no discrimination with any area.
we will take everyone together, khattar, sporting a light blue half-jacket, told media persons.
despite being a first-time legislator with no administrative experience, the bjp chose the man from the punjabi community to play its debutant leading role in the jat-dominated politics of haryana.
khattar is seen as a no-nonsense man with organizational skills.
naidu and sharma attended the meeting of the legislators as observers sent by the bjp's parliamentary board.
the name of khattar was proposed for chief minister by haryana bjp president ram bilas sharma and he (khattar) was unanimously elected, bjp central observer dinesh sharma told media.
the bjp got the majority on its own for the first time in haryana in the results of the elections to the 90-member assembly declared sunday.
besides khattar, other names earlier doing rounds for the chief minister's post were those of state bjp president ram bilas sharma, state bjp spokesperson abhimanyu, senior legislator anil vij and bjp kisan cell leader o.p. dhankar from among the recently elected legislators.
other names being mentioned were of union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, rao inderjit singh and krishan pal.
the name of congressman-turned-bjp leader birender singh also figured in the speculation.
birender singh, rao inderjit singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj, all of whom are leaders from haryana, were conspicuous by their absence as the bjp elected its first chief ministerial candidate.
this is the first time that the bjp will form its own government in the state.
the party won only four assembly seats in the 2009 polls.
results of the haryana assembly elections were historic for the bjp as the party romped home with 47 legislators.
the indian national lok dal (inld) followed with 19 legislators, while the congress, which was in power since march 2005, managed to get only 15 seats.
two seats went to the haryana janhit congress (hjc), one each to shiromani akali dal and bahujan samaj party (bsp).
five independent candidates were also elected.
details of proforma in security profiling of rahul gandhinew delhi, mar 16, 2015, (pti) 18:53 istdress, including shoes worn by the suspect, close associates, deformity or peculiarity and special identification marks are some of the details which the police proforma has sought in security profiling of congress leader rahul gandhi.
the form has been used to profile several politicians including former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee, his deputy l k advani, congress president sonia gandhi and bjp chief amit shah.
the two-page form, filled usually by a sub-inspector, also seeks details like alias used by the vvip, gait and whether the person has a beard or mustache.
the proforma detailing the profile of vajpayee, which was filled on august 27, 2001, says that the former prime minister usually speaks in hindi, english and sanskrit.
against the section dress including shoes usually put on/worn by suspect, the sub-inspector says that vajpayee wears dhoti, kurta, jawahar jacket and 'chappals'.
advani and another bjp veteran murli manohar joshi have been described as his close associates.
against the section on occupation, vajpayee has been described as a poet and politician.
on page 2, in the past activities section, the police official states that vajpayee did not get married in his life.
advani keeps mustache, speaks hindi and english and wears suit, kurta payjama.
vajpayee and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj have been described as his close associates in the proforma filled by a sub-inspector on january 8, 2002.
according to the proforma filled up detailing swaraj, she wears saree, sandals and uses bindi.
her hairstyle is simple and she can speak hindi and english.
the proforma filled up on amit shah says he he is b sc in biotechnology and describes his occupation as business.
shah sports both a mustache and a beard, uses spectacles and speaks hindi, english and gujarati.
lalit modi partying at foreign locales: huffington postnew delhi, june 14, 2015, (ians) 22:27 istwhile external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said she helped former ipl chief lalit modi on humanitarian grounds to attend to his wife who was undergoing treatment for cancer in lisbon last year, huffington post india said the travel document was issued till 2016, and modi was seen partying with celebrities like naomi campbell and paris hilton in foreign locales.
huffington post india reproduced the email exchanges between sushmaswaraj swaraj, lalit modi, indian-origin british mp keith vaz, and the minister's family.
in an article titled smoking gun: read the emails in the sushmaswaraj swaraj-lalit modi scandal, the daily also says instagram photos of that time show modi partying with celebrities like naomi campbell and paris hilton in foreign locations.
huffington post india says it has seen the emails which shed light on exchanges between lalit modi, the minister's husband swaraj kaushal, keith vaz, and the minister's daughter bansuri kaushal, who had worked as a legal counsel for modi.
jyotirmay will be very happy if he can get sussex.
not many students becoz of the present exchange rate, swaraj kaushal wrote on august 26, 2013.
three days later, lalit modi wrote to keith vaz to say: mrs sushmaswaraj swaraj called to see if we can do anything to help her nephew get into the law program at sussex.
can you help with this.
vaz replied to modi, saying: sure, can you get him to send over his cv and name of professor etc.
on july 31, 2014, vaz sent an email to sarah rapson, an official at the uk home office, which said: foreign minister of india has spoken to me making it very clear that the indian government has no objection to the travel document being granted which is contrary to what the refusal notice has stated.
mrs swraj has also spoken to sir james bevan, who even though is on leave, said he will speak to the relevant person in the home office.
frankly everyone has been involved in this apart from (un secretary-general) ban ki-moon.
on august 1, 2014, rapson replied: i understand from my colleagues in travel documents that this issue has been resolved and that the solicitors have been contacted with the good news (and indeed the document).
on the same day, lalit modi sent an email to multiple recipients, including swaraj kaushal and naomi campbell, which said: thank you for putting all your might and help and sleepless nights in resolving this major issue which has taken us thru tremendous roller coaster ride.
roger and his team backed by just super star keith vaz with the support of numerous friends in india, malta, portugal, virginia waters, tel aviv, lisbon, lyon and some unnamed stars i cannot thank you enough.
the sigh of relief i got even for a minute as i held the document before relinquishing to my portuguese friends was sheer delight.
thank you all from the bottom of my heart.
vaz replied: from the horses mouth!
i will do a thank you we will need her again.
sushma swaraj on sunday admitted she had helped lalit modi procure documents to travel to portugal in july 2014 on humanitarian grounds for treatment of his cancer-afflicted wife, amid an escalating row that saw the opposition congress demand her resignation.
sushma swaraj, however, denied having sought any favour for her nephew jyotirmay kaushal with regard to his admission in a law course at sussex university.
what benefit did i pass on to lalit modi - that he could sign consent papers for surgery of his wife suffering from cancer?
he was in london.
after his wife's surgery, he came back to london.
what is it that i changed?
she said in tweets.
govt calls all-party meet to end logjamnew delhi: aug 1, 2015, dhns 2:22 istthe central government on friday called an all-party meeting on monday to break the two-week-long logjam in parliament.
however, a combative congress spurned the peace initiative, demanding tangible action from prime minister narendra modi on controversial issues.
there appeared little chance of a resolution to the deadlock as parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu launched a sharp attack on the congress for not letting parliament function.
it is for the congress to introspect and decide whether it wants to be partners in development or continue disruption, he said, adding that the government had all along walked the extra mile to accommodate the opposition by referring crucial bills to parliamentary committees.
naidu said he reached out to political parties for a meeting on friday, but the congress expressed its inability citing an internal party meeting.
the minister said he will now to meet leaders of political parties on monday to enable normal functioning of parliament.
the monsoon session of parliament began on july 21, but has not transacted any significant business for the past two weeks.
the congress has been disrupting proceedings demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for facilitating travel documents for controversial ipl ex-chief lalit modi.
it also wants madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan sacked over his reported involvement in the vyapam scam.
we are not interested in mere photo-op, tea and sandwiches.
the prime minister must first tell us what action is being taken on our demands, said congress spokesman anand sharma, adding that parliament was not functioning due to the obduracy and arrogance of the prime minister, who was not ready to break his silence on opposition-raised issues.
the government has rejected the demands for resignations, and accused the congress of indulging in smear politics and forgetting the corruption in its own backyard.
the congress is perturbed by the government's increasing popularity over the past year.
india's image and prestige have gone up internationally, investments are coming in and the economy is back on track.
i think they do not want narendra modi to succeed, said naidu, adding that the government was ready to discuss any issue, but the congress was not.
gowda questions bjp's moral right in seeking pm's resignationlast updated: 07 january, 2011bangalore, jan 7 (pti) 17:03 istjds chief h d deve gowda on friday took a dig at central bjp leaders for demanding prime minister manmohan singh's resignation over bofors pay offs while maintaining 'silence' over corruption charges against the party's chief minister in karnataka.
what moral right do they have to speak on manmohan singh?
if they have minimum decency and an iota of shame, b s yeddyurappa should have been asked to step down, the former prime minister said, continuing his tirade against the yeddyurappa government.
lashing out at bjp for its 'silence' over the 'scams', gowda said, for rs 41 crore, they say it is a scandal.
in karnataka the scandals amount to rs one lakh crore.
it is one of the heinous act of the bjp central leadership to support this century's scam government.
gowda said he had sent a booklet his party has brought out on 'corruption' in yeddyurappa government to senior leaders of bjp including, l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
targeting jaitley, who is one of the in-charges of bjp affairs in karnataka, he said he was not talking about the corruption charges faced by yeddyurappa.
he claimed that when jaitley called on governor h r bhardwaj recently, he was provided with documentary evidence on scandals of yeddyurappa government and added but still, he (jaitley) does not want to speak on them.
a day after congress permitted its karnataka unit to tie up with jds to rule zilla and taluk panchayats which have returned a fractured verdict in recent polls, gowda urged all secular parties to come together to take the fight against the bjp government to the logical end.
no question of showing mercy.
it should quit, gowda insisted.
training his guns on yeddyurappa, gowda quipped, the chief minister calls the opposition stalling governor's address as murder of democracy.
a day after panchayat election results are out, bjp launched 'operation lotus' (allegedly luring opposition members to switch sides), which act is really a murder of democracy?
he charged that bjp had stretched its new experiment of 'defection' to local bodies too, and slammed the party's efforts to 'lure' opposition members in raichur and bellary districts.
vietnam pm begins india visit todaynew delhi, oct 26, 2014, dhns: 1:24 istamid escalating tension between hanoi and beijing over maritime disputes, prime minister narendra modi is set to host vietnam prime minister nguyen tan dung, as india sees an opportunity in the south-east asian nations recent efforts to lessen its economic reliance on china.
dung will commence a two-day visit to india from monday, arriving at bodhgaya and then going to new delhi to meet modi.
they are expected to focus on boosting economic ties.
this is going to be the third high-level engagement between new delhi and hanoi this year: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and president pranab mukherjee had visited vietnam in august and september, respectively.
dungs visit may see ovl and petrovietnam striking deals for some recently offered blocks.
hanoi is also keen to diversify sources of raw material for vietnams textile industry.
garment manufacturers there import 90 per cent of their yarn and other raw materials from china at present, but the south china sea row has prompted many of them to explore other sources, including india.
get info on man languishing in pak jail, hc tells meabengaluru, march 17, 2017, dhns: 1:20 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
dh file photothe parents of a man from virajpet, kodagu district, have approached the high court of karnataka, seeking the release of their son, said to be lodged in the lahore jail in pakistan.
the couple had given a representation to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in 2015.
they, however, have not got any response.
p m kushalappa and p k meenakshi, residents of kaikeri village, gonikoppa, virajpet taluk, have approached the court, seeking a direction to get information about their son, who has been convicted by a pakistani court for entering the country without a visa.
the couples son, p k yeshwant, who was given the name ramesh following his conviction, was a student of cauvery polytechnic in virajpet.
he was sent to mysuru for training and went missing since december 2006.
though a missing complaint was registered by his parents with the kr police in mysuru, the police filed a b-report in 2010 and closed the case.
in 2014, the parents saw yeshwants picture published in a newspaper.
they learnt that their son had been housed in lahore jail and had completed his punishment.
the information was given to the parents by the ministry of external affairs (mea) through the mysuru police.
hearing the petition, justice a s bopanna directed assistant solicitor general krishna s dixit to get information on the steps taken by the mea to get yeshwant released.
chouhan relieved over civic poll victorynew delhi, aug 18, 2015, dhns: 0:30 istmadhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, who is facing heat over vyapam scam, will now breathe easy with the bjp performing well in the civic elections.
the bjp fielded vice-president vinay sahasrabuddhe, who is in-charge of madhya pradesh, and state unit chief nandkumar singh chouhan to stress that the mandate was a tight slap on the face of the congress given that people continue to repose faith in the chief minister despite attempts made to drag him into the vyapam scam.
parliaments monsoon session was wiped out owing to congress-led opposition protest seeking resignation of chouhan in vyapam scam and union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje in lalitgate.
though the party has been defending him after finding nothing objections against him in scam official records, the opposition pressure had made chouhan uncomfortable which was also seen in his body language and frequent visits to delhi.
on sunday, the bjp won eight out of 10 civic bodies elections, snatching five of the six held by congress.
the bjp pocketed bhainsdehi, chakghat, kotara, vidhisha, harda and suvasara local bodies while an independent won the chairmans post in ghuwara and a congress candidate won sarangpur municipal body.
besides, bjps ashok argal, a former mp, won morena municipal corporation mayor's post which has been traditionally a congress bastion.
similarly, the ruling partys meena jonwal was crowned with the ujjain mc mayors post.
the people of the country have punished the congress for its politics of character assassination and the congress could save its reputation in only sarangpur.
it got routed out from the rest of seats, sahasrabuddhe told reporters.
he also argued that this is the victory of development-oriented programs of shivraj singh chouhan, good governance and the growth.
though the bjp has been winning civic body elections, the polls to the last 10 happened after the controversy over vyapam scam owing to series of mysterious deaths.
member of parliament nandkumar singh chouhan claimed that never ever in the states electoral history congress was reduced virtually to zero as it happened this time.
cong chief to talk parl strategy with mps ahead of all-party meetnew delhi, aug 1, 2015, (pti) 14:54 istcongress chief sonia gandhi is expected to lay out the party's strategy in parliament on monday, ahead of an all-party meet called by the bjp-led government to break the logjam that has hit legislative work during what has been a rocky monsoon session.
gandhi will be addressing a meeting of the general body of the congress parliamentary party on monday morning before the start of the third week of the current session, which has so far been a stalled affair due to opposition parties' protests over the lalit modi controversy and vyapam scam.
this will be the first meeting of the cpp general body in the monsoon session, which has seen an aggresive congress seekingfrom day one the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
congress has already said that its participation in an all -party meeting to break the two-week-long deadlock in parliament depends on a tangible proposal from prime minister narendra modi on the opposition's demands.
we are not interested in a mere photo-op, tea and sandwiches.
the pm must first tell us what action is being taken on our demands, senior congress spokesman anand sharma had said yesterday.
the government will call an all-party meeting on monday in a bid to break the parliament logjam.
it has accused congress of hurting the country by blocking the passage of key reform bills like gst with its relentless protests.
last updated: 26 january, 2011jammu/srinagar, jan 26 (pti) 19:21 istreleased from custody after their high-pitched campaign for hoisting the national flag in srinagar's lal chowk was thwarted, bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley accused the omar abdullah government of ''surrendering'' to separatists.
seven bjp activists were arrested in srinagar for attempting to hoist the tricolour at lal chowk which had been turned into a fortress while party cadres in jammu attacked a car of national conference minister after a press conference by swaraj and jaitley.
india completes 61 years of being a republic.
this is the first republic day after emergency when leaders of opposition of both houses of parliament were kept under arrest.
we were taken into custody for wanting to hoist the tricolour in our own state of j and k. is that a crime ?
she asked.
jaitley said both the centre and the state government wanted to send a message to the separatists that the bjp leaders have been stopped to appease them.
the two leaders held a press conference along with anant kumar soon after being released in kathua by the state government in the afternoon.
my first question to the government is what kind of a republic is this ?
asked swaraj.
she rubbished the invitation extended over phone by the chief minister to jaitley asking the bjp leaders to participate in the republic day celebrations in srinagar.
was he not aware that we were under arrest ?
she asked adding, our invitation is that you (omar) join us and unfurl the national flag at lal chowk, she said.
describing as unfortunate the detention of senior leaders, bjp president nitin gadkari also rubbished charges that the party was playing politics over hoisting the national flag.
some people say there is politics in hoisting the national flag at lal chowk.
i don't understand what politics can there be in hoisting the flag.
.
.
this is not politics, gadkari told reporters on the sidelines of the national flag hoisting function at the bjp headquarters in delhi.
he alleged that the centre and omar government were bowing to pressure from the separatists.
likening bjp's plan to hoist the flag to party ideologue shyama prasad mukherjee's kashmir campaign, senior leader l k advani said the agitation has brought to the forefront the issue of fully integrating j-k with the rest of the country.
police in srinagar arrested seven bjp activists as they made a vain bid to hoist the national flag.
a lone bjp supporter appeared at regal chowk, less than 100 yards away from clock tower at lal chowk, carrying the tricolour at 8.
30 am, officials said.
srikant, a resident of gurgaon in haryana, was apprehended by police personnel before he could make his way to the venue for hoisting the flag.
he was taken to kothibagh police station.
six other bjp activists were arrested near a prominent hotel here for violating prohibitory orders at around 11.
00 am, the officials said.
those who have been arrested in jammu and kashmir have brought this issue before the whole country.
i think our yuva morcha and our two leaders in parliament (swaraj and jaitley) have gone there and what they have done with a lot of courage has brought this issue and that of unifying the whole of kashmir to the forefront, said advani.
advani recalled the movement launched by mukherjee to unify the whole of kashmir with the rest of india and the nda regime's amendment of the flag code allowing all indians the right to hoist the tricolour on all days.
it is a result of this that we have started this agitation so that we can say that we have unfurled the flag at lal chowk, he told reporters after unfurling the tricolour at his residence on republic day.
in the early 1950s, mukherjee had launched an agitation against the permit system to visit jammu and kashmir and a separate flag and constitution for the state.
he was arrested after his entry into j-k and died while in jail.
i want to say that republic day is a day which should make every indian feel proud of being an indian.
.
.
feel proud of the idea of india, of it being a secular democracy, he saidwhatever happened yesterday in j-k reminds us of mukherjee's sacrifice and the kashmir agitation he started to fully integrate it with india.
we should keep working in this direction.
.
.
it also reminds me that the nda government amended the flag code to give every citizen the right to hoist the tricolour from january 26, 2002 onwards, he said.
at least 16 separatist leaders, including jklf chairman yasin malik, were arrested in srinagar as they tried to march towards lal chowk.
malik and other leaders including bilal gandi lone and moderate hurriyat leader shahidul islam were arrested around noon, a jklf spokesman said.
the bjp's controversial ekta yatra was stopped as it entered jammu yesterday after crossing the one-kilometre bridge that joins madhopur in punjab with lakhanpur in j-k.
swaraj and jaitley were on a rath (chariot) leading party supporters, many of them, waving the national flag before they were arrested.
they were moved to a hotel after they were taken into custody.
the bjp trio had planned to enter jammu and then make their way to srinagar to unfurl the national flag at lal chowk.
both the state government and the centre had made it clear this would not be allowed on the grounds that it could precipitate the situation in the kashmir valley.
the authorities had also taken into consideration the threat by separatists who had warned that they would take on the bjp with a march of their own to lal chowk.
speaking to reporters in kathua, 70 kms from jammu, bjp's youth wing national president anurag thakur said omar's invitation to party leaders to attend republic day function either in jammu or in srinagar was a mere lip service.
it is a lip service by him (omar).
we do not give credence to it and turn it down, he said.
meanwhile, former party president rajnath singh ended his hunger strike over the issue in delhi this morning after gadkari requested him to do so.
jaitley termed the stopping of flag hosting yatra as pyschological and idealogical surrender of the centre and omar government before kashmiri separatists.
the state and central government wanted to give a message to separatists that they have stopped the yatra from entering j-k to please the separatists, he later told a public rally hosted by state bjp to welcome them after their release.
lashing out at the omar government for thwarting bjp's plan, he said this is first instance since independence (1947) that taking in hand a national flag or hoisting a tricolour has become a crime in j&k.
it is total surrender of the state government.
it is psychological and idealogical surrender to the separatists, he saidhe said, we now have the misfortune of being abducted by the state government at midnight.
if anyone is taken forcibly, it is called abduction.
you cannot extern opposition leader on the plea of security.
after 6 hours without any written order we were bundled in cars and sent out of the state.
it is a serious crime.
referring to the yatra, he said that it passed off peacefully in 12 statesn.
it has started an ideological debate over the kashmir policy.
anant kumar said lal chowk had been turned into lahore chowk by the state government by not allowing hoisting of the tricolour.
he said the state government had allowed separatists to unfurl the pakistan' flag at lal chowk last summer.
new delhi, dec 20, 2015 (pti) 21:56 istbritish actor orlando bloom was today deported to the uk soon after his arrival here as his e-visa had been rejected following which external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj came to his help to get a visa.
the 38-year-old actor, who was invited by the uttar pradesh government for a state event, was told after he landed here that his e-visa has been rejected and subsequently, he was deported, according to sources.
following this, former samajwadi party leader amar singh spoke to swaraj seeking her intervention in the matter, they said.
the minister asked the foreign secretary to speak to the indian high commissioner in london to issue a 'tatkal' (urgent) visa to the british actor so that he could attend the state function, the sources said.
following the direction, the actor was granted visa.
the british actor rose to fame after his performance in the lord of the rings trilogy.
his best-known roles include legolas in the lord of the rings and hobbit trilogies, will turner in the pirates of the caribbean series, paris in troy, and balian de ibelin in kingdom of heaven.
poojary challenges centre to waive farmer loansmangaluru, june 27, 2015, dhns: 23:18 istformer union finance minister b janardhan poojary charged bjp and jd(s) of playing politics with farmers problems and challenged centre to waive the loans of farmers if they have real concern over farmers.
the upa government had waived rs 72,000 crore loans of farmers.
now, all mps from the state including yeddyurappa, shobha karandlaje and h d deve gowda should demand for the same.
briefing reporters, on saturday, he said the murder complaint against chief minister regarding the suicide of three farmers in mandya is intolerable.
former chief ministers b s yeddyurapppa or h d kumaraswamy can only tell who are behind these complaints.
the cm has come from farming community and knows their difficulties.
the state government has spent around rs 22,000 crore on irrigation, waived farmers loans and distributed free rice to bpl card holders, which was never done during h d kumaraswamys tenure, he said.
firs have been filed against b s yeddyurappa and hdk, and they want to divert the attention of people.
the padayatra of hdk is part of it, but people are not fools, poojary said.
on the statement of horticulture & agro marketing minister shamanur shivashankarappa against seizing sugar from factories, poojary said shivashankarappa is aged.
janardhan poojary said no one is no 1 mp by spending rs 5 crore grant of the government.
the true achievement is fighting for people inside and outside parliament and parliament itself recognises your achievement.
what is the performance of bjp or deve gowda in parliamentwhat they have done for farmers?
if you put flexes for publicity, people are not fools to believe it, he said.
janardhana poojary opined that all parties have corrupt politicians except communist party.
he came down heavily against prime minister narendra modi and alleged that modi, who had promised of corruption-free administration is now protecting corrupts and criminals.
in spite of knowing that lalit modi was a criminal, involved in black money transfer and who violated prevention of corruption act, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has supported him.
whether she asked about enforcement directorate investigation or took permission from the prime minister, he asked.
rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje submitted an affidavit in support of lalit modi blaming indian government and its law.
its nothing but sedition.
vasundhara raje and sushmaswaraj swaraj should resign.
why the prime minister is mum about these issues and not asking resignation of vasundhara raje.
they used to call manmohan singh as mouni, but what happened to modi?
is he doing yoga, he asked.
maharastra women and child development minister pankaja munde is involved in 206 crore scam and distributed 24 contracts in 24 hours without tender.
madhya pradesh cm shivaraj singh chauhan is facing the heat of vyapam scam, where engineering and medical entrance test norms were violated.
out of 2,536 accused in the case, bjp leader uma bharati, rss leaders sudarshan and suresh seni are also involved.
around 36 accused in the case have been died in suspicious circumstances, he said.
who said what on lokpallast updated: 27 december, 2011new delhi, dec 27 (ians) 13:43 istthe indian parliament tuesday debated the contentious lokpal bill even as anna hazare began his three-day fast in mumbai to demand a strong anti-corruption law.
here are some of the quotes from the debate in the lok sabha and from those gathered at hazare's fast.
prime minister manmohan singh: the task of legislation is very serious business and must eventually be performed by all of us who have been constitutionally assigned this duty.
others can persuade and have their voices heard.
but the decision must rest with us.
i believe that the cbi should function independently of the lokpal.
i also believe that the cbi should function independently of the government.
but independence does not mean absence of accountability.
anna hazare: government is betraying us.
i will campaign against the government in five poll-bound states.
it's time for us to make sacrifice and fight against corruption.
i am not afraid of dying.
i have decided that when i die it will be for the country and as long as i live i will work for the betterment of this country.
sushma swaraj, leader of opposition in the lok sabha: it is patently unconstitutional (bill).
.
.
deeply flawed and tampers with the basics of our constitution.
what we are doing today is not good for india.
india was divided on the basis of religion.
the idea of reservation on the basis of religion had then sown the seeds of division of india.
you are sowing the second seed for another division.
human resource development minister kapil sibal: bjp wants that this bill does not get passed.
.
.
their politics is not to allow lokpal.
tell that government is bringing a weak lokpal and then go to the election-bound states.
they have nothing to do with strong lokpal.
if the bill is passed, it will be written in golden letters.
if it is defeated, the people will not forgive you.
nationalist congress party leader supriya sule: we agree with the shiv sena.
we don't want the prime minister to be accountable to anybody.
i am very proud of the leader of our country.
lokpal may not be a solution to all our problems but it is a step in the right direction.
it is a healthy baby but don't make it obese by giving it more work than it can cope with.
communist party india-marxist leader basudeb acharia: there are lots of deficiencies in this (government) bill.
we demand a strong, effective and credible lokpal.
we should enact a legislation accordingly.
the bill that we are discussing has a whole lot of loopholes.
rashtriya janata dal leader lalu prasad: don't ignore amendments, send (bill) to standing committee, skies will not fall if it is not passed immediately.
when i was with the standing committee, i tried to know what was the qualification for being a lokpal.
i cannot find anyone more suitable than you (manmohan singh).
we will make you the lokpal.
trinamool congress's kalyan banerjee: the bill encroaches upon the federal structure of constitution.
don't undermine the state legislatures.
it would be a dangerous proposition.
we are all fighting against corruption.
team anna member arvind kejriwal: we are appealing to parliament with folded hands to dump this useless lokpal and accept our jan lokpal bill.
new delhi, dec 22, 2015 (pti) 21:23 istmounting a fierce attack on prime minister narendra modi, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal today demanded his resignation over what he termed was a flop raid by the cbi at the delhi secretariat to protect finance minister arun jaitley in the alleged ddca scam.
calling december 15, when cbi conducted the raid at the office of his principal secretary rajendra kumar, a black day, kejriwal tore into modi and dared him to act against madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, his rajasthan counterpart vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
kejriwal also defended rajendra kumar against allegations of graft committed in his official capacity under the erstwhile sheila dikshit government.
he's being mentally harassed.
cbi has got nothing against him in the last eight days.
if i can remove my minister and babu for committing corruption, it is also my duty to protect honest officers, he said participating in a discussion in the state assembly on the situation arising out of the raid at the delhi secretariat and alleged corruption in delhi and district cricket association under jaitley's watch.
kumar was seated in the officers' gallery of the assembly during the proceedings.
prime minister should be ashamed of himself over the raids, kejriwal said and went on to take a series of jibes at modi over rs 10 lakh suit and foreign trips.
he is fulfilling his dreams now as earlier he did not get a visa.
delhi is all right whenever he is out of the city.
whenever he's back everything goes haywire, kejriwal said speaking during the one-day special session of the assembly which passed a resolution to constitute a commission of inquiry to probe alleged corruption in ddca.
i seek the prime minister's resignation for conducting such a flop raid and for misusing the cbi.
if he uses the cbi to get any file then the country will have no democracy left.
tomorrow there can be raids on any chief minister.
this is dangerous for the country's federal structure, kejriwal said.
the chief minister, against whom jaitley has filed both civil and criminal defamation suits, further alleged that the cbi was specifically looking for a file containing a note with incriminating details.
a ddca whistle blower used to meet me.
that officer told me that there was a meeting of ddca officials, where jaitley had told them no not worry about sfio as he will get it compounded.
he (jaitley) said that he will ensure quashing of cases that come to delhi police and, if aap sets up a commission of inquiry, he will get it null and void through 'our special man' lg.
it was written in that file, kejriwal calimed.
kejriwal claimed the prime minister was still not able to get over the pain of losing the delhi assembly elections.
delhi assembly today passed a motion moved by deputy chief minister manish sisodia against cbi raid at delhi secretariat, condeming the centre for its alleged high handedness and adding it was in violation of the federal structureand the spirit of the constitution.
we are constantly seeking pm's cooperation and for this, i have met two-three times and told him we don't need money, and instead, we want him not to put hurdles to our works.
.
give us delhi for a year and will fulfil your dreams, kejriwal said.
the delhi chief minister termed the cbi raid at his office as dangerous for the country's federal structure.
kejriwal claimed it was within the government's powers to set up a commission of inquiry to probe alleged corruption in the state's cricket body.
we have the right to probe the irrregularities in sports, player slection, stadium construction.
everyone is admitting that there was a scam.
.
.
we have power to set up such commission.
in the past, we set up a commission of inquiry over the transport scam involving former cm and her officials, but mha later declared it null and void as lg was getting implicated in it.
mha has no power to declare our commission of inquiry null and void, he said.
refering to jaitley's lawsuit, kejriwal said he was surprised as to how a lawyer (jaitley) could hurt himself because the union minister will be crossed examine by our lawyers for almost one year.
next pre-summoning evidence on january 5.
we want the court to summon us.
we will go and trial will begin.
his (jaitley) cross examinitauion will strtech for a year.
by filing defamation case, he has hurt himself, kejriwal added.
noted criminal lawyer ram jethmalani will represent delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal in the civil and criminal defamation suits filed against him by jaitley.
jaitley had yesterday filed both civil and criminal defamation cases against kejriwal and five other aap leaders for allegedly defaming him and sought rs 10 crores in damages and their prosecution for offences that entail a punishment of upto two years in jail.
congress releases raje's 'signed' affidavitnew delhi, june 25, 2015, dhns: 2:00 istthe congress on wednesday released a signed version of vasundhara rajes secret affidavit to british authorities supporting former ipl chairman lalit modis plea for leave to remain in the uk and said she had no other option left now but to step down as rajasthan chief minister.
she had been lying all along.
initially, she said she was not aware of any such document.
later, she said she did not remember (anything about such document).
now, the document signed by her is out in open.
the rajasthan chief minister should immediately resign, senior congress leader jairam ramesh told reporters, while releasing a copy of the document.
raje has been in the eye of the storm since an unsigned document released by lalits public relation team brought to light that she supported the former ipl chiefs residency application.
he said the bjp and rss, too, should not have any problem as they were earlier defending raje on the ground that the affidavit, released to media, did not bear her signature.
there is no need for any more evidence.
the document bears rajes signature.
it is not at all a fake signature.
she signed it on august 18, 2011.
raje stands thoroughly exposed.
earlier, the bjp said that raje would resign if she signed any such document.
now, the document signed by her is in front of you (bjp).
we expect that raje resigns on moral grounds in the next few hours, not only for breaking four different laws but also for lying to the country, ramesh added.
the congress leader also urged prime minister narendra modi to come out of his shell and ask raje to step down.
after rajes resignation, hrd minister smriti irani should resign and then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
i know, it is difficult for a silent prime minister to take three resignations at a time but there is no other option left for him when he talks about morality and zero tolerance (towards misconduct), he should seek resignations from them, ramesh said.
according to the copy of the affidavit, raje extended her support to lalits residency application on the strict condition that her assistance should not be made known to indian authorities.
however, the minister did not disclose the name of the congress leader, saying she would do so in parliament.
a senior congress leader was pressing me hard to give diplomatic passport to coal scam accused santosh bagrodia.
i will disclose name of the leader on the floor of the house, swaraj tweeted.
bagrodia, who is a former minister of state for coal, was yesterday summoned as accused by a special court in a coal scam case pertaining to allocation of maharashtra's bander coal block to amr iron and steel pvt ltd.swaraj is facing ire of the opposition led by congress which is demanding her resignation for helping controversial former ipl chief lalit modi get travel documents.
the congress yesterday disrupted rajya sabha over the issue on the opening day of the monsoon session.
it rejected the government offer of a statement by swaraj and a debate, saying she must resign first.
ashok k kantha, may 14 2017, 0:55 istxi's big dream: strategically converges domestic imperatives for growth with global leadership aspirationsthe silk road economic belt and the 21st century maritime silk road, launched in late 2013, is the signature project of chinese president xi jinping.
now re-designated as the belt and road initiative (bri), it is one of the most ambitious programmes ever rolled out by any government.
the belt and road forum being held in beijing on may 14-15 showcases its achievements to 28 foreign heads of state and government, as also delegations from other countries.
no official participation from india has been announced so far.
backed by huge resources, bri has acquired overarching importance in foreign policy and domestic domains of china.
as it has xis personal imprimatur, a wide range of ongoing projects and activities have been folded into the grand narrative of the bri, with its contours still evolving.
though said to cover nearly 60 countries, bri was conceived entirely by china without any prior consultation with potential partner countries, and certainly not with india.
it strategically converges domestic imperatives for growth and economic rebalancing with global aspirations of leadership.
china needs new growth engines for its slowing economy, and must deploy its huge surplus capacities in sectors such as steel, machinery and infrastructure.
as it moves up the value chain, it requires new markets and more productive use of its foreign exchange reserves.
other considerations include internationalisation of the renminbi, development and stabilisation of its restive western regions, and protection of sea routes carrying its oil needs and other merchandise.
thus, the chinese government is unfurling two separate narratives of the bri  the domestic story highlighting internal gains and the external win-win story of great economic benefits to partner countries through more infrastructure, trade and investment.
in actual fact, the track record of chinese companies in, say, africa and sri lanka is far from being stellar and is generating backlash.
projects are mostly being funded through not-so-concessional loans and many white elephants with dubious economic value and viability are being reared.
recent reports suggest that investments under the bri do not quite match the hype, and may have even declined in 2016 over the previous year.
the bri is more than about connectivity across land and maritime space.
it is also a geostrategic initiative aimed at shaping chinas periphery and carving out a continental-cum-maritime realm with china as the anchor, sutradhar and central player.
it is an initiative for achieving chinas geopolitical objectives by binding neighbouring countries more closely to its growth.
china is steadily putting in place a universe of institutions led by it and will progressively seek to influence the setting of rules and standards in its extended periphery.
above all, bri is a key instrument to realise the chinese dream of great rejuvenation of the chinese nation.
this involves fostering the countrys role as a leading power in the world, a leader which helps shape and guide the global governance system, is a rule setter, and safeguards its core interests.
chinese officials are strenuously playing down the strategic component of bri, repackaging it as an initiative rather than a strategy.
however, the change of nomenclature does not alter the nature of this grand enterprise.
given the geopolitical underpinnings of bri, an important question is whether india can join it as a junior partner.
our response to bri is determined by our assessment of its nature and its implications, and, not surprisingly, has not been enthusiastic.
the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec), the flagship project of both land and maritime dimensions of bri and its most advanced component, passes through pakistan-occupied-kashmir.
indias reservations regarding cpec go beyond our sovereignty-related concerns.
from chinas perspective, the main drivers of cpec are geostrategic, as it lacks economic rationale.
it will bolster strategic and military capabilities of both china and pakistan and affect indias security environment.
this can stem from the likely chinese naval presence at gwadar port, military use of the upgraded karakoram highway, closer strategic linkages between china and pakistan, and so on.
india has repeatedly conveyed its strong objections regarding cpec to china, including at the highest level.
as a country which projects its territorial claims as its core interests, china should have no difficulty in appreciating indias sensitivities.
apart from cpec, india also has misgivings about the manner in which bri is being pursued in its neighbourhood.
many commentators have pointed out that the unstated objective of the maritime silk road is to consolidate china as a maritime power in the south china sea and the indian ocean.
for instance, several ports are being developed and would be under chinese operational control, raising valid concerns in india.
unilateral initiativebeginning with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs meeting with foreign minister wang yi in beijing in february 2015, the chinese have been told that bri is their unilateral initiative, not involving prior consultation with india, and that our endorsement should not be expected.
however, there is space to work together.
india, like japan and the association of south east asian nations (asean), is pursuing connectivity and developmental projects in asia.
as such, it undertakes joint projects with many countries in the asian region, including china.
this is a pragmatic approach based on objectives and interests that coincide.
for example, convergence of interests led to india joining the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib) as the second largest shareholder after china.
significantly, india was fully involved in the multilateral process of crafting the architecture of aiib.
similarly, the indian industry could explore bri projects that are open for international competitive bidding, as also upcoming aiib-funded projects.
india can also utilise infrastructure being developed by china.
for instance, india, iran and afghanistan are building a maritime road-rail link to central asia through irans chabahar port.
this could link up with chinese-built routes to access central asia and russia as well as europe.
this will be an example of win-win cooperation, as the chinese are fond of saying.
india and china are also part of the bangladesh-china-india-myanmar economic corridor, a sub-regional economic cooperation initiative.
while china has been repositioning it as a part of bri, it commenced much earlier with all participants as equal partners and should not be considered as a sub-loop under the mega chinese initiative.
india neither needs to endorse nor be part of chinas re-labelling of some ongoing initiatives.
in the larger regional theatre, however, both countries can cooperate where there are synergies, as they are doing in the aiib.
indias substantive concerns on the bri need to be addressed, and new delhi expects china to take its sensitivities into account while formulating plans.
clearly, there is room for closer strategic consultations between china and india on the objectives, contours and future directions of this mega enterprise.
india-china should think out of box to resolve issues: mediabeijing, may 15, 2015 (pti) 16:56 istindia and china should think out of the box to resolve issues as their ties are still vulnerable to many sensitive matters due to lack of trust despite the bonhomie between prime minister narendra modi and president xi jinping, a state-run chinese newspaper said today.
it will be long term test for china and india to get rid of distractions imposed by west and stick to a path which can benefit the national interest of both sides, state-run global times said.
in an editorial titled 'sino-indian ties can conquer west's doubts', the paper said, china and india should think out of the box where delusions of persecution prevail.
otherwise, cooperation can scarcely be conducted and only distrust and hostility are rife.
both china and india displayed more pragmatism.
they know the difficulty of addressing border disputes and no side expects the solution can only be achieved through a life or death battle, it said.
the paper said that defining a relationship between two neighbouring raising powers is new to international relations.
it is hard for china and india to develop a strategic partnership, but it will be dreadful for both sides to vie with each other, it said.
the fundamental interests of china and india require peace, goodwill and cooperation.
no side should look at the other with contempt or arrogance and on the problems should be addressed between the two with no need to introduce a third party, it said.
noting that modi's visit gives another push to the development of bilateral relations after xi's visit to india last september, the paper said that we should expect more progress in the future.
in another article in the global times, y a liu zongy, assistant research fellow of shanghai institutes for international studies said, the boundary dispute has become a conundrum affecting bilateral ties and both countries should work out a code of conduct if the issue is not resolved.
the boundary disputes are a conundrum in the bilateral relationship.
if it can't be solved at an earlier date, the two sides should more closely stick to the code of conduct they reached before, the article said.
during her china trip in january, indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had proposed that both sides should think out of the box for solutions to the border issue.
it is not clear what such solutions are but we hope border contention will not affect the bilateral cooperation.
.
.
realising regional security, including the stability in afghanistan and the security in the indian ocean, requires concerted efforts from both china and india, it added.
yoga day celebrations at un to be broadcast at times squareunited nations, jun 9, 2015, (pti) 15:12 istthe celebrations commemorating the first international day of yoga here, to be presided over by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, will be broadcast at times square to a global audience.
the un will commemorate the inaugural international yoga day on june 21 with un secretary general ban ki-moon and general assembly president sam kutesa gracing the occasion.
the india-led celebrations will also feature a special lecture and demonstration by art of living founder sri sri ravi shankar.
the celebrations at the world body's headquarters would be broadcast to an audience of thousands at times square, considered the global crossroads in the heart of manhattan.
another celebration of the solstice day would be observed at times square on june 21 with thousands performing yoga exercises, according to the indian mission to the un here.
prime minister narendra modi's historic address to the indian-american community from the iconic madison square garden last year was also telecast live on the giant electronic billboards dotting times square.
several indian-american and other ethnic organisations have joined hands to commemorate the first yoga day here.
overseas volunteers for better india (ovbi) will be organising yogathon events across 100 us citiesand more than 70 organisations have joined the campaign.
the un general assembly had last year overwhelmingly adopted a draft resolution, declaring june 21 as international yoga day.
a record 177 countries had co-sponsored the resolution.
the idea for declaring an international day of yoga at the united nations was formally proposed by prime minister modi in his maiden address to the 69th general assembly session in september last year.
he had indicated that june 21, one of the two solstices, which is the longest day in the northern hemisphere, has special significance in many parts of the world, and could be considered for adoption as the international day of yoga by the united nations each year.
following modi's un address, the permanent mission of india had convened three rounds of informal consultations with all 193 member states of the united nations.
a final text of the resolution, on which all the participating countries agreed, was reached on october 22.
scotland yard has no knowledge of threat to lalit modilondon, june 19, 2015 (ians) 16:54 istscotland yard, london's metropolitan police authority, has no knowledge of any threat to lalit modi, the former commissioner of the indian premier league who has allegedly been avoiding returning to india to face interrogation by the indian finance ministry's enforcement directorate and other authorities, raymedia reported on friday.
on november 26, 2010, following his move from india to britain that year, scotland yard was asked by ray about its threat perceptions in respect of modi.
the yard replied: we have no knowledge of any threat to mr modi.
on thursday, the official response was: we do not discuss matters of security or the identity of individuals involved.
however, a source at scotland yard on condition of anonymity affirmed: nothing has changed.
in other words, the yard still has no knowledge of any threat to modi.
in response to notices served on him by investigating agencies in india to make himself available for questioning, modi has claimed his life would be in danger if he returned to india.
but he does not appear to have informed the yard about such threats or sought its protection.
since sunday, modi has contributed to a political storm in india by dragging its external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief minister of rajasthan vasundhara raje into his efforts to obtain travel papers from the british government and residence in this country respectively.
earlier, under the congress-led indian government, his passport was confiscated and the indian government in a diplomatic note to its british counterpart sought his deportation back to india, where he has been served show-cause notices in at least 15 cases of alleged economic or criminal offences.
modi is now reportedly holidaying in montenegro.
last updated: 13 october, 2011abhay kumar, patna, oct 12, dhns: 0:25 istas l k advani completed his jan chetna yatra in bihar on wednesday evening, before entering uttar pradesh, one thing has gone unnoticed.
his 38-day-long yatra, which began amid hype and hoopla, appears to be jinxed.
soon after his rath, an isuzu bus (equipped with a sky lift and communication facilities, including television, computer and public address system), was flagged off at chapra on tuesday, two of the seniormost bjp leaders  sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitleyfell ill and could not join advani at the rally organised at the historic gandhi maidan in patna on tuesday night.
jaitley, who is reportedly diabetic, perhaps could not take the heat due to dehydration.
sushma, too, suffered a similar problem and was advised rest after a gruelling trip from sitabdiara to patna.
senior bjp leader from karnataka ananth kumar, however, explained their illness on wednesday when he said on the sidelines of advanis press meet that the exhaust of the bus had developed a snag.
as a result, the carbon monoxide discharged from the bus air-conditioner made the two leaders restless, kumar clarified.
but the jinx theory did not stop here.
after the bus, prepared in pune (and which has two beds and a chamber to interact with party colleagues and media) was replaced, advani and his entourage left for ara en route buxar on wednesday.
his huge bus (read rath) got stuck on the koelwar bridge.
after great effort by party workers and district officials, the high-rise rath negotiated the rail-cum-road bridge in the next 45 minutes.
the veteran bjp leader, however, expressed his immense pleasure over the rousing welcome he had been receiving ever since the yatra began.
never in my life, not even during the ram rath yatra, i got such a warm welcome, the bharatiya janata party patriarch said in ara.
earlier in patna, before embarking on the next leg of his journey on wednesday, advani asked the united progressive alliance government to issue a white paper on black money, and demanded that the centre make a concerted attempt to bring back the unaccounted money stashed away in foreign banks.
quoting a global financial integrity report, advani said, the present value of indias total illicit financial flows is at least rs 25,000 crore.
sincere effort should be made by the union government to bring back the money parked offshore.
on whether he was a prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 polls, the former deputy prime minister said: i am not the one who will decide this.
the issue of prime ministership will be decided by the party.
the man behind the big fat indian weddinggeeta pandey, dec 26, 2016, inyt 23:37 istin november, as millions of indians were grappling with a cashflow crisis, a lavish wedding in bengaluru sparked outrage.
the bbcs geeta pandey profiles the man behind the wedding, the father of the bride, businessman and ex-state minister gali janardhana reddy.
five days after the government scrapped rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes in a crackdown on illegal money, rumah rasaque spent most of her sunday standing in the queue outside a cash machine in bengaluru to withdraw rs 2,000  the maximum allowed in a day under the new rules.
all the chatter in the queue was around this wedding.
we had all seen videos of the invitation card and wedding preparations on social media and since we were all having trouble getting cash, everyone was wondering where reddy was getting money to pay for his daughters wedding?
it seemed inherently unfair, said rasaque, who works with an it firm in the city.
even without demonetisation, it was obscene, but in the current scenario, it became truly absurd.
it was undoubtedly among indias most extravagant weddings, initially estimated to have cost about rs 500 crore ($74m; 59m).
in the following weeks, that estimate was revised downwards, but the five-day nuptials were no ordinary affair, considering the gold-plated invitation cards, the 50,000 guests and the samba dancers flown in from brazil to wow the crowds.
the man who paid for this extravagant wedding was gali janardhana reddy  mining czar and former karnataka tourism minister who spent three years in jail on corruption charges, until he was freed on bail last year.
reddy denies the allegations against him, and has not been convicted of any offences.
income tax raidfollowing the criticism of the big fat wedding, income-tax officials raided his mining company in bellary, 300 km from bengaluru.
over the next few days, several of his other properties were also raided.
he was also sent a questionnaire, asking him to give details of the wedding expenses.
reddy was quoted as saying that he had mortgaged properties in bengaluru and singapore to raise money for the wedding and that all payments were made six months ago when the planning started.
however, some in karnataka were not convinced by his explanation.
the wedding has been paid for by ill-gotten wealth, political activist s r hiremath, who filed a corruption case against reddy in the supreme court, told the bbc.
i can say this with the same certainty that you can say about the existence of the sun or the moon.
describing the celebration as a vulgar display of wealth, he said: while people were queuing up for rs 2,000 and rs 4,000, this is unacceptable that he spends rs 200 crore to rs 500 crore on the wedding.
the son of a police constable, reddys rise to one of the richest men in karnataka has been rather swift.
and also, mired in controversy.
justice santosh hegde, a retired supreme court judge and former karnataka lokayukta, who had investigated reddy for illegal mining since 2007, said that he had very obviously taken the state for a ride.
reddy has denied any wrongdoing.
in a report he submitted in july 2011, justice hegde said that best quality iron ore was extracted from bellary mines and exported to china for rs 6,500 to rs 7,000 a tonne while the state received a mere rs 27 as royalty.
this extraction, the report estimated, had cost the government rs 161 crore ($3.
6bn) in lost royalty alone.
justice hegde says the former minister owns many buildings and apartments in bengaluru, and holds money in offshore accounts.
born in andhra pradesh, reddy never had a college education.
he started a chit fund business in the 1990s and although the company failed, he managed to win plum iron ore mining contracts.
he first shot into the limelight during the general elections in 1999 when he campaigned for senior bjp leader and now external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
justice hegde says along with his two brothers, g karunakara reddy and g somashekara reddy, janardhan reddy ran bellary like their personal fief.
when the mining scandal broke, two of the three brothers were cabinet ministers in the state government.
the republic of bellaryin his report, justice hegde has titled the chapter on reddy the republic of bellary  a place where no indian law applied.
through illegal mining, he destroyed the state boundary, he blasted an ancient temple.
the list of his misdemeanours is long.
on the basis of justice hegdes report, reddy was arrested in september 2011.
he tried hard to secure bail, so much so that he allegedly tried to bribe a judge.
the money was seized and three judges were arrested in what came to be known as cash for bail scam.
reddy hasnt commented on the allegations.
he was finally released on bail last year and was ordered by the supreme court to stay out of bellary, except for a brief period during the wedding when he was allowed to visit the town.
the extravagant wedding made waves; it also brought in more scandal in its wake.
earlier this month, ramesh gowda, the driver of a bengaluru-based bureaucrat, killed himself, leaving a suicide note which blamed reddy for his death.
he alleged that he had received death threats because he had information on how reddy had allegedly converted rs 100 crore of black (illegal) money to pay for the wedding.
reddy hasnt reacted to this allegation.
the official has since been arrested and hiremath and his colleagues are petitioning the federal police to arrest reddy too.
if that happens, the celebrations could soon be over for him.
all set for next modi inningsahmedabad, dec 25, 2012, dhns 1:07 istas narendra modi takes charge as the gujarat chief minister for the third successive time on wednesday, the event will undoubtedly turn into a show of strength for the bjp.
the party top brass, besides some allies, including tamil nadu chief minister jayalalitha, will attend the swearing-in ceremony.
however, bihar chief minister nitish kumar will give the event a miss.
the sardar patel stadium has been decked up for the occasion with arrangements being made to accommodate one lakh people.
a large number of security personnel have been deployed at the venue, taking into account an overwhelming vvip presence.
bjp leaders l k advani, arun jailtely and sushmaswaraj swaraj are expected to attend, beside punjab chief minister parkash singh badal.
considering the bitter relationship with nitish kumar, jd (u) presence is most unlikely.
bjp sources said: the bihar chief minister was not invited, though the jd(u) has been sent an invitation.
kumar has been resisting any move to project modi as the ndas prime ministerial candidate.
the bjp, which is an ally of the jd(u) in bihar, will send deputy chief minister sushil modifor to attend the swearing-in ceremony.
senior rss leaders are yet to confirm their attendance.
the sangh leaders in gujarat have been on a collision course with modi, though the chief minister tried to make amends recently as he met some senior sangh leaders after the elections.
with national leaders and chief ministers of various states slated to attend, security in the city have been tightened.
traffic diversions have been implemented in the city until the swearing-in is over.
modi invite sends tdp in a tizzyan invitation from gujarat cm narendra modi to actor and politician n bala krishna to attend his swearing in ceremony has created ripples in the telugu desam party (tdp), a former nda ally.
while naidu was invited since he knows modi personally, the inclusion of balakrishnas name in the invitees list by state bjp chief kishan reddy was a bit of a surprise.
however, sources said that party president chandrababu naidu who was also invited has decided against attending the event and advised balakrishna the same.
3 union ministers' assets go up in 5 monthsnew delhi, oct 25, 2014, agencies: 1:37 istsadananda gowda tops listthe assets of at least three union ministers have increased by more than rs 1 crore since assuming office, the national election watch (new) and the association of democratic reforms (adr) said in a joint statement on friday.
among the ministers who contested the 2014 lok sabha election, the highest increase in assets in five months has been shown by railways minister d v sadananda gowda.
his assets have shown an increase of rs 10.
46 crore (from rs 9.
88 crore as declared in lok sabha 2014 election to rs 20.
35 crore in the 2014 declarations of the union council of ministers to the pmo), the statement said.
it further said that gowda is followed by minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises radhakrishnan p who has shown an increase of rs 2.
98 crore and finance minister arun jaitley who showed an increase of rs 1.
01 crore.
further, 41 ministers or 91 per cent of the council of ministers, are crorepatis based on their declarations to the prime ministers office (pmo).
the highest assets have been declared by jaitley at rs 114.
03 crore, followed by harsimrat kaur badal (rs 108.
31 crore) and piyush goyal (rs 94.
66 crore).
the average assets of ministers according to their declarations on the pmo website is rs 14.
32 crore.
adr and new had in their analysis considered the election affidavits of union ministers for the 2014 lok sabha election and compared it with their asset declarations on the pmos website on october 10, for the comparison in terms of increase or decrease in wealth.
the statement said that 16 ministers have shown a decrease in assets.
the highest decrease has been shown by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who showed a decrease of rs3.
89 crore (from rs 17.
55 crore declared in the 2014 lok sabha election).
she is followed by minister of state for development of the north-eastern region v k singh who declared a decrease of rs 3.
13 crore (from 4.
11 crore declared in the 2014 lok sabha election).
he is followed by health minister harsh vardhan who declared a decrease of rs 1.
28 crore, the statement said.
upon analysis, it was found that the cause of changes in assets for many ministers is largely due to the lack of any standardised format for ministers asset declarations.
many ministers have not given the value for many assets declared.
not declaring the value of assets in the ministers declaration is akin to not making a disclosure at all, the statement said.
swaraj embarks on visit to indonesianew delhi, april 21, 2015 (pti) 11:30 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today embarked on a five-day visit to indonesia to attend the 60th commemoration of the historical 1955 asian-african conference, which became the stepping stone for setting up the non-aligned movement during cold war-era.
she will also attend the 10th anniversary celebrations of the new asian-african strategic partnership.
swaraj is accompanied by senior diplomats from the ministryfor the conference where important discussions will take place in jakarta and bandung.
the 1955 conference led by indonesia's independence hero sukarno galvanised global stalwarts like egypt's gamal abdel nasser and prime minister jawaharlal nehru, whose famous 'panchsheel' doctrine was incorporated in 10 principles of international peace and cooperation in declaration.
citing the budget session of parliament, prime minister narendra modi had expressed his inability to attend the commemoration which is expected to see participation of heads of states from major asian and african powers like china, japan, south africa among others.
he had written to indonesian president joko widodo expressing his regrets for not being able to attend the meet.
in the letter, the prime minister also invited widodo to visit india and said he was looking forward to visiting indonesia at a mutually convenient time.
asserting that he attaches extraordinary importance to bilateral relations with indonesia, modi had said there was much in our proximity, history, culture and now, the sheer democratic values and our roles as two major emerging asian nations that impart great strategic importance to our partnership.
noting that in these 60 years, asia has seen unprecedented economic progress, rise of democracy and elimination of poverty, modi said, yet it must still deal with unresolved questions and unsettled issues for enduring peace and prosperity in the region.
2 indian students killed in russian medical university firenew delhi: feb 16, 2016, pti 11:30 isttwo indian students were killed in a fire at a medical university in russia on sunday, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in tweets.
the minister also said: some students are injured.
they are out of danger.
the place is 400 kms from moscow.
our team has already reached there.
the fire broke out on the fourth floor of the dormitory of the smolensk medical academy, said the russian investigative committee.
two students were killed in their sleep; they were pooja kallur, 22, and karishma bhosale, 20, both from maharashtra.
they were fourth-year medicine students.
reports said pooja and karishma shared a room on the fourth floor of the six-storey hostel for indian students.
their families received calls from the families of other students on the fire and were told that the two were missing.
expressing condolences, ms swaraj said the remains of the students will be brought to mumbai today.
lok sabha mps concerned over racial attacks against indians in usnew delhi, mar 9, 2017, pti: 15:20 istopposition members asked the government to spell out in parliament how it plans to deal with the issue, prompting home minister rajnath singh to say that it has taken a serious note of these incidents and later assured that steps will be taken to ensure that 'indians abroad feel safe.
' pti photomembers in the lok sabha today expressed grave concern over hate crimes against indians in the us, with opposition parties questioning prime minister narendra modi's silence on the matter and the government saying it was being viewed seriously.
opposition members asked the government to spell out in parliament how it plans to deal with the issue, prompting home minister rajnath singh to say that it has taken a serious note of these incidents and later assured that steps will be taken to ensure that indians abroad feel safe.
singh also said the government will make a statement in parliament next week.
in the recent weeks, at least two indians have been killed in suspected cases of hate crime in the us.
after speaker sumitra mahajan disallowed adjournment notices given by several opposition members to raise the issue, they took up the matter during the zero hour.
leader of congress mallikarjun kharge accused the government of failure in raising the issue with the us, saying the recent spate of racial attacks was deeply disturbing and modi and his government had failed, as neither have they condemned the incidents, nor taken up the issue with the us at a high level.
why has the modi government maintained a silence.
the prime minister tweets on ever issue.
why has he kept quiet over such a serious matter, he said.
taking a dig at the prime minister, kharge said modi is seen hugging foreign leaders and sitting on a swing with chinese president xi jinping but has not taken up such an important issue.
saugata roy (trinamool congress) said the government does not seem to be interested in protecting the interests of indians in the us.
it is strange that our voluble, articulate prime minister is keeping silent, he said, adding that the government should show gumption and guts to stand up to bullies in the us.
both kharge and roy said hate crimes have seen a rise since donald trump took over as the us president.
bhartruhari mahtab (bjd) said the government should come out with an advisory for indian origin people living in the us, warning them about unsafe places in that country in the same way the us has put out a travel advisory, warning its citizens against visiting india.
responding to the short discussion during which several members voiced their concern over the issue, the home minister said the government views the concern seriously and all steps will be taken to ensure that indians abroad feel safe.
he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was unwell and the government will issue a detailed statement on the issue next week.
earlier during the question hour, the home minister had also said the government will make a statement in parliament next week.
what is happening in the us is being viewed seriously by the government, he said.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar had also said the government was very much concerned about such incidents in the us.
during the discussion, jithender reddy (trs) asked the government to take firm steps and inform parliament.
he also suggested that the government should have a dialogue with the us government and sought a proper a statement in this regard.
prem singh chandumajra of the shiromani akali dal (sad) said the sikhs were especially being targeted due to their attire and appearances.
attacking former prime minister manmohan singh, the sad mp said when there were talks of france imposing restriction for use of turbans for sikhs, the then upa government had failed to address the concerns of the community.
mohammad salim of the cpi(m) said the attacks on indians in the us are a results of the hate politics that was seen during american presidential elections.
he said the government should take up this matter with the highest authorities there and ensure that while it does defence deals with the united states, it should include clauses which will compel the us to come on the discussion table and address these issues.
raising a similar issue, m thambidurai, aiadmk mp and deputy speaker said uncertainity has been prevailing among indians abroad and the government should intervene and take steps so that the indians abroad feel safe.
yeddyurappa wants to join nda, writes to advanibangalore, oct 19, 2013, dhns: 0:51 istkarnataka janata party (kjp) president b s yeddyurappa has requested national democratic alliance chairman l k advani to make the kjp a partner in the bjp-led coalition.
the former chief minister wrote to advani on october 19, asking him to involve the kjp in all deliberations of the nda.
yeddyurappa is not in advanis good books.
but he has been praising modi and often said the gujarat chief minister was fit to become the prime minister.
interestingly, yeddyurappa has not mentioned advani anywhere.
he addressed the letter to the nda chairman and marked copies to senior leaders like rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and nitin gadkari.
yeddyurappas offer comes amid several kjp leaders repeated assertion that the party would not merge with the bjp.
the kjp wants to retain its identity, but would like a seat sharing arrangement before the lok sabha polls, he said.
the kjp would like to contest at least a dozen seats, he added.
yeddyurappa said the kjp was a recognised regional party, with six seats and a vote share of over 10 per cent.
in the kjps executive committee meeting on september 19, it was unanimously decided to support the nda in its endeavor of making narendra modi the future prime minister.
we, therefore, request you to consider us an alliance party of the nda and involve us in all the deliberations of the nda by inviting the kjp to all the meetings, he said.
yeddyurappa also promised full cooperation in making the nda a success in the elections.
meanwhile, modi has not expressed his views on yeddyurappas offer.
even the state bjp is divided over yeddyurappas re-entry.
report on maria-lalit modi meet submitted, cong slams top copmumbai, jun 23, 2015, (pti) 20:03 istmaharashtra additional chief secretary k p bakshi today submitted his report on mumbai police chief rakesh maria's meeting with tainted ex-ipl boss lalit modi to chief minister devendra fadnavis, based on which the government is soon expected to take a decision.
acs (home) k p bakshi has just submitted his report to devendra fadnavis.
the chief minister will receive the file within the next couple of hours.
after going through the report, the chief minister will not take much time to arrive at a decision, a senior home department official privy to the matter told pti this evening.
the official insisted that all rumours about maria's resignation or transfer are completely baseless.
earlier, fadnavis had said he would take an 0'appropriate decision' on the issue after getting the report from the home secretary, to whom maria had provided information on his meeting with lalit modi in july last year in london.
turning heat on the government on the issue, opposition congress dubbed the conduct of maria as inappropriate and demanded his resignation or suspension.
maria's response given yesterday is being studied by acs (home) k p bakshi.
i will take an appropriate decision after the file comes to me, fadnavis told pti.
maria, appointed to the top post when congress-ncp government was in power in maharashtra, submitted the information sought by the chief minister to bakshi last evening.
on saturday, after a news channel aired a photograph purportedly featuring maria with lalit modi, the mumbai police chief had admitted that he had indeed met the ex-ipl boss at the insistence of the latter's lawyer in london last year.
during the meeting, lalit modi sought the help of mumbai police in view of threat to his life by the underworld in london, maria said, adding he had apprised the then home minister (late r r patil of ncp) about the meeting soon after return.
fadnavis had on sunday said that based on maria's information, further course of action would be decided.
lalit modi, who is facing probe by enforcement directorate, is in news following revelations that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped him get a travel document in london.
meanwhile, opposition congress accused maria of inappropriate conduct in meeting lalit modi, who is facing charges of financial irregularities and is currently under ed scanner.
former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan, who has earlier said he was not briefed by maria of the meeting which happened during his tenure, said the senior ips officer was guilty of inappropriate conduct.
maria should reveal who asked him to meet lalit modi.
has he informed chief minister devendra fadnavis in his response?
it is up to the chief minister to take a call now, chavan said.
leader of opposition in the assembly radhakrishna vikhe patil of congress said: maria should quit his post or be suspended from service.
it was saddening to hear maria saying he had informed late r r patil, who was the home minister then.
patil is no more.
this does not behove well for a top ranking police officer as it is an administrative matter.
had maria given in writing to the then acs (home) about his meeting with lalit modi?
later, the acs (home) should have communicated in writing to the home minister about it, he maintained.
meanwhile, maria and bakshi, among other officers, attended a high-level meeting presided over by fadnavis to review security situation in maharashtra this evening.
new delhi, dec 11, 2014, (pti) : 16:13 istthe issues of conversion and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement that gita should be declared as a national scripture today created uproar in lok sabha, forcing adjournment for an hour.
the house was adjourned for lunch by speaker sumitra mahajan during zero hour, after congress member mohd bashir attacked swaraj saying her statement tantamounts to undermining the secular foundations of our democracy, leading to vociferous protests from the treasury benches which was countered by opposition members.
another congress member anto antony spoke of the recent conversions in agra and said minorities in the country were under threat from organisations closed to the ruling party at the centre.
this too led to protests by bjp members with the speaker asking him to raise the issue when a full-fledged discussion was taken up in the house.
bhratruhari mahtab (bjd) demanded bestowing of 'bharat ratna' on rani gaidenlou zeliang, the noted freedom fighter from manipur, who was given the title of rani (queen) by jawaharlal nehru for leading the struggle against british rule.
she had spent over a decade in prison from where she was freed only after independence.
neiphiu rio (naga people's front) asked the government to expedite the peace talks with the nscn(i-m) to find an honourable and permanent solution to the seven-decade-old naga problem, which he termed as the mother of all insurgencies in the northeast.
observing that the atal bihari vajpayee government had started the peace process, rio, former nagaland chief minister, said, even after 17 years of ceasefire and talks, a solution to the problem remains elusive.
cpi(m) member a sampath wanted the government to take stern action against several private agencies who fleeced gullible youngsters in the name of training them and claiming to provide them cabin crew jobs in various airlines, including air india.
he sought a thorough probe into these agencies and said government should come out with a list of authorised and accredited agencies to ensure that job-seekers do not fall prey to fraudulent agencies.
observing that the postal department has been facing severe neglect over the years, chintamani malviya (bjp) said the neglect had promoted private courier services to benefit.
urging the government to fill up the large number of vacancies and modernise its infrastructure expeditiously, he said several major financial schemes affecting the rural poor like national rural employment guarantee programme were run through the department.
radheshyam biswas (aiudf) said the fencing on indo-bangla border in assam had left several families on the zero line on the other side of the fence.
the gates are opened at 6 am in the morning and closed at 5 pm when these people can come inside, work and return, he said and demanded that the government should rehabilitate them inside the border urgently to resolve their problems.
raising the problems of tea garden workers in north bengal, s s ahluwalia (bjp) asked the government to implement laws relating to minimum wages and food security there, saying a large number of starvation deaths have taken place already as several tea gardens have closed down.
prem singh chandumajra (akali dal) wanted special financial package for industrialisation in punjab and setting up of special economic zones and agro-based industries there.
mulapally ramachandran (cong) wanted the intervention of the external affairs ministry to get a keralite school teacher released from maldivian prison, saying he was being denied freedom of communication from jail which amounted to human rights violation.
traffic diversion for bjp conventionbangalore, april 6, 2013, dhns: 2:13 istthe city traffic police have indicated there will be a major traffic diversion around palace grounds and along bellary road on monday, with more a lakh of party workers and prominent bjp leaders visiting the city for the partys vijay sankalp samavesh.
according to a senior police official: apart from the regular traffic diversion, we will also enforce parking restriction around palace grounds, especially in its tripurvasini entrance that will be the gateway to the show.
the police officials assured that for the sake of public convenience, they would release the final plan for traffic diversion by sunday.
the meet which will flag off the bjps election campaign in karnataka, will begin at 11 am and will have several bjp bigwigs such as rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley in attendance.
when questioned about a high court directive which puts restrictions on mega political conventions at the palace grounds, bjp state president pralhad joshi said that they have taken the necessary permission to hold the rally.
we will try our best to cause minimum inconvenience to the public on the rally day.
parking facility for out-station vehicles will be slotted away from the venue.
we dont have any other alternative space in the city to hold such a rally, he added.
chaos is expected since the entry is through the first gate of tripura vasini from the mekhri cirlce, which is narrow.
timings of the rally during peak hours is another cause for worry.
reddy pa's laptop opens can of mining, political wormslast updated: 10 november, 2011hyderabad, nov 9, dhns: 1:42 isthard disk reveals gali offered money to party bossesthe cbi has finally succeeded in unravelling the illegal iron ore mining racket operated on the andhra pradesh- karnataka border for almost a decade by former minister in the b s yeddyurappa cabinet gali janardhan reddys gang.
the investigating agency now claims to have unearthed solid evidence from the laptop computer of janardhana reddys personal assistant k mehfuz ali khan (28).
after examining the hard disk, cbi sleuths were able to extract details on illegal mining involving 60 lakh tonnes of iron ore.
after learning that khan fled to dubai when a series of arrests began, the cbi put out a look out bulletin against him and alerted all international airports in the country.
what has startled cbi officials is a corpus of details on reddys political manoeuvrings and other tactics he adopted when yeddyurappa was faced with a mini revolt within the bjp earlier this year.
the laptop also contains details on how money was handled and election arrangements made during the bellary bye-poll contested by senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
there are files in the laptop which indicate that large sums of money was given to senior leaders in the central bjp for fighting the 2009 lok sabha elections.
these nuggets of information will not be incorporated in the cbis chargesheet against janardhana reddy either in bangalore or here.
agency sleuths are understood to have prepared a separate lengthy report that contains politically sensitive information which will be submitted to the union home ministry, sources said.
a file retrieved from the laptops hard disk has revealed that iron ore extracted from two mines in karnataka were shown to have been mined in the area over which reddys obalapuram mining company holds the lease and was to be transported to krishnapatnam port in andhra pradesh.
according to cbi sources, this particular file and other similar evidence throw light on the omcs illegal mining operations.
the invoices and reports of omc show that he would export high grade iron ore, but field studies show that the area over which reddys company operated contained low-grade ore.
besides, omc indiscriminately extracted iron ore in the reserved forests and on land that was held by 15 other mine owners who would be offered 25 per cent of the proceeds of the trade in illegal mining.
reddys mining empire flourished because of his clout as a minister in yeddyurappas cabinet.
cbi officials said khan, an engineer by profession, had obtained an indian passport on may 13, 2010, and was an important link in the mining mafia operations.
as janardhana reddys frontman, khan, floated two shell companies, devi enterprises and r k mining, which were deeply involved in the mining racket.
the bogus companies applied for contracts for mines in karnataka and a few other states, including andhra pradesh.
khan was the managing director of devi enterprises whose accounts he maintained besides handling a host of other illegal operations for janardhana reddy for five years.
apart from the mining operations on the andhra pradesh-karnataka border, khans laptop has exposed the mining mafias reach in karwar and kalahalli mines.
the details culled from the machines hard disk indicate that omc shipped out iron ore from karwar port.
reddys company also exported iron ore extracted from the kalahalli mines, about 80 km from bellary and 8 km from hospet.
the cbi is examining at least 10 more hard disks that were seized from the houses of janardhana reddy, his personal assistant and chartered accountant.
there have been no big changes in the h-1b programme and nothing new on the h-4 visa policy, the us said today, amid the trump administration's plan to overhaul the immigration system.
us deputy chief of mission (dcm) in delhi, marykay l carlson said granting employment visa and work permits is the sovereign decision of a country.
the us mission here today observed 'student visa day', an event to celebrate higher education ties between india and the united states.
there have been no big changes in the h-1b programme and nothing new on h-4.
.
.
, carlson told reporters here.
certainly, employment visa and work permits for indians is the sovereign decision of the us, the official said.
the trump administration's move to end the obama-era rule could have an impact on more than 70,000 h-4 visas holders, who have work permits.
h-4 is issued to the spouse of h-1b visa holders, a significantly large number of whom are high-skilled professionals from india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had last month said the government would make all efforts to persuade the trump administration against such a move.
in her annual press conference on may 28, the minister had said it was true that president donald trump was reviewing the h-4 visa programme and there were reports of its possible revocation.
on the occasion of 'student visa day', the mission also dedicated the day to student visa applicants who have enrolled for higher studies in different us universities.
the us embassy in new delhi and the consulate general of chennai, hyderabad, kolkata and mumbai, welcomed over 4,000 indian students, who applied for visas to study in the united states.
in 2017, more than 1,86,000 indian students were enrolled in us institutions for higher education, more than double the number from a decade ago and a 12 percent increase from the year before.
india is the second leading place of origin for students coming to the us, with indians comprising over 17 percent of the total international students in the united states, according to the us.
consular staff members wore shirts and hats from their alma maters.
some consulates invited guest alumni speakers, while others had a video or selfie station.
representatives from partners, including educationusa, the american library, and recent us graduates were present at the event to give their insights and answer queries from students about studying in the united states.
address terror first and talks can follow, india tells pakistanunited nations, oct 1, 2015 (pti) 1:15 istrubbishing pakistan's 4-point formula for peace, india today asserted that it is ready to discuss all issues if the neighbouring country addresses just one point of ending terrorism emanating from there as she proposed nsa-level talks to address the problem.
addressing the un general assembly, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj referred to the perpetrators of 26/11 attacks who continue to roam freely in pakistan and pressed the world community to ensure that countries which provide finances, safe havens and arms to terrorists pay a heavy price.
a day after pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif raked up kashmir, the indian minister used the same forum to raise the issue of illegal occupation of parts of the indian state of jammu and kashmir by pakistan and said terror attacks from there are engineered to legitimise it.
she made it clear that terrorism emanating from pakistan is hampering normalisation of bilateral relations as she underlined that talks and terror cannot go together.
yesterday the prime minister of pakistan proposed what he termed as a four-point new peace initiative.
i would like to respond.
she said this was precisely what was discussed and decided by the two prime ministers at ufa this july.
let me use this occasion to spell out our approach clearly.
let us hold talks at the level of nsas on all issues connected to terrorism and an early meeting of our directors general of military operations to address the situation on the border, she said, adding if the response is serious and credible, india is prepared to address all outstanding issues through a bilateral dialogue.
prime minister narendra modi and sharif, during a meeting in ufa in july, had agreed to hold nsa-level talks to discuss terror but these were cancelled at the last minute in august when pakistan insisted on changing the agenda.
sharing the challenges that india faces in its ties with pakistan, the external affairs minister said none of us can accept that terrorism is a legitimate instrument of statecraft.
she raised the issue of 26/11 carnage which was sponsored and controlled from pakistan as also the latest attack in udhampur in jammu where a pakistani terrorist was caught alive.
this was a reference to let commander zakiur rehman lakhvi, who is roaming freely in pakistan despite india giving it loads of evidence about his involvement in the attacks.
one of the terrorists was caught alive during attack on bsf convoy in udhampur in jammu and kashmir.
we all know that these attacks are meant to destabilize india and legitimize pakistan's illegal occupation of parts of the indian state of jammu and kashmir and its claim on the rest of it, the indian minister said.
she said india has lived with the threat of terror for more than a quarter of a century and it was tragically brought home to this very city (new york) in the autumn of 2001, a clear reference to the 9/11 attacks.
since then, the proliferation of terrorist acts, the rise of extremist ideologies, and the impunity of states that back it have not been adequately countered.
mangaluru: dec 8, 2015, dhns: 2:30 istseek mea help to get kuwait drop their names from black listmembers of navachethana welfare association, kuwait, who were deported to india for conducting satyanarayana pooja in that country, have urged the external affairs ministry to get their names removed from the black list.
briefing mediapersons here on monday, purushotham kukyan, one of the 11 persons who were deported, said the association had conducted the pooja on october 16.
a total of 150 members had taken part in the rituals.
as performing pooja rituals is not permitted in public places in that country, we performed it in the basement of an apartment within the four walls and behind closed doors.
we had performed similar rituals in 2011.
after 10 days of the pooja - on october 26 - association member yadav poojary was called by his companys human resources department and was sent away with the police.
over the next few days, 10 persons who had various responsibilities in the association were arrested, he said.
the police have failed to give us the reason for the arrest.
when this was informed to the indian embassy, there was no positive response.
later, a social activist there contacted the indian ministry of external affairs (mea).
as per the ministrys direction, the embassy officials took up the case seriously.
with the efforts of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, mp nalin kumar kateel and minister ananth kumar, we were deported, said kukyan.
we have not committed any crime.
yet, we were deported to india.
as a result, we cannot go back to kuwait and work in the firm where we were employed.
we have doubts about the agency that conducted the probe.
the mea should take initiative to get the deportation suspended and get our names removed from the blacklist.
on november 29, association former secretary santhosh rai and president ashok salian spoke to swaraj and ananth kumar.
swaraj has promised to get the names removed from blacklist, so that we can return to kuwait and work again.
the members appealed to the government to help get their service benefits from the company and convince the kuwaiti government to remove charges against them.
the charges were levelled by unknown persons without reason.
the government should help us get visa to return to kuwait, they said.
swaraj, who met the families for the eighth time since the abduction of the indians in june last year from mosul, reassured them about the well-being of the nationals on the basis of information received from multiple sources.
the government was making all sincere efforts for the safe and early release of the indian workers, she told the families, who were accompanied by minister of food processing harsimrat kaur badal.
official sources said the minister also told them that though there was no first-hand confirmation about the wellbeing of the 39 nationals but multiple sources have indicated that they were being made to work in iraq.
swaraj had earlier personally spoken to her counterparts in the gulf cooperation council (gcc) as well as other friendly countries in the region for their assistance in the safe release of indians in captivity.
the minister also assured the families that as soon as some concrete proof on the well-being of the workers is received by the government, it would be shared with them.
new air of hope as oli arrives on 6-day visitnew delhi, feb 20, 2015, dhns 0:06 istwithin days of lifting of the blockade along the border, nepal prime minister k p oli arrived here on a six-day visit during which he will hold extensive talks with the indian leadership and travel to three states to take the bilateral relations forward.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received oli, who was accompanied by a 77-member delegation, at the airport, reflecting the importance india attaches to the visit.
oli and prime minister narendra modi will hold talks on a range of issues on saturday, following which both sides are expected to sign a number of pacts in several sectors ranging from energy to the reconstruction of nepal, ravaged by earthquakes last year.
the nepal prime minister will travel to bhuj on tuesday to have a first-hand experience on the reconstruction of a quake-ravaged habitat.
the ancient city in kutch district was severely destroyed by the 2001 earthquake but the state administration  under modi as chief minister  rebuilt the city.
oli will also travel to mumbai and tehri hydel project in uttarakhand.
talks on constitutionthe prime ministers are likely to discuss the unfinished task of making the nepal's new constitution more inclusive to address the concerns of the madhesi community that share close family and cultural ties with indians.
the ties between the neighbours soured in the recent months in the wake of agitation by the madhesis opposing nepal's new constitution, which they claimed, did not address their concerns over representation and homeland.
india is likely to take up the issue of accelerating the constitution reform process with nepal in the bilateral talks.
govt to seek sc advice on taking kalia case to icjnew delhi, june 02, 2015, dhns: 1:22 istwill act as per court's direction: sushmathe nda government said on monday that it would seek the supreme court's advice on whether it could approach the international court of justice (icj) against pakistan on the case of captain saurabh kalia who was tortured to death during the kargil episode.
if the court gives a nod, we will take the issue to the icj, she said.
sushma's statement marks a departure from the position taken by the government in the past, when the martyr's father n k kalia approached the apex court seeking justice for his son.
the case will come up for hearing in court on august 25.
the government of india has conventionally held the position that india and pakistan cannot invoke the compulsory jurisdiction of the international court of justice in relation to disputes concerning armed conflicts and hostilities as they are both members of the commonwealth.
this position, which was stated in an affidavit filed by the government on september 26, 2013, has now been reviewed, said ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup.
the central government reversed its stand after the narendra modi regime received flak for toeing the same line as the upa regime.
responding to a question in the rajya sabha in july 2014, mos for external affairs gen (retd) v k singh said the possibility of seeking legal remedies in the case through international courts was not found feasible.
singh followed the same argument as upa-era defence minister a k antony, who had said the case could not be dealt under the geneva convention as india was committed to settle all issues with pakistan bilaterally.
on monday, swarup said: the government will request the supreme court to pronounce on the legality of the stand, taking into account the exceptional circumstances.
the government would be open to invoking the jurisdiction of the international court of justice.
in 1999, the mea had raised the issue at the un general assembly and with the commission of human rights next year.
subsequently, the mea stand was that since india-pakistan issues are to be dealt with bilaterally, the case could not be taken up at the icj, forcing the martyr's father to move the sc.
sordid sagaon may 15, 1999, a young captain from 4 jat regiment, saurabh kalia, and five of his men were on a routine patrol in the bajrang post in the kaksar sector of jammu and kashmir when they were captured by pakistani troops.
they were kept in captivity for over three weeks and subjected to brutal torture, evident from the injury marks on their bodies, handed over by the pakistan army on june 9, 1999.
post-mortem examination showed the soldier were burnt with cigarettes, their ear drums pierced with hot rods, eyes removed, bones broken and limbs and organs chopped off.
finally, they were shot dead.
pakistan, however, claimed that the 22-year-old kalia and his men had died due to harsh weather conditions.
us gives list of 271 'illegal' indians; india doesn't acceptnew delhi, mar 23, 2017, (pti) 20:52 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
we have not accepted this list and have sought more details.
we have said that it is only after we verify the details, can we issue an emergency certificate for their deportation, the external affairs minister said.
addressing concerns by members during the question hour in rajya sabha, she said it would not be correct to say that there has been a change in the us policies after the trump administration has come to power.
several members expressed concern over the effects of the steps being taken by the donald trump administration on indian citizens including skilled professionals living there.
she said the government was engaging with the us at the highest level to ensure that the interests of indian people or the it industry are not affected.
we are conveying to them that it professionals are not stealing jobs but contributing to the us economy and making it stronger, the minister said.
anand sharma (cong), while greeting swaraj on her recovery after having been unwell, said it is important that skilled professionals are not confused with illegal migrants.
she said the foreign secretary had met us congress members who had been all praise for indians.
even in 2012, a figure had come that 11.
43 migrants lived there, of whom 2.
60 lakh were indians.
we did not accept the figure because it cannot be considered authentic without thorough verification, she said.
she said there are no authentic figures on the number of undocumented indian immigrants in the us, adding that the government provided travel documents only after the concerned person was conclusively identified as indian.
responding to questions on social security, she said these issues have been raised in the past and can be taken up again later as you say right now a sword is hanging on jobs.
on h1b visas, she said there have been flip-flops in the past and the number of these visas rose from 65,000 to 1.
95 lakh and then again went down to 65,000.
it is not that all these changes have happened only after the trump administration has taken over, she said.
new delhi, nov 22 , 2012 (ians) 14:35 istopposition parties, including the bjp and the cpi-m, pressed lok sabha speaker meira kumar to allow their notices for a debate on foreign direct investment (fdi) in retail thursday, the first day of parliament's winter session.
the speaker said their notices for a debate under rule 184, which entails voting, were under consideration.
leader of opposition and bharatiya janata party mp sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke from her seat and stressed that a debate on foreign investment in multi-brand retail should be allowed as the government had violated its earlier assurance of consulting parties over the issue.
the communist party of india-marxist raised slogans demanding a debate and a vote on the issue.
differences with the government saw the lok sabha being adjourned repeatedly.
india moves closer to uranium deal with oznew delhi, april 13, 2015, dhns: 2:20 istindia may move closer to importing uranium from australia next month, when officials of the two countries will meet to negotiate an administrative arrangement to implement the civil nuclear cooperation agreement the two countries inked last year.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and australian foreign minister julie bishop will also touch upon the administrative arrangement when they meet in new delhi on tuesday.
officials of the two governments are expected to hold formal negotiations in canberra next month.
we will discuss our common interest in concluding administrative arrangements to enable australian uranium sales under the 2014 nuclear cooperation agreement, said bishop, who commenced a four-day visit to india on monday.
she and swaraj will hold the 10th india australia foreign ministers framework dialogue in new delhi on tuesday.
the australian foreign minister will also visit chennai on wednesday.
new delhi and canberra in september 2014 signed a civil nuclear cooperation agreement, which is intended to pave the way for india to import uranium from australia, apart from cooperation in production of radio isotopes, nuclear safety and other areas of cooperation in atomic energy.
india has been keen to source some of the uranium required for its ambitious nuclear programme from australia, which has nearly 40 per cent of the worlds yellowcake reserve.
to implement the 2014 agreement, india and australia, however, need to agree on the administrative arrangement, which would finalise the details of the logistics involved with import and export of nuclear fuel.
bishop on monday met finance minister arun jaitley and reviewed the progress in negotiations with regard to a comprehensive economic cooperation agreement (ceca), which is expected to significantly boost bilateral trade, investment and economic ties between india and australia.
she will also meet defence minister manohar parrikar on tuesday and discuss the new framework for security cooperation, which was agreed upon last november.
australia and india are committed to working together on a range of security issues, including counter-terrorism, maritime security, countering transnational crime and cyber policy, said bishop.
the australian foreign minister on monday delivered the inaugural indo-pacific oration at delhi-based think-tank observer research foundation.
she said that she and swaraj would discuss chinas foreign policy and other regional and geo-strategic issues.
i think we had similar views on china's territorial ambitions.
we don't take a position on territorial disputes, but we do urge all nations to respect international law, respect global norms and to resolve any territorial or maritime issue peacefully.
.
.
there is far too much at stake for this to not occur, she said.
former cm celebrates 83rd birthdayformer union minister s m krishna on friday described andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu as a wonderful dreamer and an equally competent man.
krishna, the former chief minister of karnataka, said this while interacting with the media at a high tea he hosted in bengaluru on friday, on his 83rd birthday.
without drawing any parallel between naidu and chief minister siddaramaiah, krishna said: on thursday i had visited tirupati.
naidu is trying to make amaravathi the capital.
when you see the pace of development, investors are bound to look towards andhra pradesh.
if investors have to come to karnataka, basic infrastructure facilities should improve.
industries which should have come here have already drifted to andhra pradesh.
when you see infrastructure here, it is but natural for investors to prefer andhra pradesh.
replying to a host of questions, krishna said the anna bhagya, kshreera bhagya, arogya bhagya and other schemes of the state are continuation of garibi hatao programme of late prime minister indira gandhi.
schemes meant for the welfare of poor would take many years to yield results.
there was opposition for the mid-day meal scheme when i launched it.
but now the scheme is followed across the country.
same is the case with yeshaswini scheme launched by me, he pointed out.
asked whether he would like to get back to active politics in the state, krishna said only time would reflect that.
i am observing the style of functioning of the present state government.
each cm has his own style of working and it is not correct to make comparisons.
when the government is on the threshold of completing two years, it is essential to conduct internal and public evaluation, he suggested.
rahul readyreplying to a question on rahul gandhi, krishna said his experience in politics was equivalent to the age of rahul.
he felt rahul was capable of taking on the partys mantle.
when a reporter pointed out that the upa 2 did not represent india at the global level, the former external affairs minister asked him: then how india got a membership (as a non-permanent member of the security council) in the un?
he also said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has not been able to effectively manage her portfolio.
she had visited a couple of countries which did not yield the desired results.
we do not know whether she is functioning as minister.
this is the reason why prime minister modi is going on frequent foreign tours, he said.
replying to questions as to how he was spending time, he said he was writing a book on his 52 years of public life.
about 50 pc of the work has been completed and it would be published both in kannada and english.
at present he was reading books on john f kennedy and churchill, he added.
an indian air force (iaf) aircraft flying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to south africa went incommunicado for 14 minutes, triggering a major scare after mauritius air traffic control (atc) could not establish contact with the plane.
according to the aai, the vip embraer-135 plane was not in touch with the mauritius atc for 14 minutes between 4:44 pm (ist) and 4:58 pm (ist) on saturday.
sushma had left the country to attend brics and india-brazil-south africa (ibsa) ministerial meetings in south africa.
sushma had left thiruvananthapuram on the ifc-31 plane at 2:08 pm for mauritius.
aircraft changed over from indian airspace to male atc which then established contact with the aircraft at 1644 ist.
however, ifc 31 could not contact mauritius atc, an aai statement said on sunday.
it was then the mauritius atc activated incerfa, which in aviation parlance means uncertainty phase where it is not known whether the aircraft and occupants are safe.
later at 1658 ist, ifc-31 came in contact with mauritius atc and landed, it said.
bjp sold tickets in bihar, claims party mpnew delhi: september 27, 2015, dhns 2:16 istbjp lok sabha member and former home secretary r k singh delivered another politically damaging comment ahead of the bihar polls, accusing his own party of giving tickets to criminals and selling some tickets.
swinging into damage control mode, home minister rajnath singh emphasised that in the bjp, ticket distribution is done fairly.
criminals have been given tickets even before they joined the party.
this is injustice to the people of bihar.
some people have sold tickets.
what is this?
how will we get clean administration?
you have given tickets to criminals no reasons have been given why criminals were allotted tickets.
it is not that only criminals can win elections.
we as residents of bihar are concerned, said singh.
by giving tickets to criminals, singh alluded, the bjps jungle raj charge against the rjd chief lalu prasad gets compromised.
what is the difference between you and lalu prasad, singh said.
sidelinedsingh is believed to be feeling sidelined in the bjps electoral strategy as he is not among the state leaders pressed into action by the top brass and failed to get tickets for some of his candidates, said party sources.
there are other party mps from the state who are equally dejected over not managing tickets for their sympathisers, sources said.
the bjp top brass, however, has tasked some leaders to reach out to singh to assuage his feelings at least till the polls.
singh also expressed his anger against the partys state unit, complaining against former deputy chief minister sushil modi of ignoring him and not answering his calls.
allegations are baseless.
bjp has not given ticket to criminals, sushil modi countered.
he even denied getting calls from singh.
actor-turned-mp shatrughan sinha, who has been hobnobbing and praising jd(u) leader and chief minister nitish kumar, exploited singhs controversial remark by saying that his colleague is very respected and a responsible mp.
if he (singh) said something, it will definitely be justified, he must have evidence, or else he wouldn't have said it, sinha stated.
describing the comment as grave, rival jd(u) leader pawan verma said singh has the courage to speak the truth and that bjp chief amit shah has decided, like elsewhere in the country, that he must win by hook or crook or by any other means.
singh has spoken out of turn in the past, too, despite prime minister narendra modi asking leaders to exercise restraint.
in the lalitgate episode that sucked in external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, singh had said no one should help an absconder like lalit modi.
i have said this time and again that i never requested or recommended travel documents for lalit modi, swaraj posted on twitter on saturday, even as the opposition congress stated that it would not allow parliament to function even next week unless she stepped down as the external affairs minister.
i left this to the uk government to decide under their own laws and regulations.
and that is what they did, she added.
swaraj has been at the centre of a controversy ever since she was accused of helping lalit modi get a uk travel document.
with the congress and other opposition parties stalling the proceedings of the lok sabha and rajya sabha to press for her resignation from prime minister narendra modis cabinet, the first week of parliaments monsoon session was completely washed out.
i accepted a debate on the very first day of the parliament session.
congress members are not allowing a debate, external affairs minister tweeted, referring to the opposition partys refusal to relent even after the government agreed to have a discussion on the issue in both the houses.
one of her followers on twitter asked her if she would have helped any common indian citizen on humanitarian ground the way she had helped lalit modi get the uk travel document.
i help people every day.
that too on a single tweet, she responded.
the opposition parties accused her of misusing the office of the external affairs minister to help lalit modi get after his passport was revoked by indian government for not complying with the summons issued by the enforcement directorate.
modi not innocent in godhra riot case: siddumysore, march 24, 2014, dhns: 0:15 isthe was the cm of gujarat at the time of massacregujarat chief minister and the bjps blue-eyed boy of the rss, who is certain to implement the rss ideology and also bear the poll expenditure, prime ministerial candidate narendra modi may have been given a clean chit by the supreme court constituted special investigation team (sit) in the godhra riot case, but he cannot be construed as innocent, said chief minister siddaramaiah.
participating in an interaction programme, organised by the mysore district journalists association (mdja), in the city, on monday, ahead of the lok sabha polls scheduled for april17 in the state, siddaramaiah said, modi was a beneficiary of jurisprudence, where he walked out unscathed due to the benefit of doubt, in godhra pogrom.
nobody can deny that he was the chief minister at that time and he was responsible for the massacre that claimed several lives.
ridiculing the gujarat model of development being propagated by the bjp, siddaramaiah drew an analogy between the national and state average of gujarat.
gujarat is ranked fourth in human development index, while the percentage of school dropouts is 60 per cent compared with the national average of 40 per cent.
when compared to karnatakas five per cent spending on health, gujarat spends only three per cent from its exchequer, he said.
still, modi outdid several senior leaders like l k advani, leaders of the opposition in the lok sabha and rajya sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley respectively, and also jaswant singh, emerging as the prime ministerial nominee for the reasons that he is a blue-eyed boy of the rss, thanks to corporate funding, siddaramaiah said.
however, the modi wave will have the least impact on the people here, who have already shown the second place to the bjp in the state, owing to rampant corruption by the previous government.
also, corrupt leaders like b s yeddyurappa and sriramulu are back in the party fold.
it was evident with the losses suffered by the combined forces of the bjp and janata dal (secular), ably supported by the kjp, in the by-elections to the lok sabha from mandya and bangalore rural constituencies, where congress regained the lost seats, he said.
the congress will seek votes on the development plank of the congress-led united progressive alliance (upa) government at the centre and also the 10-month-old congress-led government in karnataka.
however, the results of the elections, especially in the state, cannot be termed as a referendum to the state government, siddaramaiah said.
sounding confident, siddaramaiah said, the congress will win at least 18 seats, against the total 28 seats in the state.
centre may send iuml leader for iraq hostages' releaseanirban bhaumik, new delhi, nov 5, 2014, dhns 1:37 istmodi advised mea to choose a non-bjp leader for negotiationthe centre is considering a proposal to send a politician from a party other than the ruling bjp to iraq to help secure the release of the 40 indians held captive by the islamic state.
given his experience on west asia and vast network of contacts in the region, former minister of state for external affairs e ahamed, is understood to be the first choice of the government for the job, although he is at present recuperating after a cataract surgery in kerala.
if he is unable to visit iraq, the government may look for any other politician, preferably the ones having some experience about the region.
the governments move to send a politician from a party outside the ruling coalition is apparently intended to blunt criticism over its inability to get the hostages home.
as five months passed after they were kidnapped by the islamic state militants from mosul in northern iraq, the government may come under attack from the opposition in parliament during the winter session commencing from november 24 next.
sources told deccan herald that prime minister narendra modi had advised externalaffairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to consider sending a politician to iraq.
he also told her that the politician should be from a party other than the bjp.
the politician is likely to first visit baghdad where the embassy of india will arrange his meetings with top officials of the new iraqi government headed by prime minister haider al-abadi.
he will later visit to erbil in northern iraq to meet senior functionaries of the autonomous kurdistan regional government.
the kurdish peshmerga forces are on the frontline of the war against the is and new delhi has been in constant touch with kurdish regional government ever since the40 indian construction workers were kidnapped from mosul on june 15  just days after the city was taken over by the militants.
the politician may also travel to other countries in the region, like saudi arabia and qatar.
india has been relying on intelligence inputs shared by the governments of saudi arabia and qatar, which purportedly conveyed to new delhi that the kidnapped indians were still in the custody of the is, but had not been harmed anyway.
inputs received from the syrian government also corroborated that the hostages remained unharmed although they were being forced to work in construction of certain facilities for the is.
no commentswhen contacted, ahamed, a lok sabha mp from indian union muslim league (iuml), told deccan herald from kozhikode that it would not be fair for him to comment on the issue.
ahamed played a significant role in helping the government to bring back homethe 46 indian nurses who were holed up for several days in a hospital in tikrit  anotherjihadist-held city in central iraq.
suresh reddy, new delhis former envoy to baghdad, had been sent to help incumbent ambassador ajay kumar shortly after the kidnap.
reddy is understood to be now camping in erbil in kurdistan and is coordinating with kurdish authorities as well as iraqi government and other agencies to secure the release of the abducted.
govt scores on foreign frontnew delhi, june 01, 2015, dhns: 0:46 istin second year, important engagement will be africa summit in octoberthe narendra modi government scored a century on the foreign policy front in the first year as bilateral contacts at the top level were established with 101 countries.
in the second year, the most important engagement for the modi government would be the africa summit in october which for the first time heads 54 african nations would be invited.
the prime minister is also slated to travel to israel  first by an indian prime minister  but the dates are yet to be fixed.
asked about the outcomes of bilateral meetings with the leaders of 101 countries, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the foreign direct investment increased by 39 per cent between april 2013 and february 2014.
in absolute number it is $28.
81 billion of fdi inflow, she said on sunday.
while the prime minister undertook 18 visits, swaraj travelled to 21 countries and her deputy gen v k singh (rtd) went to 17 nations.
rest of the bilateral meetings took place on the sidelines of the multilateral summits all over the world.
swaraj confirmed that modi would be the first indian prime minister to travel to israel, but that won't change india's policies towards palestine.
the prime minister would be visiting israel, but dates have to be worked out.
but the prime ministers visit does not mean any tilt towards israel.
there will be no change in india's foreign policy on palestine.
india will continue to support the palestine cause.
i am also packaging a tour of israel, palestine and jordon later this year, said the minister.
india had established full diplomatic relationship with israel in 1992 though it had recognised the country in 1950.
no indian prime minister or president has ever visited israel but former israeli prime minister ariel sharon become the first premier visit india in 2003.
israel is currently one of india's biggest supplier of military products, which was made possible by sharon during his visit a decade ago that transformed the bilateral relations.
going against the standard diplomatic norms, india is inviting the heads of all the 54 african nations for the summit to be held in delhi between october 26-30.
in the recent past, new delhi has put more emphasis on africa where china enjoys a clear advantage having established diplomatic relations with all the 54 african nations, which benefits beijing on trade and economy front.
african countries account for over 60 per cent of the total concessional lines of credit india extends.
india had extended credit over $4.
2 billion between april 2009 and june 2014.
however, there are complaints about indian programmes lagging behind schedule.
in another first, modi would travel to five central asian nations  turkmenistan, tajikistan, uzbekistan, kyrgyzstan and kazakhstan  in july while returning from russia where he would attend the brics summit.
pm's foreign visits will rebuild ties: sushmanew delhi, dec 4, 2014, ians: 22:19 istthe opposition has been criticising prime minister narendra modi for his overseas visits but external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thursday said the trips will rebuild india's ties with the world.
in the past six months, we have moved with speed and resolve, rarely seen in indian external engagement, to rebuild our partnerships across the world.
we have set new milestones and reached new frontiers in india's foreign policy.
the minister informed the house that since the last session, the prime minister has visited japan, the us, myanmar, australia, fiji and nepal, besides participating in the un general assembly.
she also mentioned the visits of australian prime minister tony abbott and chinese president xi jinping to india.
during the course of these few months, the prime minister has met around 45 international leaders from every inhabited continent of the world.
he has participated in the india-asean summit, the east asia summit, the g-20 summit and the saarc summit, each of which is crucial to the future of our region, asia and the world, she said.
despite our shared democratic values with australia and her enormous potential to become a vital strategic and economic partner for india, it took 28 years for the prime minister of india to visit australia.
although fiji is an influential country in the pacific region and 37 percent of its population is of indian origin, his visit to fiji was the first by an indian prime minister in 33 years, sushmaswaraj swaraj added.
new delhi, apr 8 2012, dhns: 1:17 istpolitical heavyweights attended the lunch hosted on sunday by prime minister manmohan singh at his residence in honour of pakistani president asif ali zardari and his retinue, even as congress president sonia gandhi gave the do a miss for health reasons, congress sources said.
bharatiya janata party leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and l k advani and congress bigwigs like home minister p chidambaram, defence minister a k antony, external affairs minister s m krishna and parliamentary affairs minister pawan bansal were among the leaders present for the lunch.
however, another key figure in upa, finance minister pranab mukherjee, missed the event since he is in karnataka.
several top bureaucrats like foreign secretary ranjan mathai and national security adviser shiv shankar menon were present.
the luncheon was also an occasion for the scions of the gandhi and bhutto families to interact as congress general secretary rahul gandhi was seen bonding with zardaris son and pakistan peoples party chairman bilawal bhutto over the 50-minutes affair.
apart from zardari and bilawal, interior minister rehman malik and foreign secretary jaleel abbas jillani represented pakistan.
soon after zardari and his entourage reached the palam air force station, the prime ministers office tweeted: happening now at pm residence-preparations for lunch with president zardari of pakistan.
in a tweet soon after the event, bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj revealed that singh had requested zardari to pray for peace between india and pakistan at the shrine of khwaja moinuddin chisti in ajmer, to which zardari readily agreed.
india conveys security concerns to north koreaanirban bhaumik, april 13, 2015, new delhi, dhns: 2:16 istindia on monday prodded north korea to severe its nuclear and missile ties with pakistan.
the message was conveyed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to her north korean counterpart ri su yong in new delhi on monday.
sushma played host to yong, who is the first north korean foreign minister to visit new delhi, and also received an invitation from him to visit pyongyang.
she, however, conveyed new delhis concerns over reports on pyongyangs nuclear ties with islamabad as well as supply of north korean missile and missile technology to pakistan, sources told deccan herald.
ris visit is the first by a foreign minister of north korea ever since new delhi established its diplomatic relations with pyongyang in december 1973.
he also called on vice president m hamid ansari before holding a meeting with sushma.
according to a press release issued by the ministry of external affairs, swaraj and ri met in a frank and friendly atmosphere where issues of mutual interest including indias security concerns came up for discussion.
new delhi has reasons to believe that now-revealed pyongyang-islamabad defence ties, which in mid-1990s led to supply of rodong missiles and technology to pakistan, is still continuing.
external affairs minister also conveyed to her counterpart from pyongyang the significance of peace and stability in the korean peninsula for the act east policy of india.
v.k. singh to look after issues of indians in gulfnew delhi, jan 15, 2016, (ians) 13:41 istminister of state for external affairs v.k. singh will from now onwards look after all issues related to indians in the gulf, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stated on thursday.
all matters relating to indian nationals in gulf countries will now be looked after by my colleague @gen_vksingh, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
following this, when an indian national from saudi arabia tweeted that he was stuck after working for 24 months in a human resource company in riyadh, sushmaswaraj swaraj advised him to give the name and address of his recruitment agent (ra) to v.k. singh.
ra must secure your return or face arrest, the external affairs minister tweeted.
there are nearly five million expatriate indians in the gulf cooperation council (gcc) countries of bahrain, kuwait, oman, qatar, saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.
a majority of them work as blue collar workers and there are frequent complaints of labour-related issues.
sushma swaraj's statement comes after the ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia) that used to look after issues of indians overseas was merged with the ministry of external affairs earlier this month.
as minister for external affairs and overseas indian affairs, i realised that substantial work of moia is done through our missions abroad, sushmaswaraj swaraj stated on january 7.
therefore, i proposed to honourable prime minister that moia should be merged with the ministry of external affairs, she added.
the prime minister has kindly accepted my proposal.
so the moia will now be part of the ministry of external affairs, the minister announced.
the moia, dedicated to the multitude of indian nationals settled abroad, was established in may 2004 as the ministry of non-resident indians' affairs.
later, it was renamed the ministry of overseas indian affairs in september 2004.
this year, the pravassi bharatiya divas, that used to be the flagship event of the erstwhile moia, was organised by the ministry of external affairs on january 9.
jalandhar woman sold in saudi arabia returns homepress trust of india, amritsar, may 31 2017, 19:35 istsukhwant kaur, 55, arrives at the amritsar airport from saudi arabia on wednesday.
she came five months after allegedly sold as a slave by a dubious travel agent.
pti photoa 55-year-old woman who was allegedly sold and tortured in saudi arabia today returned to india.
sukhwant kaur, who hails from jalandhar, arrived at the international airport here where she was received by her family members, including her husband, and former punjab ministers manoranjan kalia and anil joshi.
she thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj while narrating her travails to reporters at the airport.
it is a new birth as i have come back home safely from a death trap.
it was next to impossible to return from there.
if the external affairs minister had not intervened, i couldn't have dreamt of joining my family in india, kaur said.
with tears rolling down her cheeks, she said, i had paid rs 40,000 to an agent to get a job in saudi arabia and i went there on a tourist visa.
to my utter shock, when i reached there i was sold for rs 3.
5 lakh as a maid to a family.
she said she was tortured and maltreated for three months after reaching there in january.
one day she landed in a hospital after she fainted on being tortured.
she said that her employers used to torture her and forced her to eat meat despite the fact that she was a vegetarian.
it was my good luck i returned to india alive.
no one could have thought of coming back in the circumstances which i faced there, she added.
her husband, kulwant singh, told reporters that his wife was in contact with him over phone for a week after she landed there.
but a few days later, her phone was switched off and the delhi-based agent stopped taking calls, he said.
singh said that on may 7, with the help of a nurse from kerala, his wife called him up from a hospital in saudi arabia.
she said the travel agent had sold her to a local resident and she was forced to work as a slave in his house and was being badly treated and even tortured, he said.
the indian embassy in saudi arabia assured all help to the family after kulwant made an appeal to swaraj on twitter.
orop issue figures in bjp-rss meetnew delhi, sep 2, 2015, (ians) 18:37 istthe contentious one rank one pension issue for retired defence force personnel figured prominently on wednesday during a meeting between bjp and rss leaders here.
sources said rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bahgwat talked to finance minister arun jaitley and defence minister manohar parrikar separately on the orop issue on the first day of the three-day coordination meeting that began on wednesday.
parrikar briefed bhagwat on the issue, whereas jaitley spoke on its financial implications.
the sources said that the rss chief also sought to know from jaitley the problems the central government faced in the implementation of the orop.
according to sources, bhagwat asked the bjp leaders to resolve the orop issue at the earliest and suggested setting up of a commission to deal with its financial implications, if needed.
ex-servicemen have been protesting against the non-implementation of the orop for more than two-and-a-half months at the jantar mantar here.
several ex-servicemen are sitting on an indefinite hunger strike to press for the orop.
bjp president amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, transport minister nitin gadkari, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar and health minister j.p. nadda attended the meeting.
ram madhav, a bharatiya janata party general secretary who was formerly with the rss, and bjp general secretary (organisation) ram lal were also present.
all the organisations affiliated to the rss gave their feedbacks on major initiatives of different ministries under the narendra modi government.
sources said these feedbacks would be provided to the prime minister whenever he attends the bjp-rss meet.
around 95 members of the rss, the bjp's ideological parent, are expected to take part in the meeting being held in a madhya pradesh government guest house in vasant kunj here.
modi is likely to attend the meeting on september 4.
a number of issues such as the agitation by the patel community in gujarat for reservation in jobs and education and a recently released religious census data are expected to be discussed in the three-day meeting.
cong protests outside swaraj's residence; demands resignationnew delhi, june 15, 2015, (pti) 15:03 istscores of congress workers today protested outside residence of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj demanding her resignation for extending help to scam-tainted former ipl commissioner lalit modi in procuring travel documents in the uk.
shouting slogans and holding placards, the congress workers demanded action against swaraj and said she must quit or prime minister narendra modi should sack her immediately from the union cabinet.
the protesters also burnt effigies of swaraj.
congress has been attacking swaraj since yesterday after reports surfaced that she had written to british lawmaker keith vaz to allegedly recommend travel documents for lalit modi for visiting portugal.
modi is wanted in india and has made london his home since 2010 to avoid a probe in the alleged betting and misappropriation of funds in the t20 cricket tournament.
some of the congress protesters also broke barricades outside swaraj's safdarjung residence in posh lutyens bungalow zone in central delhi.
around 100 protesters were detained by the police and were later released.
earlier in the day, congress sharpened attack on swaraj alleging there was quid pro quo involved in her assistance to modi and demanded that the former ipl commissioner be brought back and tried in india.
there are circumstances which establish contact between sushmaswaraj swaraj and lalit modi.
as a quid pro quo, sushmaswaraj swaraj has done favour to a tainted person who is accused of rs 700 crore money laundering, tax evasion and several other charges, said congress national spokesperson p l punia.
speaker warns unruly opposition mps of 'action'new delhi, july 22, 2015, dhns: 1:08 istopposition parties united after her threat in lok sabhalok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan on wednesday warned agitating mps from the congress and other opposition parties, who were demanding the sacking of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, with appropriate action.
the mps wore black bands, displayed placards with messages against prime minister narendra modi and shouted slogans from the well of the house to raise their demand.
as the mps stalled the proceedings, mahajan stressed on maintaining discipline and decorum in the house.
i would also like to emphatically stress here that in the event of disorderly conducts, i would be constrained to initiate appropriate disciplinary action against the erring members, she said after the house reassembled at noon following an adjournment for about an hour.
the speaker said that she had provided adequate opportunity to all sections to raise matters of topical interest provided the members gave proper notice and sought to raise the matters within the parameter of the rules and accepted norms of behaviour.
maintaining of discipline and decorum in the house is of utmost importance for maintaining the credibility and dignity of parliament.
we have well settled norms of standards to be observed by members which have been provided for in our rules of procedure and conduct of business, said mahajan.
she noted that none of the norms of etiquettes and standards were being observed by the protesting members.
the speakers observation, however, failed to restore order in the house.
her warning rather added to the ire of the opposition mps, who immediately trooped into the well of the house.
mahajan then adjourned the house for the day.
the speakers warning also united the opposition which was speaking in different voices on issues like lalitgate.
the speakers remarks have helped us.
now the entire opposition is speaking in one voice, a senior congress leader told journalists later.
p karunakaran of the communist party of india (marxist) also echoed similar views.
the congress leader in the lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, voiced his disapproval of the remarks of the speaker.
such disruptions do happen in parliamentary democracy.
we were protesting in a decent manner, said kharge.
the courts in the united kingdom should not question the conditions of jails in india while considering pleas for the extradition of fugitives, as the leaders of the country's freedom struggle had been incarcerated by the british raj itself in the same prisons, prime minister narendra modi told theresa may, his british counterpart.
she was reacting to reports about poor conditions of jails in india being cited before the courts in the uk to challenge pleas for the extradition of fugitives, including business tycoon vijay mallya.
modi visited london last month to attend the commonwealth heads of government meet.
he had a bilateral meeting with the british prime minister on the sidelines of the summit.
mallya is wanted in india for his now-defunct kingfisher airlines' default on loans worth nearly rs 9,000 crore.
he left india for the uk on march 2, 2016  the day a consortium of 13 banks, which had given the loan to his company, moved the debt recovery tribunal to step up pressure on him to return the money.
india in february 2017 asked the uk to extradite him.
he was arrested by the uk police and was produced before the westminster magistrates' court in london on april 18 last year for an extradition hearing and was granted conditional bail.
the hearing on the plea for his extradition has since been going on at westminster magistrates' court in london and it is slated to resume in july.
the central bureau of investigation already submitted before the court, through the crown prosecution service of the uk, the details of the facilities available in the arthur road jail in mumbai where he would be lodged in case the court granted his extradition to india.
a court in the uk, hearing the plea for suspected cricket bookie sanjeev chawla, recently raised questions about the condition of tihar jail in delhi and pointed out overcrowding in the prison and incidents of the fight among the prisoners.
the court asked the government of india to submit before it further assurances within six weeks on the personal space that would be made available to chawla, in case he was extradited from the uk to india.
the uk court also sought assurance from new delhi on the toilet and medical facilities that would be guaranteed to chawla as well as the arrangements that would be made to protect him from clashes among the prisoners, in case he was extradited to india.
congress protest against sushmaswaraj , raje tomorrowbengaluru, june 23, 2015, dhns: 1:12 istthe state congress, led by state congress chief g parameshwara, will stage a protest demonstration at freedom park on june 24 demanding action against union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundara raje for their involvement in helping former indian premier league commissioner lalit modi.
all the ministers, heads of boards and corporations, state party office-bearers and workers will take part in the sit-in scheduled between 11 am and 4 pm, a release from the party said.
modi takes to twitter to promote yoga daynew delhi: june 11, 2015, dhns 0:01 istas preparations were on full swing to mark international yoga day on june 21, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday posted an instructional video on shashankasana on a social networking site, saying that this bit of yoga was ideal for reducing stress and anger.
shashankasana is the ideal asana to practice to reduce stress and anger, he wrote on micro-blogging site twitter, posting the video.
modi, an avid practitioner of yoga, also posted the link to a website dedicated to international yoga day, launched by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday, saying it provides all the details about the programmes to be conducted internationally on june 21 and later.
on the website, the ministry of external affairs (mea) has uploaded a 44-minute film showcasing how yoga is both an art and science for healthy living.
the ministry has also posted documentaries on yoga.
this film is an introductory guide to the principles and practice of yoga, an age-old indian spiritual discipline based on extremely subtle science, it said.
the film is divided into two parts.
the first, about eight minutes long, introduces the concept and gives a brief history of yoga, and has tips on what to do before, during and after practising yoga.
new delhi, feb 9, 2016 (pti) 16:41 istamidst controversies over the role of governors, president pranab mukherjee today said all those who hold constitutional positions should maintain sanctity of the constitution.
our nation has grown from strength to strength since independence.
it is primarily due to our steadfast adherence to the principles enshrined in our constitution.
it is an enduring document that reflects our aspirations and the avenues to achieve them, in an inclusive manner.
it is incumbent on us all who hold constitutional positions to maintain the sanctity of this sacred text, mukherjee said inaugurating a two-day conference of governors at the rashtrapati bhavan here.
the president's call assumes significance against the backdrop of a raging controversy over the role of governor j p rajkhowa in arunachal pradesh that led to various developments culminating in the imposition of central rule.
the issue is also being fought in the supreme court.
terming as difficult the last year that saw terror attacks with clear external linkages, he said the country has to continue efforts to resolve all outstanding international issues through peaceful dialogue and negotiations.
we faced challenges from the global economic slowdown, climatic changes, and internal and external security.
states having international borders were affected by terrorist attacks that had clear external linkages.
volatile external security environment makes it incumbent on us to upgrade our defence capabilities.
at the same time, we have to continue our efforts at resolving all outstanding international issues through peaceful dialogue and negotiations, the president said in his inaugural address at the conference attended by 23 governors and lt governors of the states and union territories.
mukherjee said india is suffering the worst effects of drought with two consecutive deficient monsoons.
another dry spell is likely to impact agricultural production further.
farmer distress has to be addressed on a war-footing.
the newly-launched pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana aims at providing effective risk cover to farmers using technology.
this and other measures to provide relief to farmers should receive top priority.
to develop climate resilience, we must task our agricultural research institutions to develop drought-proof varieties of food grains and other food commodities, he said.
the president said for successful implementation of government's schemes like make-in-india, start-up india, smart city mission and swachh bharat mission, these have to run in close partnership with state governments.
as the constitutional heads of their respective states, governors can play an inspirational role to ensure their active cooperation, mukherjee said.
the president said there are over 320 state public universities and over 140 state private universities.
governors can also play a persuasive role in improving the quality of education in these institutions, he said.
dignitaries participating in the inaugural session of the conference included vice president hamid ansari, prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and niti aayog vice chairman arvind panagariya, among others.
an indian engineer was killed and two others were injured after an american man yelling get out of my country opened fire on them in a crowded bar in kansas city in an apparent hate crime incident.
srinivas kuchibhotla (32), who was working at gps-maker garmin headquarters in olathe, was killed while another indian man and his colleague alok madasani was critically injured after a 51-year-old navy veteran started shooting hurling racial slurs following an altercation on wednesday night.
a third person, an american man identified as ian grillot who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing in austins bar and grill in olathe.
the shooter, adam purinton, reportedly got into an argument with the victims in the terms of racism, and shouted get out of my country, terrorist before shooting them.
the shooter reportedly provoked them into argument asking their presence and work in his country, and how they are better than him.
according to police, purinton left the bar after the argument and then returned with a gun and shot the three men while patrons were watching the university of kansas-tcu basketball game on television in the bar.
the shooter was arrested on thursday morning, five hours after the incident and charged with murder and attempted murder.
authorities declined at a news conference to say whether the shooting was a hate crime although local police said they were working with the fbi to investigate the case.
it was a tragic and senseless act of violence, olathe police chief steven menke told reporters.
in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed shock over the incident and said two indian embassy officials have been rushed to kansas to render all possible assistance.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family, she tweeted.
i have spoken to indian ambassador in us mr navtej sarna.
he informed me that two indian embassy officials have rushed to kansas, she said.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said kuchibhotla and madasani hailed from hyderabad and warangal, and were working at garmin in olathe (kansas).
the indian embassy officials will meet the injured and facilitate in bringing the mortal remains of the deceased and will be in touch with local police officials to ascertain more details of the incident and monitor follow up action.
they will also meet the community members in kansas, swarup said.
the fbi has joined local police authorities in the investigation.
the fbi is investigating to determine if the shooting of kuchibhotla, was a bias-motivated hate crime in violation of the victims' civil rights, eric jackson, special agent in charge of the fbis kansas city office told reporters at a news conference.
the shooter, a navy veteran with inactive pilot license and air traffic controller certificate, told a bartender in clinton, missouri, where he was hiding after the shooting that he killed two middle eastern persons, local media reported.
he has been charged with premeditated first-degree murder and his bond has been set at usd 2 million.
according to kansas city star, the shooter worked as an air traffic controller in olathe.
he also worked at the federal aviation administration, but left faa in 2000.
friends of kuchibhotla have set up a gofundme page to help raise funds for sending his remains to india.
srini was the kindest person you would meet, full of love, care and compassion for everyone.
he never uttered a word of hatred, a simple gossip, or a careless comment.
he was brilliant, well mannered and simply an outstanding human being, the fund raising page said.
his wife sunayana and his family are now faced with incredible grief and a multitude of expenses, it said.
the shooting incident comes at a time when hate crimes and acts of bigotry have risen notably during the recent months in america.
it has sent shocked waves among indian-american and the indian community across the united states.
our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of kuchibhotla, said jay kansara, director of government relations at hindu american foundation.
we are also praying for a speedy recovery for the injured.
we call upon the us department of justice and local law enforcement to investigate this murder as what it is, a hate crime.
anything less will be an injustice to the victims and their families, he said.
a report in the kansas city star said 24-year-old grillot hid behind a table when purinton opened fire.
he counted the gunshots and when he thought the gunman was out of bullets, he jumped up to stop him but purinton still had one round left, and he used it to shoot grillot.
the bullet went through the 24-year-old olathe man's hand and into his chest.
im just very grateful that one of the gentlemen is fine and alive.
its terrible what happened to his friend.
but i think he was watching over us last night, he said.
grillot said that he learned madasanis wife is five months pregnant and that he considers the engineer his new best friend.
the sports bar where the shooting took place has been closed with a sign on the door that said it would remain closed indefinitely.
according to garmin, kuchibhotla and madasani worked in the company's aviation systems.
we're saddened that two garmin associates were involved in last night's (wednesday night) incident, and we express our condolences to the family and friends of our co-workers involved.
garmin will have grievance counsellors on-site and available for its associates today and tomorrow, garmin said in a statement.
maldives asks india not to worry about chinanew delhi, nov 23, 2015, dhns: 1:09 istmaldives on sunday assured india not to worry about chinese presence in the island-nation because the ties between the two maritime neighbours have sufficient depth.
india-maldives ties have sufficient depth.
we discuss with india almost all issues, including the political situation, maldivian foreign minister duniya maumoon said here on sunday.
maumoon, daughter of former maldivian president maumoon abdul gayoom, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to discuss bilateral issues.
she also pointed out that ties with india would not be shaken by chinese investors.
china's economic presence is felt in almost every corner of the world; from bombay to london, and new york to sydney.
the maldives is a country that is open for business, particularly in the infrastructure sector.
there are chinese investors in the maldives, who have brought capital with them to invest in large projects.
that should not worry india.
maldives relation with india has sufficient depth and will not be shaken by the presence of chinese investors in the maldives, she said in an interview to a news agency.
though maldives is geographically closer to india and remains within india's strategic influence, the island-nation appears to increasingly strengthen its relationship with china.
chinese investments in the maldives have increased over the years, ranging from housing to infrastructure projects, such as roads and airports.
asked about some of the incidents that led to a friction between the two countries, the maldivian foreign minister said as close neighbours there will always be points that require clarifications from each other, but asserted that the relationship with india remained robust and strong.
on the former president mohamed nasheeds arrest and subsequent imprisonment for 13 years under terror charges, the minister said it was a test case to tell everyone that no one is above the law.
there have been criticisms from some countries, and i have to say it also appears that such criticisms have not considered the full circumstances of the case, she said.
parliament logjam to continue until sushmaswaraj , shivraj, raje quit: congnew delhi, july 23, 2015, (pti): 20:46 istcongress today ruled out talks with the government for breaking the logjam in parliament, making it clear that it will continue till its demand for resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp chief ministers of madhya pradesh and rajasthan is met.
the solution to the deadlock in parliament cannot be found in a meeting, but in action against a union minister and two chief ministers, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said.
he was asked as to why he did not attend an all-party meeting convened by the leader of the rajya sabha arun jaitley today.
azad said he has regard for jaitley and he would attend any meeting convened by him the day the deadlock is resolved by taking action against swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and her madhya pradesh counterpart shivraj singh chauhan.
dismissing suggestions about lack of unity among the opposition parties on the issue, azad insisted as far as rajya sabha is concerned, leaders of the sp, cpi, cpi-m, bsp and jd-u have all demanded resignations of those involved in the lalit modi issue and vyapam scam.
apparently referring to the statement of senior bjp leader shanta kumar, he said there was support for the opposition's demand also from within bjp.
with bjp raking up the robert vadra issue in parliament, he accused the government of pursuing politics of revenge against the opposition.
azad charged the bjp with raising the issue of alleged corruption by governments in congress-ruled states like himachal pradesh and uttarakhand in a tit-for-tat action against his party and seeking to divert the attention of the people from the lalit modi issue and vyapam scam.
azad's remarks came after bjp hit back at congress in the lok sabha by raking up certain comments of vadra, son-in-law of congress president sonia gandhi, and demanded action against him for demeaning members of parliament.
yoga not religious; an antidote to violence, conflict: swarajunited nations, jun 21, 2015, pti: 21:25 istindia today said yoga should not be seen as belonging to any particular religion and the ancient spiritual practice can serve as the perfect antidote to stem negative tendencies and move humanity on the path of peace in a world beset by violence and conflict.
at a time when ethnic conflicts and extremist violence are threatening to destabilise societies, yoga can serve as the perfect antidote to stem such negative tendencies and move us on the path of harmony and peace, she said.
i am confident that yoga can also become a potent tool for the united nations to promote the message of brotherhood and amity in the finest indian tradition of 'vasudhaiva kutumbakam', she said.
it is not often that both occasion and location match each other in scale.
here, in this historic place that was built to protect succeeding generations from the scourge of war, we gather to celebrate an ancient treasure  india's own gift to the world.
yoga is neither a religion, nor should it be seen as belonging to any particular religion.
it is a science, the science of well-being, the science of integrating body, mind and soul, the science of actualising our true potential.
yoga began in india some five thousand years ago.
but it was given the ultimate seal of international acclaim only last year by the un, she said.
the gathering at the un included ban ki-moon, secretary general of the united nations, sam kutesa, president of the general assembly, spiritual guru sri sri ravi shankar, and us congresswoman tulsi gabbard.
i should, first and foremost, thank all the 192 other member states for their full support which allowed our resolution declaring 21 june as the international day of yoga to be adopted by consensus.
in particular, i thank the 176 other member states who, by co-sponsoring the resolution, took equal ownership of the initiative.
that the resolution was adopted within 75 days of prime minister modi proposing it bears evidence to the fact that it was an idea whose time had come, she said.
in his message on the occasion, the un chief ban said, by proclaiming 21 june as the international day of yoga, the general assembly has recognised the holistic benefits of this timeless practice and its inherent compatibility with the principles and values of the united nations.
yoga offers a simple, accessible and inclusive means to promote physical and spiritual health and well-being.
it promotes respect for one's fellow human beings and for the planet we share, the un chief said.
and yoga does not discriminate; to varying degrees, all people can practice, regardless of their relative strength, age or ability.
i discovered this for myself on trying to do my first asana, a tree pose suited to beginners, ban said.
i am hoping that if yoga promotes physical dexterity, it can also promote diplomatic dexterity.
in my job as secretary-general of the united nations, i have to be agile all of the time!
, ban said.
ban and his wife, wearing special track suits with yoga symbols, also joined students and yoga practitioners for a yoga session conducted by sri sri ravi shankar.
in her address, swaraj thanked ban for providing immediate and unstinted support to india's proposal.
she also thanked kutesa for the leadership he provided.
in a world increasingly divided by what the great poet rabindranath tagore called 'narrow domestic walls', prime minister modi had a vision of india's ancient treasure that would do the opposite  that would, through the notion of holistic health, and a conscious search for the self, seek to bring us all together.
in my own country india, prime minister modi led the largest yoga class in history when he addressed more than 35,000 people at rajpath a few hours ago.
this truly is a confirmation of the international character of yoga as well as its convening power.
by celebrating the international day of yoga together, we celebrate our common humanity.
we are recognising that we have shared opportunities.
the united nations is about nations living in harmony with each other.
by celebrating the international day of yoga at the united nations, i believe we send a powerful message about men and women living in harmony with each other and also in harmony with nature.
on this first international day of yoga, let us join our breaths, let us combine our strengths, for a safer, happier, healthier world, she concluded.
hdk paints 'caste colour' to compensation issuelast updated: 09 june, 2011hassan, june 9, dhns: 23:06 istformer chief minister and state janata dal (secular) president h d kumaraswamy on thursday accused chief minister bs yeddyurappa of indulging in caste politics even while announcing compensation to a person who was gored to death by a wild elephant in mysore on wednesday.
talking to newspersons here, he said, apart from rs five lakh compensation, the cm had promised a job to one of the sons of renukaswamy, the victim.
several persons in the past had died in similar incidents across the state and the cm never announced that much of compensation to the families of the victims.
yeddyurappa should clarify whether the name of the victim made him increase the compensation amount.
the compensation in case of elephant death which was rs 50,000 was hiked to rs 1.
5 lakh during his tenure, kumaraswamy stated.
on cm holding the cabinet meeting in rural areas, kumaraswamy opined that the cabinet meetings have sancity and it should be held in the vidhana soudha.
it was not a touring talkies to hold the cabinet meeting as per the whims and fancies of yeddyurappa.
such statements are made just for publicity sake.
last year, cm had conducted the meeting in gulbarga spending more than rs 40 lakhs.
apart from publicity, no development works had taken place since then, he added.
he also defended janata dal (secular) legislators boycotting the the assembly session recently and said no discussion or debate had been held on development works in the assembly since the past three years.
the speaker, who has to be impartial, was dancing to the tunes of the chief minister.
condemning all these, the party has boycotted the session, he said.
accessthe cm has complained that the copy of the files of his signature reaches opposition party.
it was the duty of the opposition parties to know what was happening in the state.
moreover, anyone can have access to those files under the right to information act.
former prime minister and mp h d deve gowda had shown how the opposition parties should function, he said.
kumaraswamy declined to comment the ongoing indefinite stir by yoga guru baba ramdev against corruption and said that he did not know why the yoga guru had taken up this issue.
the jd(s) has always been against corruption.
though deve gowda was the prime minister for a short term of ten months, he brought out a system where the people were given an opportunity to declare their black money.
he also took the opportunity to ridicule bjp leaders for supporting ramdev, saying the leaders themselves are corrupt and are supporting anti-corruption stir.
he also condemned sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is one of the aspirants for prime ministers post, for breaking into a jig at rajghat.
no resignations, no wrong done by sushmaswaraj , 2 cms: bjpnew delhi, july 22, 2015, pti: 12:33 ista combative bjp top brass today rallied behind union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state chief ministers who are under opposition attack over lalit modi row and vyapam scam, asserting that they have done no wrong and there will be no resignations.
party leaders were also asked to aggressively expose congress over its disinformation campaign.
the assertions came at the bjp parliamentary party meeting where prime minister narendra modi asked mps to be proud of the centre's work and bjp chief amit shah told them that all the states ruled by it were doing a very good work with honesty.
we have done no wrong.
the party put up a strong defence on a day when the congress-led opposition continued to stall parliament, demanding resignations of swaraj and madhya pradesh and rajasthan chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhara raje over lalit modi row and vyapam scam.
the over 45-minute meeting saw swaraj telling the parliamentarians that she offered no help to the former ipl boss, naqvi told reporters after the meeting.
i offered neither any financial benefit to him nor did i help him flee india.
i never told the british government to give him travel documents.
all i did was to tell them that their decision (on lalit modi's request) will not affect their ties with india, naqvi said quoting her.
congress is trying to make a mountain out of a molehill.
here there is not even a molehill, she said and added that she had rejected pressure from some senior congress leaders to give diplomatic passport to coal scam accused santosh bagrodia.
swaraj had earlier tweeted about it.
she also strongly defended the madhya pradesh government over vyapam scam, naqvi said.
shah called upon the party mps and workers to strongly counter those with distorted mindset, a dig at opposition parties, and said they, especially congress, have no real issues against the modi dispensation.
we will expose those we are trying to disrupt our journey on the path to progress over fabricated issues.
we will take them in parliament and on streets.
.
.
we will not let congress succeed.
our state governments, our chief ministers are doing a very good work and doing it with honesty, naqvi quoted shah as saying.
delhi denies raw official's expulsion from colombonew delhi/colombo, jan 19, 2015, dhns: 7:15 istindia on sunday denied reports that an intelligence official was transferred from colombo after new delhi received complaints from the then sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa that the officer was helping the opposition in the recent election.
all information on postings and transfers are in the public domain.
the normal tenure of an indian diplomat in sri lanka is three years, and all officials who have been transferred over the past year have completed it.
its a normal transfer, said ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesman syed akbaruddin in new delhi.
do not read anything into it unless somebody stands up and says yes.
using unnamed sources is just obscuring the truth.
take my view as the last word, he said.
asked if the mea was denying the report, he replied in the affirmative.
meanwhile, rajapaksa, voted out of office in the january 8 election, said he did not know all the facts, while the new government in colombo said it was aware of the reports but could not confirm them.
new delhis denial of the incident comes after a three-hour meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and his sri lankan counterpart mangala samaraweera.
a sketchy report in sri lankas sunday times newspaper on december 28 had said links with the common opposition had cost the research and analysis wing (raw) station chief in colombo his job.
he was accused of facilitating meetings to encourage several lawmakers, sirisena among them, to defect from rajapaksas party.
the agent was accused of playing a role in convincing the main leader of the opposition, ranil wickremasinghe, not to contest against rajapaksa, and stand aside for someone who could be sure of winning, said the officer and a sri lankan lawmaker who also maintains close contacts with india.
the agent was also in touch with former president chandrika kumaratunga, a key player in convincing sirisena to stand, said the officer.
former president kumaratunga did not respond to requests for comment.
rajapaksas unexpected defeat after two terms in office coincided with growing concern in india that it was losing influence in sri lanka because of the former presidents tilt toward regional rival china.
the concern turned into alarm late last year when rajapaksa allowed two chinese submarines to dock in sri lanka without warning new delhi, as he should have under a standing agreement, said the sources.
new delhi, mar 22, 2012, dhns: 2:10 istleaders still divided over bsy positionplease take a firm decision: either continue with me as chief minister or replace me with yeddyurappa.
there is need to end this uncertainty, gowda is said to have told all the senior leaders whom he met during his less than 24-hour sojourn here during when he called on bjp national president nitin gadkari, party veteran l k advani and other leaders, including sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
as the warring factions of the karnataka bjp put in their defence before the leadership, they were told to bury their differences and allow smooth functioning of the current legislature session.
the national leadership may send an observer to the state once the session concludes.
as a solution continued to evade the party, yeddyurappa submitted a letter to gadkari signed by 67 mlas supporting his demand to be reinstated as chief minister but was asked to be patient for some more time.
gadkari will take an appropriate decision in consultation with the central leadership.
he has also advised all parties concerned to maintain strict party discipline, bjp spokesman ravishankar prasad said.
one of the main reasons for the partys failure to take a quick decision on the karnataka imbroglio is the division within the leadership over reinstating yeddyurappa.
while gadkari and jaitley are said to be backing him, party sources told deccan herald that advani, rajnath singh and m m joshi were opposed to such a move.
though yeddyurappa met advani, the veteran bjp leader did not give any assurance to him and told him to instead discuss with gadkari and sort out the issue.
advani is said to have reposed full faith in gowda when the chief minister met him thursday morning.
significantly, while gowda unilaterally announced to the media that he has been assured by the party central leadership that there will be no change of leadership at present in karnataka, yeddyurappa, accompanied by party karnataka in-charge dharmendra pradhan, said : i am happy with the outcome of the meeting.
.
.
i am confident that the president and the party will take the right decision in the interest of the bjp and the people of karnataka.
though most of the leaders have backed gowda and reposed faith in his leadership, gadkari did not give any assurance on the count.
sources said jaitley, during his meeting with gowda, pointed out that yeddyurappa had the support of a majority of mla and questioned him about the defeat of the udupi-chikmagalur lok sabha seat in the by-poll.
yeddyurappa, who met gadkari along with state ministers jagadesh shettar and umesh katti and rajya sabha member prabhakar kore claimed that if the party had to win the next assembly polls he should be brought back as the chief minister.
pointing out that the party had promised to make him chief minister if he got a legal relief, yeddyurappa said that this should be decided immediately.
urging gadkari not to drag the issue further, he said an early decision would benefit the party during the election year.
new delhi, dec 7, 2015, pti: 17:22 istnda ally shiv sena and opposition parties today sought to corner the modi government inside and outside parliament over the secret nsa-level talks between india and pakistan with the congress accusing it of making a fundamental departure from its position on indo-pak ties.
the government also faced flak from senior bjp leader yashwant sinha, a former external affairs minister, who questioned its strategy, saying it should explain to the country as to why they are resuming the dialogue when the ruling party has been maintaining that talks and terror cannot go on together.
raising the issue at start of rajya sabha proceedings, senior congress leader anand sharma demanded that prime minister narendra modi clarify india's engagement with pakistan and take parliament and opposition into confidence about the direction and roadmap that government has in mind.
i have given a notice under rule 267 so that the prime minister and his government inform the house about the developments and the reasons which have made the government to make a fundamental departure from the position as was conveyed to this august house in the last session with regard to india's engagement with pakistan, he said.
sharma also accused the government of 'disrespecting' parliament.
the government on its part assured the opposition that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will make a statement on the issue later this week.
swaraj will travel tomorrow for a multilateral conference in islamabad, where she will also hold talks with her pakistani counterpart sartaj aziz.
the fact that the foreign secretaries have accompanied the national security advisors means that the scope and the agenda has been expanded.
therefore, we would demand government takes parliament into confidence and the prime minister shares as to what has been the understanding reached between him and prime minister nawaz sharif for the government now to move forward, he said.
responding to him, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi reaffirmed government's strong commitment to national interest and said, on the issue raised by you, i assure you that on december 10 the external affairs minister will come to the house and provide all information on the issues that you have raised.
k c tyagi (jd-u) raised the issue of a purported statement of pakistan nsa saying the issue of terrorism in jammu and kashmir will also be discussed during the talks.
what do you mean by that.
.
.
is this a departure from the past?
we want that the minister declares its position on kashmir, he said.
government also faced heat outside parliament on the nsa-level talks that was held in bangkok yesterday.
bjp all along has been saying that terror and talks can't go together.
.
.
.
terrorist attacks are going on throughout and india itself says tht pakistan is behind them.
so what is the point then(to hold talks).
government owes it to the people of this country to tell them why they are resuming the dialogue, sinha said.
criticising the bangkok talks, shiv sena leader sanjay raut said that having dialogue with pakistan was pointless as their main goal was to destroy india by sponsoring terrorism here and added that no amount of talks would solve the strained ties between the two nations.
he demanded why the talks were happening, saying that the nation was waiting for an answer as well.
congress leader shashi tharoor demanded a clarification from the government on ties with pakistan, saying the prime minister needs to explain the centre's position to the nation as they can't keep changing their stand with the hostile neighbour.
we are not against having talks but we are confused as to what is the government's policy.
.
.
the prime minister and the foreign minister are not explaining their intention and vision to the nation, tharoor told reporters.
he asserted that the congress would fully support the government once they give an explanation to the nation, since it was important to have good ties with the neighbouring nations.
bjp mp r k singh, a former union home secretary, welcomed the talks between the national security advisors and foreign secretaries of india and pakistan in the thai capital and said dialogue was the first step towards improving relations between the two neighbouring countries.
bsy unlikely to expand cabinetlast updated: 23 may, 2011new delhi, may 23, dhns: 0:32 istkarnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa is unlikely to undertake any cabinet reshuffle immediately as the bjp central leadership has instructed him to defer the plan and concentrate on administration.
initially, we had a plan to expand the cabinet to fill the six vacant berths by inducting a few rebel mlas.
but, subsequent developments, including the centres rejection of the governors report, have forced us to rethink on the issue, a senior bjp leader told deccan herald.
the cm, who met top party leaders, including l k advani, nitin gadkari, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley here on monday to thank them for their support in his battle against bhardwaj, raised the issue of cabinet expansion.
however, the leaders advised him to focus on developmental issues.
sources said the leaders advised him to take corrective steps to boost the governments image.
they promised yeddyurappa that they would take a final call on cabinet expansion if the situation arose.
the leaders, while persuading the 11 bjp mlas to return to the partyfold after the supreme court quashed the karnataka high court judgment, are learnt to have promised that three of these legislators would be made ministers while four to five would be made heads of various boards and corporations.
with many aspirants vying for limited berths, the party does not want to invite fresh trouble by undertaking expansion.
it is confident the rebel mlas will not revolt against yeddyurappa again as they have learnt enough lessons from their earlier misadventure, it is learnt.
on continuing the protest against bhardwaj, the leadership also told the cm that the party would take up the issue at national level and would pass a resolution in its national executive to be held next month.
sushma swaraj to visit pakistan for multilateral conferencenew delhi, dec 7 (pti) 11:29 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to islamabad tomorrow on a two-day visit during which she will hold talks with her pakistani counterpart sartaj aziz and attend a multilateral conference on afghanistan.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to lead indian delegation for 'heart of asia' 5th ministerial meeting on afghanistan on december 9 in islamabad, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
swaraj's visit comes two days after talks between the national security advisors of india and pakistan yesterday in bangkok, where they discussed terrorism, jammu and kashmir and a range of key bilateral issues apart from agreeing to carry forward the constructive engagement.
the external affairs minister will call on pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif and meet his adviser on foreign affairs aziz on the sidelines of the 'heart of asia' regional conference on afghanistan on wednesday.
her visit comes three years after former external affairs minister s m krishna travelled to islamabad in 2012 when the countries also inked a visa liberalisation pact.
during her visit, swaraj will be accompanied by foreign secretary s jaishankar, who was also present during the four-hour-long meeting between national security advisor ajit doval and his pakistani counterpart naseer janjua in the thai capital.
the joint statement after the meeting of nsas said the talks were held pursuant to a meeting between prime ministers narendra modi and nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the climate meet in paris, rejecting the version given by the indian side then that it was a mere exchange of courtesies although sharif had told pakistani media that he had a good meeting and doors of dialogue should open.
before paris, modi and sharif had held bilateral meeting in russian city of ufa where they decided that their nsas would meet to discuss all terror-related issues.
however, pakistan had called-off aziz' visit after new delhi had made it clear that he would not be allowed to meet kashmiri separatist leaders in the indian capital.
islamabad, aug 22, 2015, pti: 22:37 istpakistan's announcement brought to an end the battle of attrition as to who would blink first.
that the talks was a non-starter was evident in the last two days in view of the acrimonious exchanges between the two sides but the last straw appeared to be external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's virtual ultimatum to pakistan to give a clear commitment by midnight that it would not go ahead with meeting the separatists.
there will be no talks, swaraj declared when asked what would happen if pakistan did not accept the position outlined by her on separatists and kashmir though she maintained these were not pre-conditions.
the minister was reacting to pakistan nsa sartaj aziz's remarks earlier in the day that he was willing to come to india for talks without any pre-conditions.
aziz's talks with his indian counterpart ajit doval on terror-related issues was scheduled to have taken place in delhi on monday.
what became a red rag for new delhi was the invitation by the pakistan high commission to hurriyat leaders to meet aziz ahead of the first-ever nsa-level talks, which was agreed upon in ufa in russia in july during the meeting between the two prime ministers--narendra modi and nawaz sharif.
the foreign office statement said pakistan has carefully analyzed the contents of the press conference of swaraj.
we have come to the conclusion that the proposed nsa level talks between the two countries would not serve any purpose, if conducted on the basis of the two conditions laid down by the minister, it said.
referring to swaraj's statement, it said that while she accepts that, to ensure durable peace between the two countries, there is a need to discuss all outstanding issues, she then unilaterally restricts the agenda to only two items: creating an atmosphere free from terrorism and tranquility on the loc.
considering that many terror 'incidents' blamed initially by india on pakistan eventually turned out to be fake, it is not improbable that india can delay the resumed dialogue indefinitely by concocting one or two incidents and keeping the loc hot.
it is equally important to recall that terrorism was always a part of the eight point composite dialogue and it was always discussed simultaneously with other issues between the interior secretaries.
it is not reasonable for india to now assume the right to decide unilaterally that from now onwards, other issues will be discussed after terrorism has been discussed and eliminated.
the statement noted that the main purpose of any dialogue between india and pakistan is to reduce tensions and restore trust as a first step towards normalization.
if the only purpose of nsa level talks is to discuss terrorism, then instead of improving the prospects for peace it will only intensify the blame game and further vitiate the atmosphere.
that is why pakistan had suggested that apart from discussion on terrorism related issues, the two sides should also discuss modalities and if possible a time schedule, for discussions on all outstanding issues including kashmir, siachen and sir creek, in keeping with the understanding of the ufa statement, pakistan said this is the only way to improve the prospects for peace between the two countries.
the eams attempt to draw a distinction between preambular and operative paragraphs in the ufa statement appears to be an after-thought to justify a position that is counterproductive in terms of the ultimate objective of reducing tensions and improving trust.
as regards the second pre-condition regarding meeting with hurriyat leaders, the statement said it has been pointed out repeatedly that it has been a long-standing practice that whenever pakistani leaders visited india during the past twenty years, they have been meeting hurriyet leaders.
it would be inappropriate for india to now impose the condition of changing this longstanding practice.
pakistan, therefore, reiterates that the scheduled nsa level talks cannot be held on the basis of the preconditions set by india, it added.
india was also upset over pakistan including kashmir as part of the agenda for the nsa talks that was mainly scheduled to discuss terror.
pakistan reiterates that the scheduled nsa level talks cannot be held on the basis of the preconditions set by india, a statement by the pakistani foreign office said.
women representation in modi ministry goes upto 8new delhi, nov 9, 2014, pti: 15:43 istfirst time uttar pradesh mp sadhvi niranjan jyoti is the lone woman face in today's expansion of the union cabinet which took the total representation of the fairer sex to eight.
47-year-old jyoti is a religious preacher and won the lok sabha polls from fatehpur constituency.
she has been inducted as minister of state.
seven women ministers including six with cabinet rank were included in the council of ministers in may.
the women cabinet ministers are sushmaswaraj swaraj, uma bharti najma heptulla, maneka gandhi, harsimrat kaur badal and smriti zubin irani.
nirmala sitharaman is a minister of state with independent charge.
incidentally, both the youngest and the oldest members in the modi cabinet also happens to be women -smriti and najma.
with today's expansion, the number of ministers in the modi cabinet has gone up to 66.
a total of 21 ministers were inducted today including four cabinet rank and three minister of states with independent charge.
greater noida march 29, 2017(pti) 17:14 ista kenyan woman was allegedly pulled out of a cab and assaulted by some unidentified persons in greater noida, close on the heels of the arrest of five individuals over attacks on african students.
in her complaint, the kenyan national has alleged that she was attacked last night near sector omicron here.
the kenyan woman has informed that last night she was travelling in an ola cab when unknown persons stopped the vehicle, pulled her out and thrashed her, deputy superintendent of police abhinandan said.
the victim was taken to kailash hospital here from where she was discharged later.
the police have lodged an fir and launched a manhunt to arrest the culprits.
earlier, five people were arrested in connection with attacks on african students in greater noida, which sparked concern over their safety and prompting intervention by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after being approached by an african student who pleaded for action describing the situation as life threatening.
four nigerian students were allegedly attacked by a group of greater noida residents who took out a candle-light march after a 17-year-old boy manish died last week in the nsg black cats enclave due to suspected drug overdose.
the protest march was taken out after the police released some nigerians detained for questioning in connection with death of manish, a class 12 student, due to lack of evidence.
however the protesters became violent and started beating up the africans they saw on the road, police officials said.
they also went to ansal mall and caused havoc and beat up african students there.
the police rescued the foreign nationals and moved them to a safe place, s sujata singh, superintendent of police, greater noida had said.
the police had to use force to dissuade people from attacking and had arrested five people from the spot.
new delhi, mar 28, 2017, pti: 10:01 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to the uttar pradesh chief minister today about the alleged attack on african students in noida after a foreign student pleaded with her for swift action, saying living in the area was becoming a life threatening issue.
i have spoken to yogi adityanath ji chief minister of uttar pradesh about attack on african students in greater noida.
he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident (sic), she said in a series of tweets.
responding to a tweet from a student who requested her to act fast as living for us in noida is becoming a life threatening issue, she said that the central government was seized of the matter.
we are taking immediate action, she added.
aap protests near sushmaswaraj swaraj's housenew delhi, june 20, 2015, ians: 11:48 istaround 150 members of the aam aadmi party's (aap) youth wing protested near external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's residence here demanding her resignation for helping former ipl chief lalit modi with travel documents, officials said.
the protesters, headed by aap's youth wing delhi president ankush garg, gathered outside the minister's house in new delhi area around 10 a.
m.
and raised slogans demanding her resignation for helping modi procure documents to travel to portugal last year for his cancer-stricken wife's treatment.
police said they had deputed adequate force and would detain the protesters if they try to break law and order.
as the protest is peaceful as of now, we are trying to negotiate with the protesters to stop their agitation.
however, if needed, they will be detained, a police officer said.
kalyan ray new delhi: may 26, 2016, dhns 1:44 istenvoys may skip africa day celebrationsangered by the recent death of a congolese national in the capital, african nations on wednesday asked india to act against racism and afro-phobia.
they also threatened to boycott the africa day celebrations on thursday unless concrete steps are taken to ensure the safety and security of africans living in india.
within days of the killing of masonda ketada oliver in south delhi, the envoys met here to deliberate extensively on a series of recent attacks against africans in indian cities.
the indian government is strongly enjoined to take urgent steps, including public awareness progrmmes, to guarantee the safety of africans in india.
this will help address the problem of racism and afro-phobia in india, said alem tsehage woldemariam, dean, african group head of missions and ambassador of eritrea, in a statement.
he also said that the african envoys have asked for the postponement of the iccr-organised event to mark africa day because the african community in india, including students, are in a state of mourning in memory of the slain african students in the last few years, including oliver.
african envoys expressed deep concerns that several attacks and harassment of african students in india have gone unresolved without diligent prosecution and conviction of the perpetrators.
oliver was beaten to death last week in near kishengarh village in vasant kunj following a brawl over hiring of an autorickshaw.
this comes four months after a tanzanian girl student was reportedly stripped and assaulted in bengaluru.
mea assuranceon her part, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured the african diplomats she was monitoring the probe personally and would ensure those who killed oliver are punished.
minister of state for external affairs gen v k singh is expected to hold meetings with african students in metro cities.
amar sinha, secretary, economic relations, met a group of african heads of missions, including woldemariam, and assured them that stringent punishment will be handed to those found guilty in olivers case.
tanzanian girl incidentafter the attack on the african girl in bengaluru, tanzanian high commissioner john w h kijazi termed the incident a case of racial discrimination.
tanzania had issued a note verbale (letter of protest) to the mea, asking the government to take legal action against the culprits and ensure safety and security of all african students in india.
but after meeting officials in karnataka, the high commissioner asserted that he was satisfied with the action taken by the authorities.
we went into the facts of the situation and are very impressed with the action of the government, he said after meeting home minister g parameshwara, police officials and african students.
kijazi also stressed on the harmonious coexistence with locals for tanzanians and students from other african nations in bengaluru, as as well as other cities in india.
india makes fervent pitch for permanent seat in unscnew delhi, oct 27, 2015, (pti): 13:52 istmaking a fervent pitch for a permanent seat in the un security council, india today said it along with africa comprising nearly 2.
5 billion people can no longer be excluded from their rightful place in the world body.
although indians and africans comprise nearly 2.
5 billion people, our nations continue to be excluded from appropriate representation in the institutions of global governance.
how can we expect legitimacy from a governance structure that excludes the entire african continent and a country, which represents one-sixth of humanity?
she said, addressing the ministerial meeting of the 3rd india-africa summit here.
unless we put in place more democratic global governance structures, the more equitable and just international security and development frameworks that are essential for the collective peace and prosperity of this planet, will continue to elude us.
with both india and several african countries battling the menace of terrorism, the eam batted for better cooperation through intelligence sharing, training and other measures to counter the problem.
in view of the fast growing linkages of such terrorist groups across the globe, we must step up our cooperation through intelligence exchange, training and other measures to counter this menace.
we also hope that the international community will cooperate with urgency to adopt the comprehensive convention against international terrorism, she said.
new delhi, jul 19 , 2015,pti: 11:49 istthe monsoon session of parliament beginning tuesday is set to be stormy as congress and several other opposition parties appeared to be closing ranks to corner the government on a range of issues including vyapam scam and lalit modi controversy.
besides pressing for removal of union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and smriti irani, opposition parties have indicated that they would raise the issue of scams and controversies allegedly involving bjp chief ministers -- shivraj singh chouhan of madhya pradesh, vasundhara raje of rajasthan and raman singh of chhattisgarh -- and demand their resignations.
external affairs minister swaraj is at the centre of a major row for helping former ipl boss lalit modi secure travel documents in the uk, while hrd minister irani is facing the opposition's flak in the wake of a controversy over her educational qualifications.
the ruling bjp, on its part, is likely to train its guns on himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh of congress, who is embroiled in a disproportionate assets case.
in an indication of the challenges his government is likely to face in parliament, prime minister narendra modi has convened the maiden meeting of all nda constituents tomorrow to deliberate the strategy to counter the opposition.
before meeting the allies at his residence, the prime minister may also attend two separate all-party meetings called by parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan to discuss ways to ensure a smooth session.
sensing the opposition heat awaiting his government in parliament, modi had on friday acknowledged that there will be a 'muqabla' (contest).
the government's floor managers conceded monsoon session could be stormy.
in the last lok sabha, an entire session was washed out over the opposition's demand for a joint parliamentary committee in the 2g scam.
while the bjp-led nda commands an absolute majority in lok sabha, it lacks numbers in the upper house where congress is the largest party and holds key to the passage of the crucial legislations, including gst and land bill.
senior nda ministers had on thursday held a meeting to chalk out the strategy for pushing the government's legislative business in view of the opposition parties closing ranks on various issues.
the government has finalised 35 items of business for the monsoon session, which included nine bills pending in rajya sabha and four pending in lok sabha, besides introduction of 11 new bills.
the four bills pending in lok sabha include the contentious land bill but sources say it is unlikely to be taken up during this session as the joint committee of parliament scrutinising the bill is unlikely to complete its proceedings on time.
the three other bills pending in the lower house are the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) amendment bill, 2014, delhi high court (amendment) bill, 2015 and the electricity (amendment) bill, 2014.
crucial among the nine bills pending in rajya sabha are the constitution (one hundred and twenty second) amendment bill, 2014 relating to gst, which is currently with a select committee of rajya sabha, the whistle blower protection (amendment) bill, 2015, the prevention of corruption (amendment) bill, 2013 and the juvenile justice (care and protection of children) amendment bill, 2015.
other important bills pending in rajya sabha are the child labour (prohibition and regulation) amendment bill, 2012, the appropriation act (repeal) bill -- which seeks to repeal obsolete laws, and the readjustment of representation of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes in parliamentary, assembly constituencies (third) bill, 2014.
the 11 new bills, which the government plans to introduce include the consumer protection (amendment) bill, 2015 that plans for sweeping changes in consumer protection laws and create a consumer protection authority to fast-track grievance redressal of consumers on the lines of the us and european countries.
others are the constitution (amendment) bills, 2015 relating to reservation of women in panchayats and urban local bodies, arbitration and conciliation (amendment) bill, 2015 to settle commercial disputes outside courts, the high court and supreme court judges (salaries and conditions of services), which seeks to redress their long-pending demand of high court judges of one rank one pension, the national commission for women bill, 2015 and the human deoxyribose nucleic acid (dna) profiling bill, 2015.
lalit modi-vasundhara raje friendship was once the talk of rajasthanjaipur, june 19, 2015 (ians) 16:33 istthe friendship between former ipl boss lalit modi and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje may have dimmed but there was a time when people in rajasthan used to talk about the closeness between the two.
lalit modi in his interview to a tv channel has acknowledged the fact of his long friendship with raje.
my relationship with vasundhara raje goes back 30 years.
she is a close friend of the family and my wife, modi told india today tv this week.
raje, in a statement issued recently, has accepted the fact that she knows the family of the former india premier league commissioner who is charged with financial impropriety and money laundering.
people of rajasthan came to know about modi when he became rajasthan cricket association (rca) president in 2005, when the raje-led bjp government was in power in the state.
and after that there was no looking back for modi, who eventually became the first ipl chairman.
after raje became chief minister in 2003, and remained in the post till 2008, modi was accused of running a parallel government.
he was known to have booked a suite for himself in a five-star hotel where he would come and stay.
congress leaders accuse him of even interfering in running of the government at that time.
at times the officers met him in his (hotel) suite with files, but raje never stopped them even though she knew about it, ashok gehlot, former chief minister of rajasthan, had alleged in 2010 while addressing a press conference when he was the chief minister.
gehlot of the congress in a statement issued recently said, i have been constantly raising the corruption nexus between vasundhara raje and lalit modi since 2003-04.
the relationship was so close between the two that raje, who according to modi had accompanied his wife to portugal for her cancer treatment in 2012 and 2013, signed a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the same cancer institute in 2014 to set up a modern cancer institute in jaipur.
as per a government of rajasthan press release, the raje-led bjp government entered into a memorandum of understanding on october 2, 2014 with the champalimaud foundation of portugal where lalit modi's wife was treated.
the mou was signed in the presence of raje where she also spoke and said that cancer patients will get better treatment and the centre will prove to be a boon for people who cannot afford the high cost of cancer treatment.
according to an official statement issued on that day, the state government allotted 34,400 sq metre land in the rajasthan health science university premise at pratap nagar, jaipur for this institute.
as per the mou, the champalimaud foundation will extend technical support in designing the infrastructure of the centre.
it will also provide technical support in finalizing specifications and selection of equipment for diagnosis, treatment and research.
the close friendship between the two, however, turned sour.
though no one is sure of the reason but one of the reasons was reportedly also the ticket distribution in the 2013 assembly elections.
the name of raje cropped up on tuesday in connection with the lalit modi affair over allegations that she testified in favour of the former ipl chief's british immigration application in 2011.
the opposition congress has demanded raje's resignation for helping modi, who is charged by the enforcement directorate with financial impropriety and money laundering in connection with the money-spinning ipl cricket tourney.
the revelations about raje came in the aftermath of the controversy over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helping modi, who lives in london since 2010, with travel documents.
sushma has admitted she helped modi travel to portugal last july for treatment of his cancer-stricken wife on humanitarian grounds.
(anil sharma can be contacted at anil.
s@ians.
14 indians killed in haj stampede: sushmaswaraj swarajnew delhi, sep 25, 2015, pti: 15:23 istthe number of indian casualties has gone up to 14 in the haj stampede in saudi arabia that claimed 717 lives and left over 800 injured, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
our consul general jeddah reports loss of 14 indian lives in stampede, the minister said in a tweet.
she added that we have 13 injured in hospital.
the exact number will be known after confirmation by saudi authorities, she further said.
the second biggest tragedy to hit the annual pilgrimage in saudi arabia took place yesterday at 9 am local time (1130 ist) due to a sudden surge in the number of pilgrims heading to jamarat for symbolic stoning of the devil by throwing pebbles against three stone walls.
authorities had yesterday said that four indians, including a woman and a volunteer, were killed in the stampede which occurred at the intersection of two streets leading to jamarat, about five kilometres from makkah.
this is the second worst tragedy to hit the haj after 1990, when 1,426 pilgrims were killed in a stampede inside a tunnel leading to holy sites.
meanwhile, reports in jeddah said that 13 indians are missing following the tragedy.
following is the list of indians killed in the haj stampede in saudi arabia yesterday.
shamshudeen mohamad ebrahim (tamil nadu).
mohideen pitchal (tamil nadu).
mohammad rustam ali (jharkhand).
nizaul haque (jharkhand)  volunteer.
saleem yousuf shaikh (maharashtra).
mohammad hanief hasan (gujarat).
mohammad madinabibi (gujarat).
diwan ayubsha bafaisah (gujarat).
diwan jubedabibi aiyubsha (gujarat).
soda rehmat qasam (gujarat).
betara fatmaben karim (gujarat).
bolim havbai ishak (gujarat).
nagori johrabibi (gujarat).
nagori rukhsana mohammad ishak (gujarat).
thirteen other pilgrims are injured and admitted in various hospitals in makkah and surrounding areas.
following are emergency nos in mecca:00966125458000, 00966125496000.
toll free number for pilgrims in saudi arabia : 8002477786.
india pulls oz strings for adani groupnew delhi, april 14, 2015, dhns: 1:00 istaboriginal group is opposing $16.
5-million coal project in queenslandindia sought an early end to the impasse over adani groups mining project at carmichael in queensland state of australia as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her australian counterpart julie bishop met in new delhi on tuesday.
with swaraj and bishop holding the 10th bilateral foreign ministers framework dialogue, new delhi conveyed its concerns over resistance to adani groups coal mining project in queensland, noting that such impasse could send out a negative message to the indian investors looking for opportunities in australia.
australian officials accompanying bishop are understood to have conveyed to new delhi that their government was confident that adanis $ 16.
5 billion dollar mining project would come through.
the aboriginal wangan and jagalingou people launched a stir to block adani groups coal mining project at their ancestral land north of the galilee basin in central queensland.
with new delhi and canberra keen to boost bilateral economic ties with focus on trade and investment, swaraj and bishop on tuesday also agreed on the importance of finalising a mutually beneficial ceca (comprehensive economic cooperation agreement)the role of the india-australia ceos forum and make in india show to be held in australia later in the year also figured prominently in the discussion between swaraj and bishop.
they also explored ways for an early conclusion of the administrative arrangements on civil nuclear cooperation to facilitate flow of uranium from australia to india.
they highlighted the importance of people-to-people contacts and welcomed the establishment of the indian cultural centre in sydney, the forthcoming festival of india in australia and growing tourism and cultural exchanges.
they noted the growing community of indian students in australia and the introduction of the new colombo plan, which will bring australian students to india.
swaraj and bishop agreed to strengthen cooperation to upgrade the indian school of mines in dhanbad, establish a sports university in india and exchange expertise for water management projects.
bishop met defence minister manohar parrikar and finance minister arun jaitley also.
she also had a meeting with minister for water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, uma bharti.
they discussed growing water partnership between australia and india in the wake of the agreement between prime ministers tony abbott and narendra modi in november 2014.
under a new programme of technical collaboration, australias national science agency, the csiro, will work with indias national mission for clean ganga to jointly to develop a water quality assessment framework, including a scorecard system for measuring and reporting on water quality in the river.
the work will result in a more detailed understanding of the types of pollutants entering the ganga.
govt keen on good arab tiesnew delhi, nov 07, 2014, dhns: 1:43 istnew delhi on friday hosted top diplomats from arab countries even as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is set to leave for a three-day tour to abu dhabi early next week.
the narendra modi government is keen to deepen its ties with the arab world.
swaraj will have a meeting with united arab emirates foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan during her first official visit to abu dhabi from november 10 to 12.
the ministry of external affairs stated that swaraj and her uae counterpart would discuss bilateral, regional and other issues of mutual interest.
india enjoys close and multifaceted comprehensive partnership with uae, with a well-balanced bilateral trade that amounted to $ 59 billion in 2013-14.
the uae was indias largest trading partner in 2012-13.
it is the 11th largest source of foreign direct investment to india.
it is also the sixth largest supplier of crude oil to india.
swaraj, who also heads the ministry of overseas indian affairs, will also interact with the indian community in uae.
nearly 26 lakh indians constitute the largest expatriate group in the uae.
apart from meeting her counterpart in abu dhabi, swaraj is also likely to call on the top leadership of the uae.
new delhi hosted the first senior officials meeting of the india-arab cooperation forum on friday.
intolerance debate created by those being paid money: vk singhlos angeles, nov 16, 2015, (pti) 9:58 istthe debate over intolerance in india is an unnecessary creation of very imaginative minds being paid with a lot of money, union minister v k singh has alleged, asserting that it was a politically motivated move before the bihar polls.
this particular debate (on intolerance) is no debate.
it is the unnecessary creation of very imaginative minds who are being paid with a lot of money, minister of state for external affairs singh told reporters on the sidelines of the regional pravasi bharatiya divas here.
attending the two-day event in place of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had to return mid-way from dubai in the wake of the paris terror attacks, singh alleged that debate over intolerance in india was politically motivated and purposefully generated before the bihar assembly elections.
i do not want to comment on how indian media works.
and i will take you back about all the funny things that are being talked about intolerance, what you are meaning.
when the delhi (assembly) elections took place, suddenly we found a spate of articles and a lot of hysteria that was created that churches are being attacked, the christian community is being isolated etc, singh, who is a former army chief, said in response to a question on intolerance in india.
a small incidence of theft in a church was depicted as an attack on church.
why?
because there was somebody who was trying to garner the votes, and the media was playing the ball.
whether it was being paid or not paid, i do not know.
that's a decision or opinion that you have to make, he said.
i am just giving you the facts.
the day that election was over all the hoopla was gone, he alleged.
same is (the case with) this intolerance debate.
the moment bihar elections are over everything is gone.
so lets not unnecessarily do things, which are wrong.
all these people who were talking of intolerance and i would like you to put it down in your papers what happened when a gandhian (anna hazare) in his 70s protesting against corruption was picked up in the middle of a night and put into tihar (jail).
which was the government in place at that time?
he asked.
have these people got any moral authority to even speak anything.
so lets not unnecessarily confuse ourselves with this that is happening and lesson is for the indian media, singh said.
earlier, in his keynote address to the regional pravasi bharatiya divas here, singh said inclusiveness has become the hallmark of the narendra modi-led government.
things in india have changed.
after the new government came (to power) in india last year, the thrust of the government of india has changed.
inclusiveness become the hall mark of the government policies.
the present climate that is being created in india is investor friendly, to ensure people feel confident in investing and to ensure that you reap the benefit of investing in india, singh said.
at least 75 members of the intelligentsia have returned national or literary awards in an escalation of protests by writers, historians, filmmakers and scientists over growing intolerance, voicing fears that the country's robust democracy might be coming apart in the current atmosphere.
the bjp-led government has dismissed the protest as manufactured rebellion and politically motivated.
new delhi, march 21, 2017, dhns 1:28 istmystery over their disappearance deepenstwo clerics of hazrat nizamuddin dargah in delhi returned from pakistan on monday, even as the mystery deepened over their disappearance in the neighbouring country early last week.
syed asif ali nizami and nazim ali nizami told journalists in new delhi that a pakistani security agency had detained them after a local newspaper wrongly reported that they were agents of an indian external espionage organisation.
new delhi had prodded islamabad to help find the missing clerics.
but it was only after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her counterpart in pakistan government, sartaj aziz, and sought his intervention that islamabad conveyed that the two men had been traced.
pakistans ministry of foreign affairs conveyed to the high commission of india in islamabad on saturday that the missing clerics had been traced.
some pakistani newspapers quoted sources to report that the clerics had gone to a far-flung place in sindh and could not contact their relatives in india due to poor phone network availability.
the clerics, who met swaraj at the ministry of external affairs headquarters on monday, however, told journalists that the visas granted by pakistan government did not permit them to visit interior areas of sindh.
the two clerics went missing while on a visit to pakistan.
they reached lahore airport together on march 14 to catch a flight to karachi.
nazim ali nizami was asked to deboard the plane while asif ali nizami was allowed to fly to karachi, sources in new delhi said.
asif ali called up his family in delhi from karachi to inform that nazim ali had been offloaded from the plane in lahore.
neither of them could be traced after asif alis last call from karachi.
i was taken to a place quite far from karachi, with my face covered, said asif ali.
we were not troubled, and were kept in vip rooms.
my details were asked, dargah's details too.
i was offered food, they prepared tea for me and biscuits, he added.
yes, they had been detained in pakistan after some media reports, said asif ali nizamis son sajid nizami.
there is a newspaper ummat (pakistan) which has printed false statements (of the clerics being raw spies) and photos, said nazim ali.
the nizamuddin dargah of delhi has a strong spiritual link with data darbar in lahore.
mulayam holds upa to ransomnew delhi, mar 20, 2013, dhns: 2:37 istsp leader wants beni prasad sackedwith the dmk walking out, the upa government has found itself in deep water after its key partner, samajwadi party (sp) leader mulayam singh yadav, pressed for the resignation of his bete noire union steel minister beni prasad verma.
the samajwadi partys support is crucial for the survival of the government after the dmk withdrew support to the ruling coalition.
the samajwadi party forced repeated adjournments in both houses over vermas remarks against yadav, who found support from several quarters, including opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj of the bjp.
swaraj not only demanded vermas resignation but also wanted the matter referred to the privileges committee.
verma had tarnished the image of the sp chief who is a respected leader of the house, swaraj remarked.
verma, a backward class leader from uttar pradesh, had claimed that yadav had links with terrorists and took commission for the sps outside support to the upa government.
on a day when yadav refused to accept the regret expressed by verma, congress president sonia gandhi was seen walking the extra mile to placate the sp supremo.
she was seen pleading with yadav in the lok sabha.
although what transpired between them was not made official, sp members said gandhi requested yadav not to press for vermas resignation.
following dmks exit from the upa coalition, the government is dependent on the support of the sp and the bahujan samaj party, besides rashtriya janata dal and janata dal(s) for survival.
yadav seemed to have changed tack and toughened his stance on the issue hours after the dmk called it quits.
however, party sources said he will take a final decision on verma on thursday.
it is his way of making the congress weak despite supporting it, said an mp from uttar pradesh.
wednesday was a day of odd developments.
yadavs brother, ramgopal yadav, praised the bjp, the nda government and the prime ministership of a b vajpayee.
he also criticised the congress over the partys way of treating its allies.
besides, lalu prasad yadav of the rjd supported yadav, even as sharad yadav of the opposition jd(u) held one-on-one talks with ahmed patel, gandhis political secretary.
the sp chief, known to be a tough bargainer, raised a few eyebrows as he met ncp chief and union minister sharad pawar.
they are said to have discussed the present political situation as well as the possibility of forming a coalition of regional parties in future.
while the government appeared to be susceptible to pulls and pressures, union ministers p chidamabram and kamal nath led the governments spirited defence.
they claimed that there was no threat to the governments stability.
mayawatis bsp, which on tuesday said it will continue to support the government, remained silent.
we are watching everything, a bsp member told deccan herald.
meanwhile, upa renegade mamata banerjee supported the upa government over the proposed parliamentary resolution on the sri lankan tamils issue.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 12 2017, 20:04 istin his first visit to the us after the new administration took over, prime minister narendra modi will hold talks with president donald trump on june 26 on a range of issues, including india's concerns over possible changes in h1b visa rules.
announcing the visit from june 25, the external affairs ministry today said the modi-trump discussions will provide a new direction for a deeper bilateral engagement.
this will be the first meeting between the two leaders, the ministry added.
prime minister will hold official talks with president trump on june 26.
their discussions will provide a new direction for deeper bilateral engagement on issues of mutual interest and consolidation of multi-dimensional strategic partnership between india and the us, the ministry said.
almost 1.
8 million h-1b visas have been distributed in fiscal years 2001 through 2015, according to a pew research center analysis of government data.
from fiscal years 2001 to 2015, workers from india received the largest share (50.
5 percent) of all h-1b visas for first-time employment.
regional security situation including pakistan-sponsored terrorism and other international issues are expected to figure prominently during the meeting of the two leaders.
apart from ways to enhance trade and business cooperation, the two leaders are also expected to discuss defence ties.
us defence secretary james mattis has already made it clear that his country recognises india as a major defence partner partly out of respect for new delhi's indispensable role in maintaining stability in the indian ocean region.
the us is exploring new ways to address new challenges as well from maritime security to the growing threat posed by the spread of terrorism in southeast asia, mattis had said.
modi's visit also comes in the backdrop of trump announcing withdrawal of the us from the paris climate deal and saying, india makes its participation contingent on receiving billions and billions of dollars from developed countries.
strongly rejecting trump's contention, india had asserted it signed the paris agreement not under duress or for lure of money but due to its commitment to protect environment.
placard war between cong, bjpnew delhi, july 23, 2015, dhns: 1:17 istin a clear disregard to parliamentary norms, congress and bjp were engaged in a bitter placard war on thursday to score political points over scams plagueing both the parties.
the standoff between the two could wash out legislative business of the entire opening week of the monsoon session.
though opposition parties have been using placards besides slogan shouting inside both the houses, ruling party lawmakers rarely use posters as means of protest.
the bjp mps, however, breached that parliamentary practice when some of them held placards in ls to highlight scams under the congress regime in order to counter similar move by the opposition members.
hinting congress president sonia gandhis son-in-law robert vadras alleged illegal land purchases, one the bjp posters scripted in hindi stated: ulta chor kotwal ko daante, kisano ki zameen damaad ko baante (like a thief rebuking cops, farmers land is given to the son-in-law).
c for corruption, c for congress and congress ka raaj jahan, ghotalon ki baadh wahan (scams flood wherever congress rules) were other two placards waved by bjp members.
congress mps who have been wearing black bands and displaying posters since wednesday demanding resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two cms  shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhara raje  for their alleged involvement in lalitgate and vyapam scam, did again for the second day, adding some more catchy lines.
oppn targets sushma's daughternew delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 1:27 istbansuri was part of legal team helping lalit modithe opposition on monday raised questions over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs daughter being part of a legal team that assisted former ipl chief lalit modi in a case challenging the upa governments decision to revoke his passport.
sushmas daughter bansuri was working with senior advocate u u lalit, who was appointed judge of the supreme court after narendra modi became prime minister last may, on the case in the delhi high court.
the high court, however, ruled in lalit modis favour asking the government to return his passport.
bansuri is now practising as an independent lawyer.
is it not a fact that there is a clear-cut case of conflict of interest made out vis-a-vis external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj?
is it not a fact that her daughter bansuri was appearing in passport cancellation matters of lalit modi both before the single judge bench and division bench of the high court as is apparent from the two judgments dated 16.
1.
2013 and 27.
8.
2014?
said congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala.
is it not a fact that on grant of travel documents by the uk, lalit modi thanked the ministers husband and daughter?
he added.
the british government on monday maintained that it had issued travel documents to lalit modi in accordance with the law.
london-based newspapers had also revealed that labour mp keith vaz had offered to help sushmas nephew, jyotirmay kaushal, get admission into a british law degree course.
she, however, clarified last evening that regarding jyotirmays admission into a law course at sussex university, he secured admission through the normal process in 2013, a year before i became a minister.
though the congress attacked narendra modi and sushmaswaraj with more vigour on monday, nda ally the shiv sena and several bjp leaders came out in support of the senior union minister.
the sena, which had earlier pitched for sushmaswaraj as their choice of prime minister in the run up to 2014 lok sabha elections, felt that the whole controversy was to turn a non-issue into an issue.
sena leader sanjay raut met sushmaswaraj to express his partys solidarity.
the way the external affairs ministry has performed under sushmaswaraj , it has become a strong pillar of the modi government.
so she is being targeted to weaken the government and destabilise it, he said.
raut also said that he was not aware of what is happening inside that party when his comment was sought on insinuations made by bjp leaders kirti azad and shatrughan sinha.
the bjp leaders had hinted at an insiders job for flaring up the whole controversy.
urban development minister m venkaiah naidu said: the external affairs minister is doing a wonderful job.
nothing illegal, nothing immoral has been done.
let us not try to politicise issues which are done on humanitarian grounds.
environment minister prakash javadekar said that the upa government allowed the former ipl chief, who was facing a income tax department and enforcement directorate probe, to escape from the country.
opportunities await you in india, modi tells nris at pravasi bhartiya divasgandhinagar, jan 8, 2015, (pti) 15:31 istseeking deeper engagement of the indian diaspora for the country's growth, prime minister narendra modi today said a whole lot of possibilities were awaiting them in india as it has risen with new strength.
in his address at the 13th pravasi bhartiya divas here which marked the 100th anniversary of mahatma gandhi's return to india from south africa, he said the whole world was looking at india with great expectations and what was needed was confidence and capability.
describing indian diaspora as great capital for the country, the prime minister appealed to the community of over 25 million people living in over 200 countries to help transform the nation.
i am convinced that people of indian origin are our capital and strength, he said adding that, if we focus on this segment, we can create a lot of respect for the country globally.
making it clear that it is not only the pound sterling and the dollars that the government is interested in, modi asked the diaspora to help in transforming india.
those who want to work, there is a lot you can do, he said, citing the example of a young muslim girl of indian origin born in an african nation and settled in canada, who stayed in kutch for months to help with the post-earthquake rehabilitation work in 2001.
referring to merging of the pio and oci cards through a recent ordinance and extending visa on arrival facilities for several countries, modi said his government has fulfilled the promises made to them.
there used to be a time when you left your beloved country to explore opportunities in different parts of the world.
.
.
now i want to assure you that lot many possibilities are awaiting you as time is changing rapidly and india has risen with new strength, modi said to around 4,000 members of the diaspora.
president of guyana donald r ramotar, south africa's international relations minister maite nkoana-mashabane, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and it and telecom minister ravi shankar prasad and gujarat chief minister anandiben patel were among those present at the event.
invoking gandhi, modi said his philosophies and teachings continue to inspire the world when it comes to humane development and resolving various problems facing the world.
when it comes to development while keeping humanity at its core, there is nothing greater than mahatma gandhi's philosophies, he said.
exhorting the diaspora to participate in the clean ganga initiative, he said the exercise is not only important from religious and environmental perspectives but also key to economic development of 40 per cent of india's population.
modi said after becoming prime minister he had the opportunity to meet over 50 heads of state and all wanted greater engagement with india.
the world is looking forward to embracing us, he said, adding it is now the duty of indians to prove equal to the expectations of the world with confidence.
modi appeared to take a dig at previous upa government over its lack of enthusiasm to the annual event which was launched by then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in 2003.
you did not feel like attending the event.
some people would come because they had to and some people came because they could not help but come, the prime minister said, adding that he remained a regular at the event because of his conviction in its significance.
modi said the annual event has great significance and it should not be measured in terms of investment only as he referred to the emotional bond between india and its diaspora.
some people feel that this relation with the pravasis is driven by expectations, i think meeting our own people is a pleasure in itself, he said.
talking about issues relating to overseas indians, he said a mechanism for travel authorisation through electronic means have been put in place to ease travel to india by the diaspora community.
now you can do this through online correspondence so that your time is saved and our embassy could be most useful to you, he said.
modi said the rule requiring pio card holders to visit the local police station for verification every week has been done away with.
this decision shows how much this government values your self respect and dignity.
the prime minister also referred to declaration of june 21 as the world yoga day by the united nations following up on his proposal.
the fact that 177 out of 193 un member countries supported the indian proposal and the un making the announcement within 100 days is a small reflection on how the world is ready to embrace india, he said.
new delhi, jan 31, 2015 (ians) 8:55 isttwo days after she was abruptly relieved of her post, former foreign secretary sujatha singh said friday that her reputation has been tarnished by adverse stories coming out about her on social media and that it was not necessary to get low and dirty.
singh, who sought early retirement after the narendra modi government appointed s. jaishankar to replace her wednesday night, told ndtv news channel in an interview that she believed in team work and in strengthening the institutional framework of the external affairs ministry.
without referring to her successor, she said she has always believed in keeping a low profile and if she had wanted she could have beaten the drum about her achievements all these years.
at the outset, singh said that she was doing the interview because i felt that i needed to do it, because i want an honourable exit; i don't meant a tenure as an ambassador, i don't mean a tenure in the upsc, i mean an exit in keeping with what i have been as an individual, in keeping with what i have been as an officer, with what i have been as a foreign secretary.
she said the commentary that she has seen about herself over the past two days has pained me deeply.
i believe that it was not necessary to get low and dirty.
i wanted to give in my papers and leave, without any ceremony and without any fuss, but unfortunately that has not been the case, and i believe that my reputation has been tarnished.
i believe the social media has gone into overdrive and i believe that there are stories that are being planted that tarnish whatever i have been as an officer over these years in service, she said.
she said that her exit was probably a decision that had been taken, and that nothing i could have done would have made a difference.
taking credit for the successful foreign policy overdrive of the modi government, she said: the first eight months of the new government's foreign policy engagements have been intensely successful.
they have been the most charged and successful engagement of any new government that you can think of.
and they went beautifully.
it was the mea that delivered, and it was a team of dedicated officers, men and women in my ministry, and in our embassies and posts overseas who did the meticulous preparation and who delivered under my leadership.
i brought it all together.
on the just-concluded visit of us president barack obama, singh said she had worked very closely with the pmo.
all the elements that came together.
how many ministries were involved.
.
.
the administrative arrangements and the liability clause for the civil nuclear deal - i gave directions, i gave guidance, i gave advice, i coordinated it very closely with the pmo while doing this, she said.
she said despite the intensive work her ministry put to make the foreign visits and diplomatic engagements successful, there was negative feedback from time to time on what the mea was doing but she was told not to take it personally as it happens with other ministries too.
i knew things were not going quite right because i did not have the one-on-one interaction with the prime minister that i had repeatedly asked for, she said, and added that she was sounded out three weeks ago if she wanted to move to another post with a tenure.
singh said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to her 2 p.
m.
wednesday that modi wanted jaishankar in her place.
the eam called me at 2 p.
m.
and told me she had some not so pleasant news to give me.
.
.
that the pm wants dr jaishankar as his foreign secretary.
i think she was a little surprised that i wasn't more taken aback, because at the back of my mind, i had my letter for my early retirement ready.
i was earlier planning to have a letter of resignation ready but i was told i would lose my retirement benefits.
singh said she wrote her letter, saying that as instructed by the pm, i hereby request for early retirement.
then she first informed her husband and her parents because she did not want them to hear from the media, went back to her office and cleared her desk of all pending files, before submitting her letter to the minister at between 7 and 8 p.
m.
sushma to inform parliament on india, pakistan talksnew delhi, dec 10, 2015, (ians): 11:18 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will brief parliament about india, pakistan dialogue on thursday, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said.
sushma swaraj will make a statement about the india-pakistan dialogue at the parliament today (thursday), naqvi told the media.
sushma swaraj was in pakistan on wednesday to attend the heart of asia conference.
india and pakistan on wednesday agreed to start a comprehensive bilateral dialogue and sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed that prime minister narendra modi will visit islamabad next year to attend the saarc summit.
sushma denies all link to 'lalitgate' in rsnew delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:20 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday broke her silence in the rajya sabha, firmly denying any link to lalitgate.
this triggered a fresh row, with the congress claiming it was not an official statement as she spoke without the chair's permission.
amidst vociferous protests by the congress, the minister, who the opposition party claims reportedly extended a helping hand to tainted indian premiere league ex-commissioner lalit modi, said: i did not request the british government for travel documents of lalit modi.
allegations against me are baseless and unfounded.
as the opposition complained to the rajya sabha chairperson in this regard, an exasperated leader of the house arun jaitley asked deputy chairperson p j kurien to remove from record all speeches made by opposition leaders without prior permission from the chair.
kurien later ruled what swaraj's spoke was not an official statement, but only a response to the allegations levelled against her by congress leader anand sharma.
no rule was breached and she was within her rights to reply.
the minister said she was coming to the house for the past seven-eight days hoping to make a statement.
while swaraj was clearly in a mood to speak, congress members trooped to the well protesting against the narendra modi government, compelling kurien to adjourn the house.
sharma said the house had been in a stalemate because of the government's arrogance and order would not be restored unless the prime minister responded, fixing accountability and responsibility.
kurien shot back: unless you start the discussion, the prime minister cannot respond.
the moment was seized upon by jaitley, who said if sharma was unwilling to initiate a discussion, swaraj would make a statement on her own to start the discussion, providing the floor to the beleaguered minister.
oct 29, 2015, dhns 1:27 isttwo uranium-rich african nations namibia and nigeron wednesday offered to supply the nuclear fuel to india, which aims to ramp up its nuclear power base within a decade.
the offers were made at the bilateral meetings that prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had with the visiting african leaders, who are in the capital for the india-africa partnership forum.
the uranium-supply issue figured at the meeting that modi had with niger president issoufou mahamadou.
swaraj, too, discussed it with namibian deputy prime minister netumbo nandi-ndaitwah.
india currently imports uranium from four countries, including russia.
while negotiations are on with two of the largest producerscanada and australia, new delhi is exploring the option of finding out new sources because of its ambitious nuclear energy programme.
the namibian minister informed swaraj that the african nation is setting up a national company with which commercial negotiations for uranium could be initiated, said sanjiv kohli, a joint secretary in the ministry of external affairs (mea), who looks after west africa.
india's domestic uranium is inadequate even to fully feed the indigenous small and mid-size reactors.
as the nuclear power corporation of india plans larger units of 700-900 mwe capacity, the search is on for more uranium sources.
each 220 mw unit needs 45 tonnes of uranium oxide fuel every year to run it at 85 per cent capacity factor.
the requirement is 100 tonnes for each 540 mw units and 125 tonnes for 700 mwe units.
six 700 mwe units are under construction now.
modi had 19 bilateral meets with the african leadership, which mea spokesperson vikas swarup termed as unprecedented.
egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi has also reached new delhi and more bilaterals are slated on the sidelines of the summit.
swaraj, too, met 12 of her counterparts.
new delhi, may 31, 2015, (pti): 17:07 istpresident pranab mukherjee today embarked on a five-day state visit to sweden and belarus, the first ever by any indian head of state, during which a number of key agreements are likely to be signed.
he was given a ceremonial send-off at rashtrapati bhavan by prime minister narendra modi, vice president hamid ansari, delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and the three service chiefs.
mukherjee's visit to sweden, where he is headed first, comes on the back of a controversy that broke out over reported remarks made by him to a swedish daily.
but the external affairs ministry had firmly shot down speculation that the issue could have an adverse impact on the tour of the scandinavian nation.
after arrival at swedish capital stockholm, the president will meet the king and queenas well as prime minister stefan lofven, the speaker of the swedish parliament, and the leader of opposition, anna kinberg batra.
he will be received at arlanda airport by crown princess victoria and prince daniel.
the king and queen will receive the president at the royal mews for a horse-drawn cortge to the royal palace, where the traditional welcoming ceremony will take place.
during the three-day visit to the country, mukherjee would be visiting the renowned karolinska institute anduppsala university, the oldest university in europe which wasstarted in 1477.
the visit will focus on innovation, sustainable development, urban development and scientific research with both countries exploring ways to enhance mutual exchange in the areas of trade and science.
the president will also interact with the members of the indian community, which comprises 18,000 people of indian origin (pio) and overseas citizens of india card holders and indian passport holders working in the hospitality industry and it sector.
sweden is the third-largest contributor of foreign direct investment (fdi) to india besides being the country's third- largest trade partner after china and japan.
mukherjee is accompanied byminister of state for chemicals and fertilisers, hansraj gangaram ahir, as well as members of parliament ghulam nabi azad and ashwani kumar.
about seven vice chancellors, directors of leading indian universities and over 60 business leaders, too, are headed to sweden to take part in a bilateral business forum.
the president will also be visiting a swedish smart city, where hewill be briefed about its functioning and on the different aspects of civic governance.
at the moment, there is fortuitous and very potentially fruitful matching of the economic requirements of india in terms of several programmes that have been launched by the government like 'make in india', skill development, 'swachh bharat', 'digital india' and the smart city urbanisation programme, secretary (west) navtej sarna had said.
the mea secretary had said that a number of agreements are likelyto be signed during mukherjee'e visit at the government level and at the educationalinstitution and business level.
on the second leg of the visit, mukherjee will travel to belarus on june 2.
he will jointly address abusiness conference along withhis belarusian counterpart alexander lukashenko and also unveil a statue of mahatma gandhi.
a refurbished power project, for which the work has been done by bhel, too, will be inaugurated by the president.
also, agreements covering sebi and ministry of finance, bureau of indian standards as well as information between prasar bharti and national state television are expected to be effected.
belarus, which is being considered as assembly line for heavy vehicles, continues to maintain its tradition after thebreak up of ussr.
new delhi, aug 12, 2015, (ians): 13:30 istthe lok sabha on wednesday began a debate on the lalit modi controversy which has paralysed the house for the entire ongoing monsoon session.
the discussion was held under an adjournment motion as demanded by the congress was opened by senior party leader mallikarjun kharge.
before the discussion began, there was a heated discussion on whether former ipl chief lalit modi, who is being probed by the enforcement directorate, can be called a fugitive.
the congress has been demanding external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's resignation for allegedly helping lalit modi.
speaker sumitra mahajan asked finance minister arun jaitley for his opinion who said modi has been now declared a fugitive.
during the upa government's regime, he was not a fugitive and only today under the nda that he has been declared a fugitive, he said.
following this, mahajan said: so the word can be used on wednesday.
after this, kharge moved that the discussion be taken up under rule 61.
modi visit amid setback to 26/11 trial in pakistananirban bhaumik new delhi: dec 27, 2015, dhns 1:25 istprime minister narendra modis surprise visit to pakistan on friday came just weeks after the trial of the seven 26/11 mumbai attack plotters in the neighbouring country suffered a setback with a key witness turning hostile.
the statement of prosecution witness abdul qayyum, the headmaster of the government elementary school at faridkot in the okara district of pakistan, in the court in fact brought into question the identity of ajmal kasab  the lone 26/11 terrorist who was caught alive and was executed after being put to trial and sentenced to death by a court in india.
new delhi had provided islamabad documents establishing kasab as a citizen of pakistan and that he had attended the elementary school headed by qayyum.
the teacher, however, told the court on december 9 that kasab, whom he had deposed about previously, was not ajmal kasab, but ajmal khokhar.
he informed that khokhar was still alive and currently working in lahore.
qayyum also said that the documents he had provided to the federal investigation agency of pakistan had also been about khokhar studying in his school and not about kasab, who had never attended his school.
indian officials monitoring the 26/11 case in pakistan are concerned over possible implication of the testimony of qayyum, as it could weaken the case against the seven let plotters, who masterminded and coordinated the terror strikes in mumbai.
qayyum, who had deposed before the court as prosecution witness earlier, in fact turned hostile and refused to acknowledge ajmal kasab as his student on a day external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was in islamabad and joined her counterpart sartaj aziz to declare resumption of the stalled bilateral dialogue.
india has long been asking pakistan to speed up the trial, which has been going on at a snails pace over the past six years.
during their first meeting in new delhi on may 27, 2014, modi requested sharif to bring the 26/11 plotters to justice expeditiously.
the subsequent months, however, saw repeated adjournments and, finally, one of the seven accused, zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi, the let commander and the suspected mastermind of the 26/11 plot, was released on bail on april 10.
cong dismisses demand for apology from rahulnew delhi, jul 24, 2015 (pti) 20:57 istcongress today dismissed bjp's demand that rahul gandhi apologise for his remarks against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying he has done nothing wrong in accusing her of committing a criminal act.
rahul has never said that she should be sent to jail, congress spokesman abhishek singhvi asserted and also derided bjp's attack against rahul's brother-in-law robert vadra, saying they are flogging a dead horse.
bjp had raked up the vadra issue in the lok sabha yesterday seeking action against him for breach of privilege for a facebook post running down parliament.
singhvi, who is also an eminent advocate, suggested that swaraj was guilty under a certain section in the prevention of corruption act which says that money necessarily should not change hands for committing such an offence.
taking a dig at swaraj, he said that the courts will decide whether a humanitarian gesture to help lalit modi is done in hiding and keeping the foreign ministry in the dark.
he said that rahul has never said that she should be sent to jail.
.
.
.
we are not here to judge you, prosecute you.
bjp today threatened to file criminal defamation case against the congress vice-president for his remarks terming swaraj's actions in the lalit modi issue as a criminal act.
rahul gandhi using these words is very unfortunate, undemocratic.
and because of these words, i am demanding that rahul gandhi should apologies to the country because it is not only defaming sushmaswaraj swaraj, but defaming the foreign minister of the country, who is the representative of india in the world, union minister nitin gadkari said.
congress has been demanding that swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje step down for assisting controversial former ipl chief lalit modi with travel documents and an immigration application.
it had also sought resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj chauhan over the vyapam recruitment scam.
party chief sonia gandhi today held consultations with senior leaders over the strategy ahead after the first week of parliament was paralysed over the demand.
later at the aicc briefing, singhvi insisted that the obligation of running parliament lies solely with government.
at the same time, he said if conditions are conducive, we are ready to take 2 steps if you take 1 step.
noting that the pm should have sent an unequivocal message but has done nothing, he said, can you imagine the pm of any big or small country being silent if there are 40 deaths in the country.
he said deaths in the vyapam scam have occurred well outside the boundary of madhya pradesh and therefore the issue could be discussed in parliament.
even while clamouring for discussion the government of the day is saying that the discussion would not be on vyapam, he said.
on the vadra issue, singhvi said the bjp is flogging a dead horse, let them flog.
he steered clear of a question whether congress was supporting vadra as a delegation of party leaders had met lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan yesterday after the issue was raised.
'sharif's govt fails to withstand pressure'new delhi, august 23, 2015, dhns: 2:16 istindia on saturday said pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs government failed to withstand pressure from within and that it was deliberately trying to wriggle itself out of the roadmap of engagement the two countries agreed upon at ufa in russia last month.
he (sharif) had then apparently made up his mind that his government would not allow the meetings agreed upon by him and our prime minister to take place, she said.
she said that although india had on july 23 sent a proposal to hold the meeting between the nsas in new delhi on august 24, pakistan had sat on it for 22 days and conveyed its acceptance only on august 14.
new delhi had also communicated to islamabad on july 24 to fix dates for two other meetings agreed upon by modi and sharif  one between chiefs of border security force of india and pakistan rangers and another between indias director general military operations and his counterpart to explore ways to avert ceasefire violations.
though the meeting between the dgs of the bsf and pakistan rangers were expected to take place before the nsas parleys, pakistan government proposed to hold the talks only on september 6.
cong demands swaraj's resignation, also drags in pmnew delhi, jun 14, 2015, pti: 19:23 istcongress today demanded resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for her help to indian fugitive lalit modi in getting british travel documents and dragged prime minister narendra modi into the raging row, saying needle of suspicion rests at his door.
the main opposition party also posed 11 questions to the prime minister, including what happens to transparency and non-corruption promise made by him and how the government would bring back black money if it supports such people who are accused of money laundering to the tune of rs 700 crore.
people are asking 'is (pm narendra) modi helping (lalit) modi, congress spokesman randeep singh surjewala told a press conference.
rejecting swaraj's defence that she helped lalit modi on humanitarian grounds, surjewala alleged quid-pro-quo, saying the former ipl commissioner had helped her husband swaraj kaushal in securing admission for his nephew in a uk university in 2013 and he enjoyed proximity to bjp leaders, including its president amit shah.
the aicc incharge of communications department also wondered if the government had come out with a policy to help criminals on humanitarian ground and if it would be extended to wanted terrorist dawood ibrahim too if he sought such a help.
what we have witnessed today involves blatant quid pro quo, direct help to a fugitive from law, internecine warfare between the top echelons of government and unraveling of the nexus between bjp leadership and its crony criminal friends.
.
.
swaraj should immediately step down, he said.
he sought to know if the prime minister was aware of swaraj's help to the former ipl chief and said he must come out with a statement to make facts clear.
the role of the prime minister is under a cloud of suspicion as to whether there was a tacit endorsement of the action.
.
.
the needle of suspicion rests at the door of the office of the prime minister, he said.
noting that lalit modi was wanted in cases involving money laundering of rs 700 crore, he took a dig at the prime minister over his promise of bringing back black money.
what happens to the transparency and no-corruption claims of the prime minister when it is apparent that his own government is actively helping a fugitive from indian law accused of financial bungling and money laundering?
, he said.
the party also released several e-mails purportedly exchanged between lalit modi and british mp keith vaz over the issue.
in one mail, vaz writes, from the horses mouth!
i will do a thank you we will need her again.
surjewala also sought to know if the bjp government had changed india's stand on lalit modi's extradition from the uk as the previous upa dispensation had been pressing for it.
the then finance minister p chidambaram had written twice to the uk government besides taking up the issue in his meeting with his british counterpart in 2013, the congress spokesman said.
what action do the prime minister and finance ministry propose to take against lalit modi in light of the fresh revelations?
do they propose to compound and close all the offenses of financial bungling, illegal betting and money laundering against him.
.
.
, he asked.
taking a swipe at the modi government, he wondered if this is its new policy to help all fugitives of law on humanitarian grounds.
is this declaration of policy per se not against national interest and shameful?
noting that bjp had demanded resignation of the then union minister and congress mp shashi tharoor as his wife allegedly owned a small stake in an ipl team, surjewala asked if the prime minister and bjp will now apply the same yardsticks of moral and constitutional propriety and accountability.
hinting that lalit modi's equations with several bjp leaders, including rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje besides shah, might have played a role in swaraj's help to him, the congress leader wondered if it was done with the prior approval of narendra modi.
in one of the e-mails released by congress, vaz wrote to uk visas and immigration director sarah rapson, pushing for grant of travel documents to lalit modi, saying, foreign minister of india (sushma swaraj) has spoken to me making it very clear that the indian government has no objection to the travel document being granted which is contrary to what the refusal notice has stated.
.
.
frankly everyone has been involved in this apart from ban-ki-moon.
raising lalit modi issue a diversionary tactic of cong: bjpnew delhi, oct 23, 2015 (pti) 20:25 istwith congress targeting the centre by raising the lalit modi issue again, bjp today dismissed it as a diversionary tactic deployed by the opposition party to run away from inconvenient questions involving 'young indian', a company in which sonia and rahul gandhi are majority stake holders.
union minister prakash javadekar said congress was latching onto an old and stale issue and bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj had exposed it in parliament with their replies in monsoon session.
when jaitley and swaraj gave their replies, they had no answers.
congress was completely exposed.
it is an old and stale issue.
congress is just using a diversionary tactic and running away from inconvenient questions (about young indian), he said.
he said it was the then upa government that did not do enough to bring the formal ipl czar to book.
alleging that young indian took loan from a firm involved in black money deals and questioning the manner of its acquisition of associated journals, which owns expensive real estate in many cities, javadekar took potshots at congress, saying it should explain such magical formula so that youths could benefit from it.
he also raked up controversial land deal involving sonia gandhi's son-in-law robert vadra.
he buys land for rs 8 crore and the seller does not even encash the cheque.
he then sells the same land to the same seller for 58 crore in a few months.
congress gives a loan of rs 90 crore to associated journals and young indian is issued shares worth rs 90 crore.
congress should explain these magical formula so that our youngsters could benefit, he said mockingly.
asked what bjp governments in haryana and at the centre were doing if the party found the transactions involving vadra and young indian questionable, javadekar said the governments must be doing something.
congress has dismissed bjp's charge saying it was levelling baseless allegations as it sensed imminent defeat in the bihar assembly elections.
sonia and rahul gandhi owns 38 per cent each in young india, bjp spokesperson sambit patra said.
lalu, swaraj in war of wordsnew delhi, augst 28, 2012, dhns: 1:48 istamid mud-slinging over corruption charges in coal blocks allocation, rjd supremo lalu prasad yadav on tuesday charged that the controversial reddy brothers had paid huge bribes.
swaraj triggered a controversy on monday as she charged that mota maal (massive kickbacks) went to the congress from the coal block allocation.
yadav, president of the rashtriya janata dal, remarked outside parliament: everybody knows the reddy brothers paid huge money, to bjp leaders.
i demand that a parliamentary committee be formed to probe into the issue.
swaraj hit back at yadav through her twitter handle: shri laloo yadav wants to know as to who got mota maal from reddy bros?
i would like to inform him and the country that the mota maal from reddy bros has also gone to the congress.
swaraj was once known to be close to the reddy brothers and the latter had even described the bjp leader as their god mother.
she, however, did not specify the names of the chief ministers or the states as most of the mines owned by the reddys are situated in andhra pradesh.
swaraj dared the government to make all the reddy papers public.
i demand that all documents related to the recommendations and allotment to reddy brothers be made public.
the country will then know the truth as to who got the monetary benefits and who made recommendations for them.
all the facts should be placed before the nation.
gogoi danced with girls during state mourning: bjp mpnew delhi, jul 31, 2015 (pti) 17:05 ista bjp member in lok sabha today charged assam chief minister tarun gogoi with dancing with tribal women when the country was mourning the death of former president apj abdul kalam, saying it was a shameful act.
ramesh bidhuri raised the issue when congress members were protesting against the government, demanding sacking of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalit modi controversy.
he said it was shameful that a congress chief minister was dancing when the nation was observing state mourning.
bidhuri, however, did not take gogoi's name and was supported by several of his party members, demanded a discussion on the issue.
however, speaker sumitra mahajan ignored the demand.
gogoi's son, gaurav, was among the protesting congress mps who were in the well and on the aisles.
gogoi has already apologised for dancing with tribal girls of tea garden workers community at a function in golaghat district of assam on wednesday when the nation was in mourning as a mark of respect to kalam.
wife of srinivas kuchibhotla asks can trump protect ushouston, feb 25, 2017 (pti) 14:55 istthe grieving wife of the indian engineer shot dead in an apparent hate crime by a navy veteran in kansas city has demanded an answer from the us government what it would do to stop hate crimes against the minorities.
sunayana dumala, wife of 32-year-old srinivas kuchibhotla who was killed by adam purinton at a city bar on wednesday night, said reports of bias against minorities in the us make them afraid and wondered whether do we belong here.
at a news conference organised by gps-maker garmin, the company where srinivas worked, sunayana asked what the us government of donald trump would do to stop hate crimes against minorities such as the one happened to her husband.
although she did not mention trump by name, sunayana did say, not everyone will be harmful to this country.
sunayana was concerned over shooting incidents and doubted whether her family should stay in the us.
but, she said, her husband assured her saying good things happen in america.
the tragedy has led to fears among immigrants, who feel being targeted by president trump's plans to ban travelers from some countries and build a wall along the mexico border to realise his campaign pledge of puttting america first.
trump's proposed travel ban against certain countries has been termed divisive by many and provoked criticism from several quarters, including his own republican party.
sunayana said srinivas came to the us in 2005 to pursue a master's degree at the university of texas at el paso and worked for six years in iowa before moving to kansas city.
he did not deserve a death like this, sunayana said.
i don't know what to say.
we've read many times in newspapers of some kind of shooting happening somewhere.
i was always concerned, 'are we doing the right thing staying in the us or america?
' but he always assured me good things happen in america.
consul-general of india in houston, anupam ray, is monitoring the situation and providing possible help for the grieving family and the community in olathe area of kansas.
immediately when the incident occurred, consulate rushed deputy consul r d joshi and vice consul h singh to kansas to be with the family of srinivas at this trying moment, ray told pti.
since the tragedy, they have been with the srinivas family and have assured sunayana of all possible help, ray added.
joshi met shocked community members in olathe and enquired alok madasani, another indian injured in the shooting, about his health.
alok has now been discharged from hospital.
a third man, an american identified as ian grillot, 24, who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing at the bar.
he, too, is in fair condition, a university of kansas hospital spokeswoman said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed shock on twitter after the incident.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family.
witnesses said the shooter, purinton, reportedly got into a racial argument with the victims and shouted get out of my country and terrorist before opening fire at them.
he reportedly provoked them asking about their presence and work in the us, and how they were better than him.
then, purintonleft the bar and returned with a gun and shot the three men, according to police.
he was arrested five hours after the incident and charged with one count of premeditated first-degree murder and two counts of attempted premeditated first-degree murder in johnson county, district attorney stephen howe told reporters.
howe, however, declined to elaborate on the motive of the shooter, although police said they were investigating the case with the fbi, which is looking at whether it was a hate crime.
the incident happened when hate crimes and acts of bigotry have risen notably in the us after trump's inuguration on january 20, following his campaign heavy on anti-immigration rhetoric.
according to the comany garmin, srinivas and alok worked in the company's aviation systems.
we are devastated to inform you that srinivas passed away and alok is currently recovering in the hospital, it said before alok was discharged.
srinivas and and alok hailed from hyderabad and warangal respectively.
srinivas posted on linkedin in 2014 he managed helicopter programmes.
he had a master's degree in electrical and electronics engineering from the university of texas.
he earned his bachelor's degree from hyderabad's jawaharlal nehru technological university.
a 2014 post on linkedin said alok was an aviation programme coordinator manager at garmin.
sonia, rahul & manmohan lead cong protestnew delhi, aug 05, 2015, dhns: 0:39 istmonsoon session: opposition parties back congress, boycott lok sabhacongress president sonia gandhi, vice-president rahul gandhi and former prime minister manmohan singh on tuesday led their partys sit-in protest outside the parliament, a day after 25 party mps were suspended by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
some of the angry members of the congress donned black jackets while others carried black flags during their protest near mahatma gandhis statue within the parliament premises.
down with narendra modi!
we want justice!
shame on you dictator!
the congress members shouted slogans.
leading from the front, sonia gandhi, 68, said: suspension of our mps is anti-democratic.
democracy is being murdered.
rahul gandhi said his partys campaign for the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan would be further intensified.
we will not budge from our stand and there will be no let up in our pressure (on government) as far as issues of corruption, sushmaswaraj swaraj and vyapam are concerned, rahul told reporters, making clear the party's intent to carry on with its belligerent posture.
not a way: manmohanmanmohan singh said the suspension of 25 congress mps was no way of resolving the issue.
he said it was the responsibility of the government to take into account the concerns voiced by the congress.
other leaders like ghulam nabi azad, mallikarjun kharge, a k antony, anand sharma, sushmita dev and rajeev satav accompanied the trio during the protest.
the protests are expected to continue till fridaythe period for which the 25 mps have been suspended.
opposition parties like the nationalist congress party, janata dal (united), samajwadi party (sp), the left, rashtriya janata dal, trinamool congress and others also expressed solidarity with the congress and boycotted the lower house on tuesday.
a few opposition leaders approached mahajan with a plea to review her decision.
no change in our policy towards hurriyat: pakistan envoynew delhi, dec 12, 2015, pti: 22:15 istthere is no change in pakistan's policy towards hurriyat leaders as they represent voice of kashmiris, pakistani high commissioner abdul basit said today and hoped that the dialogue process will not be halted even if there were roadblocks.
the remarks came a day after pakistan prime minister's advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz announced that foreign secretaries of the two countries will meet next month to work out the details of the newly-announced comprehensive bilateral dialogue.
the meeting is expected to take place in delhi.
hurriyat represents aspirations of people of kashmir.
as far as we are concerned, there is no change in our policy towards them, basit said speaking at aaj tak agenda programme here.
he was asked whether hurriyat leaders will be invited for dinner if there was talks between india and pakistan here and if they happen to be in delhi.
angered by pakistan's consultations with kashmiri separatists, india in august last year had called off talks between foreign secretaries of the two countries, telling it bluntly to choose between an indo-pak dialogue or hobnobbing with the separatists.
calling resumption of dialogue process signal of beginning of a new phase in bilateral ties, the envoy said efforts must be made to remove negativity in indo-pak discourse and both sides should try to accomodate each other's expectations and concerns.
he said kashmir is the main issue between india and pakistan and a solution has to be found as per aspirations of people of kashmir.
it was time both the neighbours behave as mature nations.
asked whether the dialogue process may get derailed if there was an attack on india by pakistan-based terror groups, basit said talks should go on overcoming any hurdles as a decision was taken to resume the peace process.
we issued the joint statement expecting that talks will go on.
there will be forces in pakistan as well as in india who do not want talks.
we should not be hostage to them, said basit.
on wednesday, india and pakistan had announced that they have decided to engage in a comprehensive dialogue that will include peace and security and jammu and kashmir.
the announcement was made during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to islamabad.
calling the mumbai attack case a very complex one, basit said pakistan will try its best to expedite the trial as soon as possible while following all the judicial process.
he did not give a specific reply when asked whether pakistan will share with india voice samples of mastermind of the attack zakiur rehman lakhvi.
basit said pakistan was a major victim of terrorism which inflicted heavy cost on it.
absolutely, basit said when asked whether pakistan was fed up with terrorism.
i will not go into details.
lot of issues were discussed during the meeting of nsas of the two countries in bangkok recently which could not be made public, he said.
asked why pakistan was not handing over to india underworld don dawood ibrahim, basit said he was not in pakistan.
he said india should give proof if it feels he was in pakistan.
jaitley shrugs off cong threat to disrupt parliamentnew delhi, july 2, 2015, pti: 12:35 istfinance minister arun jaitley today brushed aside concerns of parliament's upcoming monsoon session being disrupted over the lalit modi controversy, saying some people may be relevant to tv channels but not to governance.
jaitley said the bills to amend the land acquisition act and bring in a uniform pan-india goods and services tax (gst) are very crucial for development and hoped no political party takes anti-growth and anti-development position.
some people may be of relevance to television channels, (but) they have no relevance to governance as far as the government of india is concerned, he told reporters here.
he was replying to a question on the possibility of the monsoon session of parliament getting washed out over congress' demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over alleged links with former ipl commissioner lalit modi.
jaitley, however, evaded a direct response to the controversy in which lalit modi has been dragging various politicians, including him.
the finance minister was hopeful that no political party will take anti-growth and anti-development stand to block the crucial bills, which he termed as extremely necessary.
there is a lot of importance of these bills to the country's economy.
.
.
the government is hopeful that no political party will adopt a negative approach on the issue of development of the country, he said.
nepal pm invites modi to attend donors' conferencenew delhi, june 12, 2015, dhns: 1:26 istprime minister narendra modi on thursday received an invitation from his nepalese counterpart sushil koirala to address a conference being held in kathmandu later this month to raise fund for reconstruction of the neighbouring country that was devastated by an earthquake a couple of months ago.
modi reassured koirala of indias unwavering and sustained support to nepal in rehabilitation and reconstruction efforts in areas hit by the devastating earthquake.
the prime minister, however, remained non-committal about attending the conference of donors, which the nepalese government is set to hold in kathmandu on june 25 in order to solicit funds from the international community for reconstruction of the quake-hit nation.
modi, according to the official sources, told koirala that he would participate in the conference if his schedule permitted.
he, however, assured him that a senior minister of his cabinet would attend the conclave as a representative of india.
he also told the nepalese prime minister that new delhis support to reconstruction efforts in nepal would be guided by the preference and priorities of kathmandu.
new delhi was very quick to respond to kathmandus call for help after the earthquake devastated much of nepal on april 5.
the operation maitri launched by the indian army, indian air force and national disaster response force to rescue and provide relief to the victims won hearts in nepal, where new delhi competes with beijing for clout.
modi assured koirala that india would respect and be with nepal in all its decisions in connection with reconstruction.
he also reaffirmed that india has always been guided by humanitarian concerns in a spirit of equality and friendship, prime ministers office stated in a press release.
koirala also sent his finance minister ram chandra mahat to meet modi and handover to him a personal invitation to attend the conference in kathmandu.
mahat called on modi, finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during his visit to new delhi.
koirala congratulated modi for the latters successful visit to bangladesh and described it as yet another example of his successful neighbours first policy and his commitment to deepen relations with neighbours of india.
india pitches for anti-terror treaty, un reformsnew delhi, aug 31, 2015, (pti) 8:38 istasserting that no country could be immune to the threat of terrorism especially with emergence isis, india today made a strong pitch for finalisation of the comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) at the un during a meeting with the president-elect of the global body.
during her talks with president-elect of the un general assembly mogens lykketoft, who is here on a two-day visit, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stressed on the need for un security council reforms on the occasion of 70th anniversary to reflect current geopolitical realities and increasing role of developing nations.
the indian sides also strongly pitched for early finalisation of the ccit, a treaty proposed by india in 1996 to ban terrorists and make it binding for countries to deny funds and safe haven to them.
no country can be immune to the threat of terrorism especially with the emergence of isis.
it is important that there should be a collective effort to deal with this menace, swaraj conveyed to the un president-elect, while referring to the terror organisation islamic state of iraq rpt iraq and syria (isis).
in this regard, she also conveyed india's expectations to achieve concrete forward movement under his presidency on the finalisation of the ccit.
lykketoft was unanimously elected by the un general assembly as the president of the 70th session on june 15 and is scheduled to assume his new responsibilities with the commencement of the session from september 15.
earlier, lykketoft was the speaker of the danish parliament and has served as finance minister and foreign minister of denmark.
the minister had productive and good discussions with the visiting dignitary.
it is also significant given that he will be playing a pivotal role as we discuss key issues during the 70th session of the un, the spokesperson in the external affairs ministry said.
she also congratulated him on his election as president of the landmark 70th session which is expected to address several important issues, including adoption and implementation of the 2030 agenda for sustainable development, un security council reform, review of un peacekeeping operations, climate change, and review of the tunis agenda (world summit on information society).
swaraj also conveyed to him that india was already in the process of implementing 11 out of 17 sustainable development goals which also match with government's flagship programmes such as 'make in india' and 'beti bachao'.
lykketoft, who is scheduled to call on the prime minister tomorrow, conveyed that the theme of his presidency would be 'the united nations at 70 - a new commitment to action'.
lalit modi dropped british royal names to get travel paperslondon, june 21, 2015, pti: 12:10 isttainted former ipl commissioner lalit modi invoked the names of british royalty, including prince charles and his brother andrew, while seeking his travel papers from the uk home office, according to a media report today.
according to the report in 'the sunday times', andrew -- the duke of york and second son of queen elizabeth ii -- has known modi for several years and met modi at his london home last july, just days before his travel papers were granted.
buckingham palace refused to say what the two men had discussed but denied categorically that the duke had lobbied the uk government on modi's behalf.
modi's immigration status in the uk has provoked a storm in india after the uk-based newspaper disclosed that he rang up external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help him acquire his british travel papers.
although she says she acted on humanitarian grounds, swaraj has faced calls for her resignation over an apparent conflict of interest.
modi, 49, travelled to london in 2010 after the indian premier league (ipl) became embroiled in allegations of match-fixing and illegal betting.
he denies any wrongdoings and says he came to britain because he faced death threats from criminals in india.
in march 2014, modi was granted leave to remain in the uk after a court battle with the home office.
he later applied for british travel papers, known as a certificate of travel.
in june 2014, vaz wrote to sarah rapson, director-general of uk visas and immigration, asking if the papers could be made available to modi, the paper reported earlier this month.
vaz said he helped modi because the former ipl chief had told him that his wife urgently needed cancer treatment abroad and that he needed to accompany her.
on july 2 last year, vaz raised modi's case with another home office official.
he wrote: mr modi informs me that he met the prince of wales (charles).
.
.
and he also met prince andrew two days ago.
both offered to help resolve this matter as he was complaining about missing the wedding of his sister and the inability to meet amongst others the president of the seychelles.
vaz says he acted on the information given to him by modi.
modi's application for a certificate of travel was initially rejected the next day.
on july 21, andrew, 55, was spotted visiting modi at his seven-storey townhouse in chelsea, a posh area of west london.
vaz intervened with rapson again on july 31, citing the support of swaraj.
modi received his travel papers less than 24 hours later, the newspaper claims.
on august 1, rapson wrote to vaz to alert him to the good news and also replied directly to a thank-you note from modi.
a spokesman for buckingham palace said: while we would never comment on the private meetings or conversations of members of the royal family, i can confirm that the duke of york has known mr modi over a number of years.
the duke is fully aware that policy and decisions relating to immigration issues are a matter for the home office.
it is categorically untrue that he has sought to influence decisions on these issues.
the spokesman said andrew had not accepted any hospitality or gifts from modi and that the duke was not aware of the detail of allegations against modi.
clarence house said prince charles, 66, and his wife camilla, duchess of cornwall, had met modi on a handful of occasions at charity functions.
modi has not responded to a request for comment on the latest revelations so far.
pm modi to address un development summit, visit san franciscounited nations, aug 10, 2015 (pti): 18:27 istprime minister narendra modi will address a high-level summit on sustainable development hosted by the un on september 25 and will also travel to san francisco during his us visit, becoming the fourth indian premier to visit america's west coast.
the united nations summit for the adoption of the post-2015 development agenda will be held from september 25 to 27 here and will be convened as a high-level plenary meeting of the general assembly.
slated to be one of the largest ever gatherings at the un, morethan 150world leaders are expected to attend the sustainable development summit to formally adopt the outcome document of the new agenda.
modi is expected to address the gathering on september 25 after which he will head to the west coast to visitsan francisco, sources told pti.
the 70th session of the general assembly will open on september 15.
the annual high-level general debate will begin on september 28 and will run through october 6.
since modi is likely to return to india around september 28, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is expected to represent the country at the general debate.
modi is expected to travel to san francisco after his address to the sustainable development summit on september 25, becoming the fourth indian premier to visit us' west coast.
modi's proposed visit to san francisco would also revive -- after a gap of four decades with the exception of the former prime minister p v narasimha rao in 1994 -- the post-independence tradition of indian prime ministers visiting the us cities other than new york or washington dc.
the thriving indian diaspora in the us, in particular those on the west coast and the silicon valley has welcomed modi's decision to visit san francisco and preparations are in full swing to accord a grand welcome to him at the sap center in san jose.
modi had given his maiden address to the un general assembly last year and had then travelled to washington to meed us president barack obama.
last updated: 01 may, 2011siddaiah hiremath, bellary, may 1, dhns: 22:41 istno progress in infrastructure projects worth rs 1,300 crorewhile allegations of illegal mining has cast a shadow on the district of bellary, not much attention has been paid to development projects that have been left in cold storage.
leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who visits bellary every year, had laid the foundation stone for various infrastructure projects worth rs 1,300 crore on august 20, last year.
but, none of the projects have seen the light of the day.
among the projects that were launched then were the bellary airport at a cost of rs 470 crore, a super specialty hospital at a cost of rs 140 crore, a rs 100-crore project for ensuring 24-hour drinking water supply to bellary city and a rs 300-crore project for road connectivity from sandur, hospet, hagaribommanahalli and kudlagi to bellary city.
the bellary airport project near chaganuru village was met with stiff opposition by farmers, who also obtained a stay order from the high court against the project.
the government still went ahead and formally launched the project in bellary city without going to chaganuru.
however, the project has seen no further progress since then.
the promises made by district in-charge minister janardhana reddy about improving roads through the rs 300-crore project and ensuring 24-hour drinking water supply in bellary city within six months is also in cold storage.
the delay in the projects has been attributed to the lack of funds.
rumours are rife that the present political turmoil, caused due to charges of illegal mining, has made the chief minister delay the release of funds for these projects.
the peoples reach programme launched with much fanfare by janardhana reddy on september 16, last year, has also failed to live up to the expectations it raised.
the minister had promised that he would go on monthly visits to every hobli in the district to listen to peoples grievances directly and offer on-the-spot solutions.
reddy had promised that he would take up the visits between the 16th and 21th of every month and would not skip them at any cost.
the first visit was to hoovinahadagali, where hundreds of people turned up to get their grievances redressed.
but the promise was kept for barely two months and has been dropped since.
sources in the bjp say reddy, who has not been seen in any of the government or public functions in the district, is upset with the government for not releasing funds as promised and has opposed it strongly.
residents of remote villages of the district including hoovinahadaganahalli, hagaribommanahalli, sandur, siraguppa and kudlagi, who always had the grouse that the minister was only concerned about bellary city and not the entire district, were banking on the peoples reach programme for some attention.
but amid allegations and counter allegations of illegal mining, peoples problems and development have been forgotten.
rahul targets pm over corruption, why no action against shivraj?
new delhi, july 9, 2015, (pti) 19:51 istreminding prime minister narendra modi of his poll promise to end corruption, rahul gandhi today asked why is he not taking action against madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, who is embroiled in the massive admission and recruitment scam.
throwing a barb at the prime minister, the congress vice president said he had just one question.
i have just one question.
mr prime minister, what you say must carry weight.
from what the people of india and i remember, our pm had said, which i would like to reiterate, 'na khaoonga, na khane doonga' (will not engage in corruption myself, nor allow others).
why are you allowing corruption in rajasthan?
what are you doing to bring back lalit modi?
why are you not acting against shivraj singh chouhan, he said in brief remarks here.
congress has been slamming modi for not sacking rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje following revelations that she helped fugitive former ipl boss lalit modi.
the party has also accused bada modi (pm) of shielding chhota modi (lalit).
of course, rahul said when asked whether the beleaguered mp chief minister should quit in the wake of the supreme court ordering a cbi inquiry into the vyapam scam.
rahul's jibe invited sharp retort from bjp which reminded him of his silence over scams exposed during the upa dispensation and said unlike congress its government had gone for a cbi probe.
unlike congress and rahul gandhi, we are not hushing up corruption cases and nor are we searching for ways to escape from courts' scrutiny.
bjp leaders have gone to the high court and supreme court, seeking a cbi probe.
when congress was indulging in scams, then gandhi was silent, said bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain.
congress has been demanding resignations of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raje for helping lalit modi and that of hrd minister smriti irani for misrepresenting facts about her educational qualifications, and maharashtra minister pankaja munde for her alleged involvement in a scam by clearing purchases worth rs 206 crore on a single day without inviting tenders in violation of the norms.
it is also seeking resignation of chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh in the wake of a rice scam in which rs 36,000 crore are alleged to have been misappropriated.
mumbai top cop had met lalit modi in uk last yearmumbai, jun 20, 2015, pti: 22:09 ista fresh controversy broke out today in the lalit modi episode after it emerged that mumbai police commissioner rakesh maria had met the tainted ex-ipl boss in london in 2014 when he sought the help of mumbai police in view of threat to his life by the underworld in that country.
admitting that he had met modi on the insistence of the latter's lawyer, maria today clarified that he apprised the home minister about the meeting soon after returning from london.
earlier in the day, a news channel flashed a photo which it said is of the former ipl commissioner and the mumbai police chief.
issuing a statement, maria said in the month of july 2014, i officially attended a conference in london.
at the conference, i was approached by an advocate representing lalit modi who stated that lalit modi wanted to meet me regarding a grave threat to his life and that of his family in london.
modi, the first commissioner of indian premier league, and others are facing probe by enforcement directorate in the alleged forex violation cases.
it may be recollected that as joint commissioner of police, crime, mumbai, in year 2009-10, the crime branch under me had foiled an attempt on his (modi's) life by the mumbai underworld, maria said.
explaining the sequence of events in london, maria said modi's advocate had requested him to meet modi briefly.
the advocate requested me that since it was a serious threat to his (modi's) life, i should meet lalit modi briefly.
as per the lawyer's insistence, we met, albeit briefly, wherein lalit modi sought the mumbai police's help as he and his family were being threatened by the underworld, the statement said.
maria said he categorically informed modi that mumbai police have no jurisdiction in london and that he should return to mumbai to lodge a formal complaint.
lalit modi repeatedly kept requesting for mumbai police's intervention against the underworld.
i reiterated to modi and his lawyer that it was imperative for lalit modi to return to mumbai for the mumbai police to initiate any inquiry.
thereafter, the meeting lasted barely for 15/20 minutes, the police commissioner said.
explaining his position, maria said he had immediately brought details of the meeting to the notice of the home minister on his return to india.
i also maintained the requisite confidential record of the same.
besides, the anti-extortion cell of the mumbai police was also given in writing the details of what had transpired in the meeting for discreet inquiry at their end, he added.
modi has been embroiled in a row after it came to light that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had facilitated travel documents for him in london and that rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje had reportedly favoured modi's immigration plea in a london court.
this has sparked a huge political fire in the country with the opposition congress dragging prime minister narendra modi's name into the raging controversy and demanding the resignation of swaraj and raje.
karachi, dec 9, 2015, pti: 22:48 istpcb chief shahryar khan today said that hopes of resumption of bilateral cricketing ties between india and pakistan with a short series later this month are dying with too little time left to organise the big ticket event.
shahryar said the islamabad visit of indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did not help in revival of the series, virtually hinting that the proposed series in sri lanka may not take place at all.
we were hopeful that sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit will make things better but it did not happen, he was quoted as saying by waqt news.
we wanted to play, but india did not respond positively.
it is already too late to organise the series and we dont have time for the series anyway, he said referring to the proposed series in sri lanka where the teams were expected to play three odis and t20 internationals.
the pcb said that they are mulling legal options if the series is indeed cancelled.
we will decide our future plan after analysing our options under legal aspects and consultation, he said.
sri lanka emerged as the host for the series between arch-rivals after india refused to play in uae.
according to ftp, india and pakistan are supposed to play six series between 2015 and 2023 with four to be hosted by pakistan.
pakistan and india have not played a bilateral series since 2007.
india stalled cricketing ties in the aftermath of 2008 terrorist attacks on mumbai, which were blamed on militants based in pakistan.
pakistan, however, had toured india for a short odi series in 2012.
up couple ready to undergo dna testsanjay pandey, lucknow, oct 27, 2015,dhns: 1:27 istreunion awaited: a family from amritsar had also claimed geeta as their owna couple from uttar pradeshs pratapgarh district, who claimed geeta as their lost child, has offered to undergo a dna test.
the couple  rajaram gautam and anara devi  left for delhi on monday in the hope of meeting geeta, who arrived in india from pakistan, and persuade the authorities to take their blood samples for dna test to ascertain the veracity of their claim.
the couple had earlier moved an application in the local maheshganj police station seeking custody of the deaf and dumb girl, who had accidentally entered pakistan ten years back, and had been living there since then.
rajaram and anara, residents of dhamohan village, about 150 kilometres from here, claimed that geeta is their daughter savita, who had gone missing 2002.
we are ready for dna test, the couple said.
they claimed that geeta had been recognised by their relatives as savita, when they saw her on tv.
the couple did not have tv at their home and so they could not see geeta themselves.
they also claimed that geeta, who is among their five children, had gone missing when they were visiting an ashram in chapra in bihar in 2002.
they said a missing report was also registered with the police.
geeta, who returned to india on monday, failed to recognise the family from bihar, who had claimed that she was their daughter.
a family from amritsar had also claimed her as their own.
seeking salmans returngeetas return will not be an one-off affair as the ministry of external affairs is now processing the case of one salman from aligarh, who is now stranded in pakistan, reports dhns from new delhi.
we have one more case of salman from aligarh.
his mother left him with his maternal grandparents, who are no more.
interacting with indian business leaders here, the minister said thailand was a valued partner for india as relations between the two nations were deep-rooted.
we envisage a more vigorous and proactive engagement with this economically vibrant region of our extended neighbourhood.
thailand is an important pillar of our policy and a valued partner, she said.
observing that she was delighted to be in thailand and meeting leading indian business leaders, she said: our bilateral relations with thailand are based on deep-rooted cultural, religious and neighbourly association between the people of our two nations.
our common heritage of buddhism and the philosophy of compassion, tolerance, non-violence and peace have laid strong foundations for this relationship.
elaborating on how the modi government has been developing and strengthening friendly relations with neighbours as well as other countries, sushmaswaraj swaraj said it was engaged closely with the neighbourhood and has strengthened relations with major countries.
our government is working on the simple 3c mantra -- commerce, culture and connectivity.
in all these three areas, i cannot over-emphasise the importance of thailand.
we have embarked upon ambitious projects for land connectivity with thailand through myanmar.
we are also working on enhancing our sea connectivity with thailand which is a maritime neighbour of india, she said.
the enhanced connectivity with thailand will help indian traders and businesses in linking up with the markets of southeast asia, she said.
in particular, this would help india's northeastern states in their development.
the enhanced connectivity will also help in further strengthening people-to-people contacts between our two countries.
it would nurture the common cultural and religious heritage between india and thailand whose cornerstone is buddhism, the minister added.
reminding the indian business leaders as to how, according to the latest world bank forecast, the indian economy was poised to grow 7.
5 percent this year, she said it would make it the world's fastest growing economy during 2015.
the fundamentals of the economy are very stable and the international monetary fund (imf), the world bank, the organisation for economic cooperation and development (oecd), credit rating agencies and other experts speak in one voice of optimism about india's growth prospects, she said.
our government came with the slogan of 'minimum government, maximum governance'.
we have strived to offer a stable, predictable and transparent policy regime, making the country an attractive destination for investors.
the last one year of the new government has contributed to economic good governance and all-round development, the minister said.
six terrorists killed, combing operation onpathankot, jan 4, 2015 (pti) 20:03 istafter operations lasting three days, security forces today killed two more pakistani terrorists within the pathankot air base with the government saying six of them have now been neutralised, but it was not clear whether all the intruders have been eliminated.
after prime minister narendra modi today chaired a meeting of the national security council, finance minister arun jaitley said that bodies of four terrorists have been recovered and those of the remaining two will also be recovered.
the number of intruders had been put at six by officials in the last two days and the figures given by jaitley implied that all of them have been eliminated.
however, none in the government were prepared to say no more terrorists were inside the base or that the operation was over.
combing and search operations were going on and that the operation will continue till we are able to fully render the base safe, nsg ig maj gen dushant singh said.
jaitley, who attended the nsc meeting along with senior cabinet colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and manohar parrikar, said that all the assets at the base were safe.
he said the security forces were able to confine the terrorists to the place where they intruded and kept at a reasonable distance from where the assets were located.
in the wake of the pathankot attack as well as the strike on the indian consulate in mazar-e-sharif in afghanistan, both probably originating in pakistan, indications were that next week's scheduled visit by foreign secretary jaishankar to islamabad for talks will be put off.
it is likely that national security advisors of the two countries may have an urgent meeting in the next few days after which a call would be taken on the foreign secretary-level talks.
asked whether the foreign secretaries would meet as scheduled, jaitley parried the question, remarking the operations are still on.
let the operations be over.
then we will take decisions on these matters.
curiously, the united jehad council (ujc), an umbrella organisation of about a dozen kashmiri militant outfits, today claimed responsibility for the attack on the pathankot.
the statement is seen in india as an attempt to show that kashmiri insurgents were responsible and not militants originating from pakistan.
ujc comprises mostly the militant outfits active in jammu and kashmir and headed by syed salauddin, who is based in pakistan.
meanwhile, briefing the media in the evening, maj gen singh said in pathankot that security forces including the nsg and army have deployed major combat elements along with medical and administrative support.
similarly air force has deployed all its assets - aviation, surveillance, guards in this particular operation, he said adding that the police and the intelligence agencies are also working in sync to make the operation successful.
as i highlighted earlier, given the magnitude of the operation of the air base, the operation will continue to be concluded till we are able to fully render safe the base.
however, i would like to inform that all the assets of the air base including personnel, families have been secured and are safe, he said.
earlier in the day, a powerful explosion shook a double storeyed building at the air base where two terrorists were holed up.
till now, we have eliminated four terrorists and operation to eliminate two more terrorists, possibly is in the final stage of conduct, maj gen singh had said.
singh, who was flanked by air officer commanding, air commodore j s damoon and brigadier anupinder singh, said the entire operation will continue till all the personnel, assets, structure are physically combed.
so it is likely to take a long time.
these terrorists are holed up in a double storeyed building which is a living accommodation of the air force personnel and currently the operations are in progress to clear this building from the terrorists, brigadier singh said.
the area of the air force base is very large where strategic assets of iaf are kept, besides families of iaf personnel and schools are located in it.
it is a mini city, the iaf officer said.
cong alleges quid pro quo between raje and lalit in mounew delhi, jun 25, 2015 (pti) 18:57 istmounting pressure for resignation of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, congress today alleged a quid pro quo with lalit modi in a mou for setting up a cancer hospital in jaipur between her government and the portugese facility where his wife was treated.
congress also rejected any links between modi and the gandhi family after bjp made this allegation seizing on a tweet by the tainted former ipl commissioner that he had run into priyanka gandhi and robert vadra in a london restaurant.
it termed 'lalitgate' as an index of gujarat model of prime minister narendra modi,alleging that lalit modi was working at the behest of bjp to divert attention to non-issues, it released a copy of a mou signed between the state medical education department and champalimaud foundation of portugal on october 2 last for establishing a centre of excellence in jaipur for cancer care, saying it's a case of public money being sloshed for crony gratification in a 'quid pro quo'.
facing opposition heat over help extended by raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to lalit modi regarding his travel documents in the uk, bjp latched on to his tweet and alleged links between him and the gandhi family.
rejecting the allegation, congress chief spokesperson randip surjewala said, looking into each other is neither improper nor a crime by any strength of imagination.
there was no social interaction of any nature between lalit modi and robert vadra or priyanka gandhi.
he said that instead of diverting attention, let the government answer the pointed questions on corruption and quid pro quo of the help given by a union minister and a chief minister to a fugitive of indian law, who is named in crimes committed under fema, ipc .
senior leader and party spokesperson cp joshi wondered what is there to clarify when lalit modi had himself said that he had run into robert and priyanka.
this is not allegation.
you are taking inference out it.
what is to clarify when lalit modi has already clarified?
.
it is a coincidence.
what can anybody do if some one appears before some one in a restaurant,?
joshi said.
when pressed further, he said who is he to give a clean chit to anybody when the statement of lalit is itself sufficient.
did priyanka go to meet him.
reddy brothers in ministry with central leaders' nod: yeddyurappalast updated: 30 may, 2011bangalore, may 30 (ians) 13:21 istkarnataka chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa monday said it was his decision, which he took in consultation with the bharatiya janata party's central leaders, to appoint the reddy brothers as ministers.
it was my decision, after consultation with our central leaders, he said at a press meet here to mark completion of three years in office.
tourism minister g. janardhana reddy and his elder brother and revenue minister g. karunakara reddy are accused of large-scale illegal iron ore mining, both in karnataka and neighbouring andhra pradesh.
the younger g. somashekara is an assembly member from bellary, the iron ore rich district bordering andhra pradesh and their political base.
b.
sriramulu, a close associate of the brothers, is the health minister.
yeddyurappa backed senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj's stand that she had no hand in making the reddys ministers in the party's first government in the state.
sushma swaraji is our all india leader.
what she has said is right.
as chief minister, i took the decision in consultation with our party's central leaders, yeddyurappa said.
he did not name the central leaders whom he had consulted when he formed the ministry in may 2008.
yedyurappa also ruled out dropping the reddys from the ministry.
allegations against them have not been proved, he said.
sushma swaraj had created a flutter in her party when she was quoted in a new delhi magazine as saying that she was opposed to three members from one family being made ministers.
she had said that senior party leaders arun jaitley and m. venkaiah naidu were looking after karnataka affairs when the party formed the ministry.
on his three years in office, yeddyurappa said he had overcome several problems and is confident of completing the remaining two years in office devoting time for all round development of the state.
yeddyurappa enters the fourth year battling charges of corruption, illegal land deals, nepotism and being partisan to his lingayats caste group.
bjp makes history with clear mandategautam dheer, chandigarh: aug 12, 2014 dhns 1:54 istthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) on sunday made history by winning haryana elections with a clear majority for the first time, trouncing the congress which had been in power for the last 10 years in the state.
with 47 seats, the saffron party will form the government on its own without an alliance for the first time in the states electoral history.
the bjp, a party that was struggling with a voter base of just about 9 per cent till five years ago, managed over 33.
2 per cent vote share independently in the 2014 assembly elections.
the turnaround in the bjp electoral prospects is being largely attributed to the spillover effect of the modi wave that continued to prevail over the electorate in this election.
the modi-centric bjp campaign led to a huge polarisation of the urban votes that turned the tide to its advantage.
the split in the majority jat votes, too, helped the bjp.
the congress did not gain anything from its strategy of winning sikhs favour by enacting a separate panel to manage a sikh shrine in haryana.
the electorate, for the first time, saw the bjp as an alternative beyond traditional arch-rivals the congress and the indian national lok dal (inld).
facing a strong anti-incumbency wave and controversies over shady land deals, the congress under bhupinder singh hooda suffered a crushing defeat even as hooda managed to retain his own seat.
the partys tally dropped from 40 seats to just 15 on sunday when results were announced.
one interesting part of the result was the defeat of vandana sharma, the sister of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, despite the evident modi effect.
she lost to an independent jasbir deshwal from safidon.
the inld, which is the principal opposition party in haryana, also suffered a huge setback at the hands of the bjp.
the inld bagged 19 seats, down from 31 in 2009.
the defeat of the inld puts a question mark on the relevance of the party which has been out of power for 10 years now.
the partys gamble of playing the sympathy card in the name of its jailed leader and former chief minister om prakash chautala also flopped.
besides the setback, its top leaders, including youngest mp and chautalas grandson dushyant chautala and partys state president ashok arora, lost their seats.
the haryana janhit congress (bhajan lal) led by its chief kuldeep bishnoi was another party clearly rejected by the electorate.
the party had joined hands with the lok jan shakti party patronised by former congress stalwart vinod sharma, who is also the father of manu sharma, convicted in the infamous jassica lal murder case.
the alliance won just two seats, that of bishnoi and his wife, renuka.
anirban bhaumik, new delhi, dh news service, jun 7 2017, 17:02 istthe recent intrusion by two chinese helicopters into indian airspace in uttarakhand signalled that beijing had hardened its position even on the less-contentious middle sector of the disputed sino-india boundary.
two helicopters of people's liberation army air force were seen hovering over barahoti in chamoli district of uttarakhand on saturday.
new delhi took a serious note of the incident, as it signalled that china might shift to a hardline approach in its negotiations with india to resolve the dispute over boundary  even on the less contentious middle sector or the stretches in himachal pradesh and uttarakhand.
sources told the dh that beijing had apparently hardened its position in response to new delhi's decision to allow dalai lama to visit arunachal pradesh  the frontier state, which had since long been at the centre of the dispute over boundary between india and china.
dalai lama  the icon of tibetans' protest against chinese rule over their homeland  visited the state in april.
the visit had irked beijing as it accuses the buddhist monk of pursuing an agenda to split china.
beijing had even warned new delhi that it would take necessary measures to defend its territorial sovereignty and legitimate rights and interests in response.
sources the dh spoke to in new delhi are of the view that the pla-af choppers' intrusion into the airspace of india was a subtle move by china to re-assert its claims on areas along its disputed boundary in the middle sector.
it came just months after the communist nation signalled its renewed interest in settling the territorial row in a piecemeal manner  beginning with the stretches in uttarakhand and himachal pradesh and then going for settlement in more contentious western (stretches in ladakh in jammu and kashmir) and eastern (arunachal pradesh) sectors .
an early-harvest agreement on boundary was one of the four proposals china's ambassador to india, luo zhaohui, put forward in january this year to add new momentum to the bilateral relations between the two nations.
he reiterated the proposals in a speech delivered at united service institution in new delhi early last month.
india and china had in fact made substantial progress in resolving the dispute in the middle sector of the boundary and even exchanged maps in 2001.
the process, however, did not advance much in the past one-and-a-half decade, even as special representatives of the two nations continued negotiations to settle the boundary dispute in its entirety.
new delhi is yet to make it clear if it is in favour of a piecemeal solution  beginning with the middle sector  of the row over boundary, or would wait for a comprehensive deal to resolve the dispute in one go.
hua chunying, a spokesperson of the ministry of foreign affairs of the chinese government, defended the choppers' foray across the line of actual control or the de-facto border between india and china as regular border patrol by the military of the communist nation.
she also noted that china and india had disputes over territory along the middle sector of the boundary.
external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, told journalists that chinese choppers' intrusion into the airspace of india was unacceptable for new delhi.
she said that india would lodge a protest with delhi over the incident.
new delhi's complex and troubled relations with beijing was strained further last month, as india turned down an invitation from china to attend a conclave of international leaders hosted by chinese president to drum up support for his ambitious cross-continental connectivity initiative one-belt-one-road.
india claims that china was illegally occupying approximately 38,000 sq.
kms of areas in jammu and kashmir.
besides, islamabad in 1963 illegally ceded to beijing 5,180 sq.
kms of areas that india blames pakistan of illegally occupying in jammu and kashmir.
china claims approximately 90,000 sq.
kms.
of areas in arunachal pradesh of india, in addition to about 2000 sq.
kms.
in the middle sector of the boundary.
the special representatives of india and china have been holding negotiations to resolve the long-pending boundary dispute since 2003.
they reached an agreement in 2005 on the political parameters and guiding principles for settlement of the dispute.
they have since been engaged in talks to develop a framework to resolve the dispute.
the framework will will be followed by actual demarcation of the border.
the current special representatives  prime minister narendra modi's national security advisor ajit doval and china's state councilor yang jiechi  had the 19th round of the parleys in beijing in april 2016.
they agreed to hold the 20th round in new delhi later this year.
india,france agree to resolve issues; to fast-rack rafale dealnew delhi, dec 2, 2014 (pti) 18:33 istindia and france have agreed to iron out contentious issues like pricing and a guarantee clause for french firm dassault to fast-track the estimated usd 15 billion deal for 126 rafale fighter jets.
the issue came up for discussion during the delegation- level talks last evening between defence minister manohar parrikar and his french counterpart jean-yves le drian.
the talks were held in a cordial atmosphere.
all issues related to india-french defence cooperation were discussed, defence ministry spokesman sitanshu kar said today.
asked about the rafale deal, he said both sides agreed there were matters on which differences still exist between the two sides and that this would be resolved in a fast-tracked manner.
india had in 2012 selected the rafale jet but the final negotiations are still continuing between the defence ministry and dassault aviation.
the deal with india is a big one for the rafale fighter as it will be the first mega export order for the aircraft.
though the deal was first valued at about usd 10 billion in 2007 when the request for proposal (rfp) was issued, the figure has shot up to over usd 15 billion, sources said.
differences have cropped up over various issues from pricing to work-sharing.
as per the rfp, the first 18 jets are to be imported and the rest manufactured under licence by hindustan aeronautics ltd (hal).
according to defence sources, dassault was reluctant to stand guarantee for the 108 fighters to be built by hal as far as liquidity damages and timelines for production was concerned.
this, the sources say, is the critical issue that is delaying the inking of the deal.
the defence ministry is of the view that the guarantee clause was part of the air staff qualitative requirements (asqr) under the rfp.
dassault had agreed to the asqr and hence was selected for the deal, sources maintained.
how can the asqr be relaxed?
this is not allowed under the defence procurement procedure, 2013, the sources said.
this is the second time that france has raised the issue of rafale with the nda government since may.
french foreign minister laurent fabius had met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and then defence minister arun jaitley in june and had pushed for early implementation of the rafale deal.
fabius had said france hopes that with the new government, which was keen on efficiency, the implementation of the decision will be swift and had expressed confidence of a positive outcome to the ongoing negotiations in the deal.
rafale, which would replace india's russian-made fleet of mig-21 and mig-27 planes, had stood over combat aircraft manufactured by rivals like boeing and lockheed martin.
at present, india has 34 fighter jet squadrons (16-18 planes in each) against the projected need of 45 squadrons.
the french defence minister also presented parrikar with two photographs of indian soldiers in world war 1.
both the leaders also agreed that indo-french strategic partnership of 1998 will be taken forward.
govt wins fdi vote in lsnew delhi, dec 5, 2012, dhns: 1:34 istsp, bsp abstain from voting; cross-voting not ruled outthe united progressive alliance (upa) government on wednesday managed to secure the lok sabhas endorsement for its decision to allow foreign direct investment (fdi) in multi-brand retail trade, as its two key outside supporters staged a walkout from the house ahead of a voting on the issue.
the two friendly parties, which helped the government win the vote, were the 22-member-strong samajwadi party (sp) and the 21-member bahujan samaj party (bsp).
both parties had opposed the fdi move.
the government won the vote, though it also became obvious from the two-day-long debate on an opposition-sponsored motion against the opening up of the retail sector for fdi that a majority of members in the 545-member house were critical of the move.
the motion, moved by leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj against the 51 per cent fdi in multi-brand retail, was defeated with 258 members voting against the motion, while 229 supported it.
a total of 487 mps took part in the voting and 58 mps abstained.
now, a scheduled two-day debate on the issue in the rajya sabha will begin on thursday.
the government does not enjoy a majority in the house.
sources also did not rule out the possibility of some cross-voting.
apart from the sp and bsp members, those who were not present for the voting were: h d kumaraswamy and cheluvarayaswamy (both jd-s), raghuvansh prasad singh (rjd), babulal marandi(jvm), dilip singh judeo and mansukhbhai (both bjp), asaduddin owaisi(mim), capt jnp nishad(jd-u), and kabir suman (trinamool).
but jd(s) chief and former prime minister h d deve gowda voted for the motion.
all other bjp members from karnataka, barring j shantha from bellary, voted as per the party whip, despite speculation that supporters of former chief minister b s yeddyurappa would vote against the motion.
the issue figured in the morning meeting of the senior bjp leaders.
shantha has been barred by the supreme court from taking part in house voting.
along with the vote on fdi, the house also voted against another motion that questioned the recently framed rules of the foreign exchange management act.
the motion, moved by sougata roy of the trinamool congress, secured 227 votes, while 258 voted against it.
speaking after the governments victory in the lok sabha, an elated upa chairperson sonia gandhi hoped that the coalition would win in upper house endorsement, too.
prime minister manmohan singh described the win as parliaments approval for fdi.
she said this was reflected in speeches of leaders of different political parties.
going by speeches in the debate on fdi, leaders of various parties which extended support in favour of the motion and against bringing fdi in multi-brand retail had 282 votes and those against it had 224 votes.
the government won technically but lost morally, she said.
she criticised the sp and bsp action and said people of the country knew that it was a sham.
if they had voted on the lines they spoke, the government would have been defeated.
they have indirectly supported fdi, she added.
but sp chief mulayam singh yadav defended his partys abstention.
we walked out because the government has neglected the interests of farmers and small traders.
we are against fdi, he said.
when pointed out that he could have well voted against fdi in the house if he was against the proposal, mulayam remarked: it was our partys decision to abstain.
we did not want to be seen voting along with communal parties.
numbers gametotal members in lok sabha-544 (excluding speaker)* voted on the motion against fdi 487* voted in favour of fdi 258* voted against fdi 229favour of fdi* congress* dmk* ncp* rld* rjd and othersagainst fdi* bjp* jd (u)* shiv sena* bjd* left parties* aiadmk* deve gowda of jd(s)abstained* sp n bsp (both parties staged walk out before voting began) n babulal marandi (jvm)* h d kumaraswamy and cheluvaraya swamy (both jd-s) n asaduddin owaisi (mim)* raghuvansh prasad singh (rjd) n dilip singh judeo and mansukhbhai (both bjp)* jaganmohan reddy (ysr congress) n kabir suman (trinamool) etc.
govt rules out resignation of smriti, sushmanew delhi, june 25, 2015, dhns: 1:53 isttrouble mounts for bjp: cong threatens to disrupt parliament sessionthe government on wednesday ruled out the resignation of union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and smriti irani who are embroiled in controversies, even as congress threatened to disrupt the monsoon session of parliament if they are not removed from the cabinet.
union home minister rajnath singh and it minister ravishankar prasad defended their cabinet colleagues during a press conference saying, this is not upa government and our ministers do not do all that their (upa) ministers used to do.
the latest to hit the government was a delhi court order admitting a petition against irani in a fake degree case, within weeks after swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje faced criticism for helping former ipl chairman lalit modi, who is facing investigations in india.
this is not their (congress) government.
this is nda government.
our ministers do not have to resign, singh said when asked about congress threat to disrupt parliament session.
as singh dismissed the congress demand, prasad chipped in, let me add, our ministers do not do all that their ministers used to do.
both singh and prasad initially refused to answer questions on issues other than cabinet decisions.
i have nothing to say.
you are not asking about cabinet decisions but about cabinet ministers, singh said when asked for his comments on court action against irani.
the senior ministers remarks came a day after bjp mp and former home secretary r k singh added to the dissent inside bjp over swaraj and raje extending help to lalit modi, saying, any help to a fugitive is legally and morally wrong.
finance minister arun jaitley said in san fransisco that the government will play by the rule book on the lalitgate controversy.
in his remarks during an interview to pti, jaitley said that they would make sure that absolute standards of probity are maintained.
jaitley also said there is no question at all about the government going on the back foot on this issue, as it has done nothing wrong.
on opposition strategy to disrupt the parliament session, jaitley said parliament is meant to discuss and not to disrupt business.
new delhi, aug 12, 2015, (pti) 12:45 istsigns of a thaw emerged in lok sabha with the government accepting opposition demand to discuss an adjournment motion on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's alleged role in lalit modi controversy.
swaraj herself requested speaker sumitra mahajan to accept the opposition demand soon after the house assembled for the day, the penultimate day of the monsoon session which has remained stalled over congress protests on the lalit modi and vyapam issues.
the external affairs minister's request prompted parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu to tell the house that the government was ready to discuss the issue under an adjournment motion, a matter which was not acceptable to it so far.
as the opposition began their protests, swaraj requested the speaker to accept the notice of adjournment motion given by congress leader mallikarjun kharge that was related to her.
let only the opposition participate in the debate and no one from the government would be part of it, she said.
however, kharge insisted that the prime minister narendra modi should be present during the debate and should reply.
how can action be taken against the minister without the prime minister being present and answering to the debate, he wondered.
amid the protests in the well, naidu said that yesterday, the opposition had called for taking up the matter on priority basis.
the government has no problem in discussing the adjournment motion, he said and urged the agitating members to return to their seats.
congress and left members were protesting in the well holding placards were heard shouting slogans like 'we want resignation' and 'we want justice'.
reacting to this, naidu wondered, what is justice when about 20 people keep shouting in the well.
noting that adjournment motion could be taken up only on the basis of procedures since she has rejected it, mahajan said it would be discussed only after the question hour.
i have no objection to the adjournment motion.
.
.
but there is no rule to suspend question hour, she said.
as the protests continued, a visibly peeved mahajan said is this (order) .
.
.
.
someone is standing and someone is talking.
kharge said they do not want to challenge the speaker's authority but the matter should be discussed under an adjournment motion which has weightage.
with the protests continuing, mahajan reminded the members not to raise unnecessary issues.
earlier, the house stood in silence for a brief while as a mark of respect for two former members -- baleswhar ram and jagannath singh -- who passed away recently.
gadkari snubs sushmalast updated: 28 may, 2011new delhi, may 28, (pti): 20:10 istwith her remarks on arun jaitley regarding reddy brothers threatening to snowball into a major row, bjp president nitin gadkari today stepped in to virtually snub sushmaswaraj swaraj saying any debate on the choice of ministers in karnataka in the media is ''totally unnecessary''.
gadkari came out with a statement this evening after former party president rajnath singh and chief minister b s yeddyurappa claimed responsibility for inducting the controversial reddy brothers, mining magnates, into the state cabinet, from which swaraj had distanced herself.
swaraj, widely perceived to be close to the reddy brothers, had in an interview yesterday said it was jaitley, yeddyurappa, m venkaiah naidu and ananth kumar who had decided to induct janardhan and karunakar reddy into the cabinet.
the remarks, which brought to fore the differences in second generation leadership in the party, forced rajnath singh and yeddyurappa to claim responsibility for the induction of the reddy brothers.
while swaraj and jaitley kept mum on the issue, gadkari came out with a sharp statement which said there is absolutely no question of any individual or individuals influencing this process in any particular manner.
any debate about the choice of ministers in the karnataka government at this stage in the media is totally unnecessary, gadkari said.
this is the second time that gadkari appeared to openly snub swaraj for her public statements.
in the earlier instance, gadkari had differed with her when she said she was satisfied with prime minister manmohan singh's statement on the controversy surrounding appointment of p j thomas as cvc and the matter should be closed.
in today's statement, gadkari said bjp is a democratic party and always follows the democratic procedure of government-formation in states when it is returned to power.
the party leader is elected by the bjp legislature party in the presence of a team of central observers.
the chief minister, in exercise of his constitutional prerogative, forms his cabinet in consultation with the party's central and state leadership, gadkari said.
he maintained this practice was followed in karnataka as well.
it is the considered position of bjp that all our cabinet ministers in karnataka government are the unanimous choice of the party, both central as well as the state, and are equally capable and committed to providing good governance to the people of karnataka, gadkari said.
earlier, rajnath singh had denied there was any rift between swaraj and jaitley.
reports of a rift between sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley are baseless.
this is true that arun was in-charge of karnataka.
i had sent him there as i was president (of bjp) during cabinet formation, singh said.
however, he said he took responsibility for all that happened in karnataka and nobody could be blamed for that.
the selection of ministers is also the chief minister's prerogative, he said.
bjp spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said swaraj had herself stated in the same interview that she and jaitley were in agreement on 95 to 99 per cent issues.
bengalurean sends sushmaswaraj sos to help wife trapped in saudimarch 5, 2017, bengaluru, dhns 1:31 ista bengalurean, whose wife went to saudi arabia to work as a domestic help eight months ago but has been kept in illegal confinement since, has approached the minister of external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking help to bring her back to india.
advocate b t venkatesh has written to the minister on behalf of his client, r baskaran, a mason by profession.
he has also contacted swaraj on her twitter handle and the meas e-mail id.
baskaran, a resident of thotagere village, railway gollahalli, said his wife, ranjitha, was sent to saudi arabia by two employment agents  kavitha, from bengaluru, and meeran nagur, from chennai.
she is under the control of a contractor named lati.
she is physically and mentally abused, starved, made to work for 18 gruelling hours a day and not being paid anything.
in the last eight months, she has worked in more than 37 places.
ranjitha speaks only tamil and kannada, and can barely sign her name.
on march 2, ranjitha managed to escape the illegal confinement and approached a police station in dammam.
lati is trying to contact her but she is scared to go back to him.
on march 3, around 7.
15 pm, police asked ranjitha not to complain against anybody as she may not be able to return to india.
they have taken her in a vehicle without saying where she is being taken.
didn't recommend travel documents to lalit modi: sushmanew delhi, july 25, 2015, (ians) 15:19 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday reiterated that she did not recommend travel documents to former ipl chief lalit modi.
i am saying this time and again that i never requested or recommended travel documents for lalit modi, she said in a string of tweets in response to questions.
i left this to the uk government to decide under their own laws and regulations.
and that is what they did, she said.
as a minister i am accountable to parliament.
that is the only forum to inform the nation.
she added: i help people every day.
that too on a single tweet.
sushma swaraj's reported help to lali modi has paralysed parliament, with the opposition demanding her resignation and an investigation.
on saturday, she said she had agreed to a debate in parliament on the very day it opened for the ongoing monsoon session.
she added that congress members were not allowing the debate to take place.
asked if she had telephoned british politician keith vaz to allow the british government to let lalit modi travel to london, she said: this is absolutely false.
india looks to improve defence ties with myanmarnew delhi: july 18, 2015, dhns: 0:53 istahead of myanmars landmark first election under a military-backed quasi-civilian government, india has offered the neighbouring country its armed forces experience on working in a democracy.
this, even as new delhi seeks to boost its defence ties with nay pyi taw to counter china's growing strategic influence.
new delhi has offered to help nay pyi taw modernise its armed forces, providing not only military hardware but also training myanmar's armed forces personnel.
india has also offered to help myanmar augment the forces' information technology edge.
the first meeting of the india-myanmar joint consultative committee in new delhi, co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and myanmars foreign minister u wunna maung lwin, saw new delhi seeking to boost its defence ties with nay pyi taw to deal with emerging security challenges.
swaraj conveyed to lwin new delhis commitment to help nay pyi taw build a professional and capable myanmar navy to safeguard and ensure its maritime security.
indias offer to support myanmar's army and navy and, at the same time, its nudge to the neighbouring country's military to adapt to democratic processes, is significant, coming just weeks after new delhis security cooperation with nay pyi taw was highlighted by their tacit coordination during indian armys surgical strikes along the india-myanmar on camps of insurgent outfits operating in the north-east.
ahead of pollsit also came just four months before an election which could prove to be a landmark for myanmar.
it is going to be the first to be held under the government of president u thein sein, who has been pursuing political reforms in a country that has been under military rule for years.
though the military still has substantial control over the government there, the november 8 election is expected to be the freest and fairest since 1990, when the first multi-party election in decades was held in the country.
nobel-laureate aung san suu kyis national league for democracy (nld) had won the elections, but the country's ruling military junta refused to give up power.
suu kyi, who spent 15 years under house arrest, will lead the nld in the elections, although a controversial rule may bar her from being elected as the next president.
though india has over the past few years stepped up its engagement with myanmar's army, new delhi is also keen to support its democratic processes.
lwins tour to new delhi is likely to be followed by a visit by the commander-in-chief of myanmars armed forces, senior general min aung hlaing.
smriti, pankaja in trouble toonew delhi, june 25, 2015, dhns: 2:06 istthe bjp faced further embarrassment on wednesday after a local court in delhi agreed to hear a petition accusing hrd minister smriti irani of misrepresenting her educational qualification in election affidavits.
the setback comes at a time when two other top bjp leaders, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, are embroiled in a controversy surrounding disgraced former ipl commissioner lalit modi.
the complaint, filed by freelance writer ahmer khan, stated that smriti had given different details regarding her educational qualification in three different affidavits before the election commission while filing nominations for contesting three different pollstwo for the lok sabha and one rajya sabha.
in her affidavit for the april 2004 lok sabha polls from chandni chowk here, smriti declared that she completed ba in 1996 through a correspondence programme from the delhi university (du).
whereas, in another affidavit in july 2011 for contesting the rajya sabha polls from gujarat, she declared that her highest educational qualification was bcom (part i) from the school of correspondence, du.
finally, while filing the nomination from amethi to contest the 2014 lok sabha polls, smriti stated that she completed bcom from the school of open learning, du.
metropolitan magistrate akash jain said: it is held that the present complaint case is filed under limitation (of time).
cognizance is taken.
the matter was posted for august 28 for pre-summoning evidence which means that the court would examine evidence supplied by khan before deciding to proceed further.
its not a problem to be less educated or be uneducated.
.
.
but its a big issue that she is not being honest despite being the human resources development minister, said khan.
if convicted under section 125a of representation of peoples act for filing a false affidavit, smriti will face a sentence of up to six months or fine or both.
the opposition has demanded her resignation.
it is apparent that the hrd minister is lying about her own education.
what will happen to the future of millions of children in the country.
she has no moral, constitutional or legal right to continue even for a day, said congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala.
he also dragged minister of state for hrd ram shankar katheria into the controversy as his educational credentials is also under cloud.
surjewala said that it is unfortunate that the senior and junior hrd ministers academic qualification is under probe.
the aam aadmi party (aap), which is already on the back foot after former law minister jitender singh tomar was jailed for possessing a fake degree, demanded that smriti should be sacked.
there cannot be two yardsticks.
prime minister narendra modi had said neither is he corrupt nor shall he allow corruption.
the rule of law is same for everybody.
if they believe tomar should be arrested, why not smriti irani?
said aap leader ashutosh said.
bjp leader shrikant sharma, however, said that the congress does not have the moral right to question smritis academic background as their party president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhis election affidavits have come under suspicion in the past.
dumped by sushmaswaraj , reddys rope in gadkarilast updated: 11 august, 2011bangalore, august 11, dhns: 0:09 istdisowned by mother sushmaswaraj swaraj, the reddy brothers of bellary have managed to get bjp national president nitin gadkari and his wife to participate in their annual varamahalakshmi pooja programme in bellary on friday.
gadkari and his wife will take a special flight from new delhi and will land at jindal airport in vidyanagar and then drive to residence of b k srinivasmurthy, a doctor, where the pooja will be held, sources said.
he will also attend a mass marriage programme before returning to delhi.
bjp senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had made it annual ritual to attend varamahalakshmi pooja organised by karunakara reddy and janardhana reddy - decided to keep off the leaders facing grave charges of illegal mining, this year.
waning influenceswaraj has been attending the pooja programme since 1999 after she unsuccessfully contested the lok sabha elections against aicc president sonia gandhi.
the reddys, who have been camping in new delhi after they were left out when chief minister d v sadananda gowda inducted 21 members into cabinet on august 8, succeeded in persuading gadkari to attend the programme.
the party central leadership did not consider their request to induct a couple of their nominees during the second round of cabinet expansion on thursday.
gadkari, it is said, was not averse to inducting b sriramulu, the associates of reddys, as minister in the sadananda gowda cabinet.
but, the state leaders are said to have thwarted his plans.
press trust of india, new delhi, jun 5 2017, 18:53 istindia today ruled out any meeting between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif when the two will be in kazakhstan this week, and asserted that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj).
taking a tough stance on ties with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said talks and terror cannot go together while articulating strategy of india which was based on three pillars in dealing with that country.
she also emphasised that india was engaged with other countries on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
she was asked if modi and sharif will meet on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit at astana, kazakhstan on june 8-9.
asked about reported remarks of a pakistani law officer that islamabad will take the kashmir issue to icj after india approached the global court in kulbhushan jadhav case, the minister said.
pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to icj.
the shimla agreement and lahore declaration are very clear on kashmir issue that it can only be resolved bilaterally.
the two countries are bound by these bilateral agreements.
she also referred to some cases pending at other courts such as hyderabad nizam funds case in the uk court and issues pertaining to indus waters treaty before the world bank.
rejecting suggestions that the government had a flip- flop policy in handling pakistan, she said india is very clear that it wants to hold dialogue, resolve all issues bilaterally without mediation from any third country, organisation or anyone else.
but at the same time terror and talks cannot go together.
the minister also emphasised that the government was asking other countries not to see cross-border issue or terrorism emanating from pakistan from the prism of india but see if the international terrorism was in anyway linked with that country.
finally, where was osama bin laden found?
in pakistan, she said, adding it was time to finalise the comprehensive convention on international terrorism at the un and define terrorism.
on pakistan's contention that it will raise jurisdiction on the merit of the jadhav case, she said india has a very strong argument and it will win the case.
she also made it clear that india's case was based on pakistan's violation of vienna convention under which consular access was not only essential but compulsory.
india has made 16 requests to pakistan to grant access to jadhav, who was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on charges of involvement in espionage and sabotage activities against the country.
pakistan claims its security forces arrested him from its restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
however, india maintains that he was kidnapped from iran where he had business interests after retiring from the navy and approached icj to save his life.
suspension of 25 mps new low in house historynew delhi, aug 04, 2015, dhns: 0:07 istthe suspension of 25 congress mps by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan marks the second low in the infamous history of parliament.
mahajan suspended the mps for five working days on monday by invoking rule 374 (a) that empowers presiding officers to penalise members for causing grave disorder by coming into the well of the house or abusing the rules of the house persistently and wilfully obstructing its business by shouting slogans.
to suspend mps beyond five days, the speaker has to move a motion for the house to adopt.
on july 27, mahajan had suspended west bengal congress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury for rest of the day for insulting the chair after he banged a placard on her table in the house.
the speaker handed out a milder punishment, despite the bjp wanted that he should be barred from attending the entire monsoon session.
the opposition party has taken a strong stand against modis government refusal to sack external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje (over lalitgate) and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan (over vyapam scam).
defending the speakers move, a senior minister said the first time a large scale suspension took place was during a budget session of lok sabha in 1989 when parliamentary affairs minister hkl bhagat moved a motion for naming and suspending 58 mps following commotion over the tabling of the thakkar commission report.
later five more were suspended bringing the total figure to 63 on the same issue.
in the winter session of 2014, 17 mps  eight belonging to andhra pradesh and nine of telangana region  were suspended for disrupting house on the issue of carving out separate state of telangana.
a year prior to that, 12 mps were suspended.
tall leaders such as socialist icon dir ram manohar lohia and his follower madhu limaye were suspended.
besides, as per government parliamentary statistic, there are other instances of penalising errant mps in 1963, 1972, and 1987 as well.
sushma keen to make statement on lalit modi issue: naidunew delhi, july 20, 2015, (ians) 16:58 istparliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu on monday said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was keen to make a statement in parliament on the lalit modi controversy surrounding her.
sushma swaraj is keen to make a statement in respect of the allegations against her regarding lalit modi's travel documents, naidu told reporters here after an all-party meeting.
the monsoon session of parliament begins on tuesday.
he also ruled out the resignations of sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as rajasthan and madhya pradesh chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, respectively, as demanded by the congress.
naidu told the leaders at the all-party meeting that the government would like to make statements on the visits of the prime minister to the central asian countries and on some major initiatives taken by the government, a government statement said.
according to the statement, congress leader ghulam nabi azad said at the all-party meet that developments relating to vyapam and lalit modi were serious and the government should take action in this regard.
azad also demanded the resignations of the union minister and others.
sushma swaraj has admitted that she helped modi procure documents to travel to portugal for the treatment of his cancer-stricken wife on humanitarian grounds.
meanwhile, naidu expressed concern over media reports that the ensuing monsoon session would be a washout and hoped that the reports won't turn true.
pm modi talks tough, cautions bjp mps not to cross 'laxman rekha'new delhi, dec 16, 2014, agencies: 14:52 istin a stern warning to bjp mps, prime minister narendra modi today asked them not to cross the 'lakshman rekha' with controversial remarks as it hurt the government and the party.
modi's tough talk came against the backdrop of repeated opposition disruptions in parliament objecting to remarks by a union minister and bjp mps on issues like conversion.
sources said addressing bjp mps at the bjp parliamentary party meeting here, the prime minister said government will not get diverted from its development agenda and stressed that the work should be visible on the ground.
at the meeting, the prime minister asked mps not to cross the 'lakshman rekha' in their remarks, the sources said.
the pm's remarks come amid controversies over certain statements of party leaders that triggered opposition uproar in parliament.
the rajya sabha has not been functioning for almost a week now.
modi also told party mps about the government's plans to hold a host of programmes like seminars and conferences on 'good governance' on december 25 that coincides with former prime minister a b vajpayee's birthday.
the prime minister had earlier announced that the day be celebrated across the country for good governance, which he said was ushered in the previous nda regime led by vajpayee and is being carried out in this government.
a campaign on clean india, holding debates and discussions on good governance addressed by top bjp leaders, eliciting suggestions from public to improve governance and distributing literature on it during the previous six-year nda regime and during the six months of this government will mark the day.
elaborating on the programme at the bjp parliamentary party meeting at parliament house library, he said service to society will be initiated by holding of camps on health, eye care, blood donation and distribution of blankets and other essentials to the poor in hospitals on the day, party sources said.
besides prime minister modi, finance minister arun jaitley and parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu spoke on good governance and the current impasse created by opposition.
jaitley said that government was keen to get bills passed and would not be cowed down by the opposition agenda.
he also said that the opposition was hell-bent on wasting this session.
the opposition does not want any discussion, but wants destruction of the current session, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi told reporters after the meeting.
he said there was a policy paralysis in the previous government and the opposition did not want government to carry out any legislative business which it was very keen to do.
all party mps including union ministers rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari were present at the meeting.
kerry leaves for indiawashington, jul 30 (pti) 10:18 istus secretary of state john kerry, heading a high-powered delegation, today left for india to co-chair the fifth annual india-us strategic dialogue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi during his three-day official visit.
state department spokesperson jen psaki, who is accompanying kerry on his trip, said the top us diplomat would also meet prime minister narendra modi.
it is the first cabinet-level between the obama administration and the new indian government led by modi.
kerry leads a high-powered us delegation including commerce secretary penny pritzker to co-chair the india-us strategic dialogue with swaraj in new delhi on july 31.
there is incredible potential for the usindia relationship and the strategic dialogue is a great opportunity to explore ways to move forward, congressman joe crowley said.
we already have very strong people-to-people relations, and our two countries should be doing everything we can to work together more and more, the top democratic lawmaker, who also co-chairs the congressional caucus on india and indian americans, said.
while kerry's meeting would set the tone of india us relationship, officials said the trip would lay the ground work for modi's september visit to washington to meet us president barack obama.
kerry's visit underscores the importance of the us-india partnership, and will lay the groundwork for prime minister modi's september visit to the united states, psaki said.
psaki told reporters that the strategic dialogue is an opportunity to reinvigorate the already strong relations with india and to begin working with the new government to advance shared bilateral and regional interests.
discussions will focus on expanding trade and investment to achieve greater shared prosperity; ensuring india's energy security through cooperation and clean energy; ensuring the safety of both our nations through expanded counterterrorism and homeland security cooperation; and tackling global issues such as the looming threat of climate change, she said.
congressman crowley hoped that in future dialogues, the conversation can expand beyond the foreign ministry to include elected officials from both nations in order to strengthen and deepen the bilateral ties.
kochi , dec 26, 2016, dhns 18:54 istif i were a european priest, i would have been taken more seriously.
i am from india.
i am perhaps not considered as of much value, said priest father tom uzhunnalil in a weak voice in the video, aired by news channels in kerala.
dear pope francis, dear holy father, as a father please take care of my life.
i am very much depressed.
my health is deteriorating, he said in the video, a day after christmas.
father uzhunnalil, who looked very weak, appeared to be reading out from a text placed before him.
the veracity of the video, which was uploaded from you tube and facebook, could neither be independently verified nor was the period when it was shot known.
father uzhunnalil, who hails from kerala, was abducted in march by terror group islamic state which attacked an old-age home run by mother teresa's missionaries of charity in southern yemeni city of aden.
he claimed his captors have made many contacts with the government of india--president and prime minister.
i am very sad that nothing has been done seriously in my regard, he said.
he said reports had said everything has been done to get his release, but in reality nothing has been done.
father uzhunnalil said a news reporter abducted in the middle east was released as she was from france.
i am from india and not considered.
dear people, i pray you all, ask you all, beg you all to do your might to help me to save my life.
i need hospitalisation soon.
please come to my help quickly, he said.
the union government has said efforts are being made to secure uzhunnalil's release, but such attempts take time.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had informed parliament that prime minister narendra modi himself has spoken to various countries through which contacts can be established in yemen.
maid's hand chopped when she tried to escape harassment: familychennai, oct 8, 2015, (pti) 22:25 istthe family of a 55-year-old woman, working as a domestic help in saudi arabia, has alleged that her right hand was chopped off by her employer when she tried to escape harassment and torture.
seeking help to bring kashturi munirathinam back from saudi arabia, the family has sent representations to the state and central governments.
dmk mp kanimozhi has also sent a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking her help in this regard.
when she tried to escape harassment and torture, her right hand was chopped off by the woman employer.
she fell down and sustained serious spinal injuries, s vijayakumari, sister of munirathinam, told pti.
she said munirathinam had gone to saudi arabia to work as a domestic help only three months ago.
kasturi's employer was angered after she apprised local officials about the harassment she was facing there, she was not even provided food, she said.
asked how the family got to know the incident, vijayakumari said it was through agents who sent her to saudi.
the attack occurred on the intervening night of september 29-30, she said.
she has now been hospitalised in riyadh and is in a serious condition, our appeal is please bring her back home immediately and help in her treatment, she said.
while munirathinam's sister lives here, her family is in their village moongilarei in vellore district in tamil nadu.
in her letter to swaraj, kanimozhi said the condition of the victim was deteriorating and sought help to bring her back to tamil nadu.
steps should be taken to bring home kasturi as soon as possible, i appeal on behalf of the victim's family, she wrote.
'ananth kumar is an expert in hatching conspiracies'bangalore, may 19 , 2012, dhns : 0:31 istbjp leader b s yeddyurappa on saturday intensified his attack against the national leaders of the party, especially his long-time bete noire and bjp national general secretary ananth kumar, in an attempt to goad the high command to act.
he also announced his decision to boycott the bjp national executive meeting scheduled for 24 and 25 of this month in mumbai to protest, what he termed as, indecision on the part of the party high command.
addressing a press conference at his malleswaram office on saturday, the former chief minister directly accused ananth kumar of spiking the growth of several party leaders using his expert knowledge in hatching conspiracies.
his (ananth kumar) one-point programme is to stall leaders from coming to limelight senior leaders like jaswanth singh and arun shourie were sidelined.
though party leaders arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari are capable of taking decisions, he has not been allowing them.
he is misguiding them he is not allowing l k advani to function independently.
i do not know why they are yielding to him, he said.
he went on to add that apart from karnataka, party leaders in rajasthan and gujarat were also upset with decisions the being taken by the high command.
gujarat chief minister narendra modi too is hurt with the party as he is being sidelined.
after atal bihari vajpayee, the party has not been able to find an alternative leader.
leaders like ananth kumar should be cut to size to find solutions to all problems in the party.
otherwise, i do not see any future for the party, he claimed.
the state party was planning to send either nirmala sitharaman or montek singh ahluwalia to rajya sabha from the state.
but ananth kumar ensured that a former ias officer was elected.
besides, he has been dominating over mps from karnataka.
senior members like d b chandre gowda, suresh angadi and g s basavaraju are not allowed to speak in parliament, he said.
yeddyurappa further alleged that kumar has formed coterie of his own and kept the entire party in his firm grip.
the party should take an appropriate decision now.
otherwise there is no point in regretting in future, he advised.
yeddyurappa also blamed the party high command for not being able to resolve the long-drawn crisis in the state.
the party leaders are responsible for what i am facing today.
i am making this statement because i am deeply hurt, he said.
the lingayat leaders tongue-lashing, second in less than a week, has come as a major embarrassment to the party high command, especially when bjp karnataka in-charge dharmendra pradhan was in bangalore to meet various factions of the party.
by attacking the party, yeddyurappa is trying to send a strong message saying he will not only severe ties with the party, but is also capable of causing damage to it if he is continued to be sidelined.
that yeddyurappa is in two minds about leaving the party became evident when he sent a team of his loyalists led by basavaraj bommai to meet pradhan and seek justice.
he also seems jittery as he is gradually losing support in the party ever since the supreme court ordered a cbi probe against him.
he, however, denied speculations that he was planning to quit the party to join the congress.
it is a rumor.
neither am i joining any other party nor will i float a party.
i will tour the state and take appropriate decision at an appropriate time, he said.
new delhi, jun 19, 2015, (pti): 12:51 istbattling a major crisis over lalitgate revelations, bjp chief amit shah discussed with prime minister narendra modi damage-control measures amid mounting demands for removal of sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, who today cancelled her visit to punjab where she would have come face-to-face with shah.
sources said that shah, who had gone to pm's residence along with a delegation up farmers last evening, stayed back and had a detailed discussion with modi.
shah is understood to have discussed possible damage control measures in the wake of fresh disclosures indicating links of raje and external affairs minister swaraj with scam-tainted former ipl boss lalit modi.
the sources said shah is also in touch with rss leadership on the issue.
while bjp's top leaders have come out in support of swaraj, they are yet to openly back raje.
citing health reason, raje today cancelled her visit to punjab where she would have come face-to-face with shah for the first time since the damaging revelations that she allegedly favoured lalit modi's immigration plea in london.
raje was scheduled to share the dais with shah and union home minister rajnath singh at the function in anandpur sahib celebrating 350 years of the key sikh shrine.
due to back pain, the chief minster's doctor has advised her to take rest so she has cancelled her visit to punjab today, raje's press advisor said in jaipur.
raje had spoken to shah over phone on wednesday to explain her position.
congress has been demanding her immediate resignation along with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying they have no right to continue in office after helping the former ipc chairman who is facing money laundering and other charges.
however, rajathan health minister rajendra rathore rejected demands for raje's resignation, saying the entire national bjp and party mlas were with her.
the entire bjp be it at the centre or the state are with her.
she has been leading us and will continue to do so.
the entire legislature party is standing strongly with her.
our leadership is standing by her.
the question of her resignation does not arise, he had said.
meanwhile, bjp veteran murli manohar joshi extended support to swaraj and visited her residence here.
joshi spent more than half an hour with her.
swaraj continued her engagements today and called on tanzania president jakaya kikwete, who is currently in india on an official visit.
aiadmk mp demands cbi probe into jayalalithaa's deathnew delhi, mar 24, 2017, (pti) 14:59 istan aiadmk member in the lok sabha today sought a cbi probe into the death of former tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa, saying any inquiry by the state government will not be able to unravel the truth.
pr sundaram, who has switched to the rebel group headed by former chief minister o panneerselvam, said the centre must order a cbi probe into jayalalithaa's mysterious death.
even if tamil nadu government orders a probe, hidden things will not come out.
so we are demanding a cbi probe, he said.
in january, the supreme court had dismissed petitions filed by expelled aiadmk mp sasikala pushpa and a youth organisation seeking cbi probe into jayalalithaa's death.
during the zero hour, another aiadmk mp poonaswami venugopal raised the issue of human rights violation of tamil population during the civil war and asked the government to take a strong position on the issue.
he said government should not to consider sri lanka as a friendly country.
he also slammed the government on maintaining a studied silence over the unhrc resolution on giving two more years to sri lanka to submit report on the killing of tamils in the island nation.
there should be an international probe into atrocities on tamils in sri lanka.
we must ensure justice to tamil people in that country, he said.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar termed the security of tamils in sri lanka as a serious issue.
he told venugopal that his concerns will be conveyed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj so that appropriate action is taken to protect interests of the tamils in sri lanka.
venugopal also raised the issue of killing of an indian fisherman earlier this month, with kumar saying the matter was of paramount importance for india.
bjd member bhartruhari mahtab asked what steps have been taken for the welfare of tamil population in sri lanka after the visit of swaraj there last year as the issue was taken up by her with sri lankan leadership.
new delhi, july 19, 2015 (ians) 17:54 istcongress leader and former union minister salman khurshid has said that prime minister narendra modi wanted his own private success story with pakistan and was pursuing a policeman's foreign policy which was a disaster.
khurshid, the external affairs minister in the previous upa government of prime minister manmohan singh, said there had been no significant returns to the country from modi's visits abroad in over a year of national democratic alliance government.
he said better relations between the government and the opposition in the country was a must to bring about a national consensus on ties with pakistan.
you can't talk to another country when it is only half the voice of the nation.
unless full nation speaks, you cannot succeed with another country.
and the big mistake mr modi is making is he wants to make his own private success story with pakistan.
that is not possible.
that has never been possible.
it is not possible now, khurshid told ians in an interview.
border tensions have erupted between india and pakistan within days of a bilateral meeting between modi and pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif in the russian city of ufa on july 10 in which both leaders agreed to a series of steps to improve bilateral ties.
asked if pakistan had made an about-turn from its position in ufa, khurshid said, they are never capable or sincere in dealing with india's concerns.
we have seen this over and over again.
for anyone who is seeing it as an about-turn, we are fooling ourselves.
it was never really intended by pakistan to come on board with india's concerns on security.
it was done because they wanted to show something to the world and mr. modi wanted to show something to india, khurshid said, adding that modi had a great panache for quickfixes.
he also said that modi was dealing with pakistan in a pure tactical manner.
whatever modi decides he has to do with pakistan must have some strategic inputs.
i think he does not really rely on adequate level of strategic inputs, khurshid said.
asked if the government consulted the opposition on issues concerning pakistan, khurshid said: that is their biggest inadequacy.
i believe they like to do things on their own.
that's not the way democratic governments work.
that is not the way the government of india worked, when we were in power.
asked about his remarks that modi government's foreign policy was failure, khurshid said it has not delivered anything anywhere.
they have not told us what they want to do.
just going everywhere and getting 21 gun salutes is not what diplomacy is about.
diplomacy is about furthering your national interest, making your presence felt and and getting your high priority items.
what have we received in the last one year by way of delivery from any country that mr modi has visited, khurshid asked.
i think a policeman's foreign policy is what he is pursuing and a policeman's foreign policy, to my mind, is a disaster.
policeman's foreign policy is when you think you can play one against the other.
when you can try to be smart with everybody else, not sincere with anyone.
that's the policeman's foreign policy and that is more than apparent here, he added.
asked about performance of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, his successor in the ministry, khurshid said she hasn't had the freedom to function.
she would have done much better if she had the freedom.
i think the prime minister likes to keep this area largely to himself.
that's their choice.
asked about the party's prospects in the forthcoming assembly elections in bihar, khurshid said the party was very small in the state compared to janata dal-united and rashtriya janata dal, but hoped to make gains.
i hope there is a good, solid secular coalition, khurshid said.
asked about the timing of gandhi's elevation as party president, khurshid said:he has a very clear head about how things should shape up and sequence of events.
i will go by his instincts and his directions rather than my emotions, khurshid said.
asked about perception that gandhi was more active and articulate after his sabbatical earlier this year, khurshid said the party leader may have reworked his strategy.
i think he is always what he is now but there was something being lost in translation.
i think he has probably worked out his strategy afresh.
he said there was a sense of excitement in the party.
we were very subdued after the defeat but i think we have come out of that.
'inconceivable' that india, africa don't have permanent unsc seatsnew delhi, oct 25, 2015, (pti): 15:42 istpushing for united nations security council (unsc) reforms, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said it was inconceivable and incomprehensible that india and the african continent do not have a permanent representation in the elite club and that both need to work to remove this anomaly.
she lamented that africa despite being the largest continent in terms of number of the countries and india, which has has one-sixth of the world's population, still don't have permanent membership of the unsc.
a major issue in this context is that of un security council reforms.
the security council continues to be representative of a world order of 1945.
it is inconceivable that the security council today does not have any permanent representation from africa which is the largest continent in terms of number of countries.
it is also incomprehensible that india which represents almost one-sixth of world's population and has all credentials to be a permanent member of the security council, is still out of it.
she said 2015 has been a historic year for pushing forward south-south cooperation as india and africa celebrated the 60th anniversary of asian-african conference and the 10th anniversary of the new asian-african strategic partnership at bandung.
earlier, speaking at the inauguration of a rose garden dedicated to india-africa friendship in the national capital's diplomatic enclave, swaraj termed africa as a frontier of new opportunities, adding we are interested in africa's economic growth and its integration with global economy.
we have sought to complement our needs with each other's strengths, she said.
she said cooperation between the two in the last 15 years has reached a stage where india's trade with africa has gone up 20 times and today stands at more than usd 70 billion.
india also has a total investment of usd 30 to 35 billion in africa.
we have managed to extend concessional credit to the tune of 7.
4 billion us dollars.
most of this credit stands approved and at least half has already been disbursed.
capacity building through programmes like indian technical and economic cooperation programme (itec) in which more than 25,000 scholarships have been provided since the 2nd india africa-forum summit remains a key element of that, swaraj noted.
india considers africa as a part of its extended neighbourhood.
our partnership with africa is unique and dates back to our civilizational contacts through ancient seafarers, traders, intellectuals and monks.
today as one of the fastest growing economies in asia, india is attaching the utmost importance to its economic engagement with the african countries, she said.
new delhi, press trust of india, may 1 2017, 14:19 istprime minister narendra modi and turkish president recep tayyip erdogan today reviewed the status of bilateral ties, including in key areas of security and trade, and discussed regional and international issues of mutual concern.
ways to strengthen bilateral cooperation in the area of counter-terrorism, india's nsg membership bid and the regional security scenario were among key issues that were understood to have been discussed during the modi-erdogan meeting, according to official sources.
new impetus to a multifarious relationship.
prime minister narendra modi receives president erdogan at hyderabad house, mea spokesperson gopal baglay tweeted.
earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting president.
important engagement for the state guest.
external affairs minister @sushmaswaraj calls on president erdogan, welcomes him before delegation level talks, baglay said.
this is erdogan's first foreign tour after winning a controversial referendum on april 16 that further consolidated his executive powers.
the turkish leader arrived here yesterday on a two-day visit.
woman 'sold, tortured' in saudi to return home tomorrow: sushmapress trust of india, new delhi, may 30 2017, 17:38 istthe minister's response came after her attention was drawn to a news report in which kaur's husband kulwant singh alleged that she had gone to saudi arabia on a three-month tourist visa in january, but was sold and tortured there.
photo credit: pti.
thanks for bringing this to my notice.
sukhwant kaur is returning home on 31 may 2017 at 0415 hrs by flt g9406, swaraj tweeted.
the minister's response came after her attention was drawn to a news report in which kaur's husband kulwant singh alleged that she had gone to saudi arabia on a three-month tourist visa in january, but was sold and tortured there.
according to the report, kaur, hailing from jalandhar, was taken to saudi arabia by a delhi-based agent.
kulwant said his wife was in contact with him over phone for a week after she landed in dubai.
but a few days later, her phone got switched off and the agent also did not attend his calls.
on may 7, my wife called me up from a hospital in hail city of saudi arabia.
she said the travel agent had sold her to a local resident and she was forced to work as a slave in his house and was being badly treated and even tortured, he was quoted as saying in the report.
kumaraswamy, sriramulu, poojary enter fray in karnatakabangalore, mar 26, 2014 (pti) 17:57 istformer chief minister h d kumaraswamy, former minister b sriramulu and state senior congress leader janardhana poojary today jumped into the fray on the last day of filing of nominations for the april 17 lok sabha polls in the state.
kumaraswamy, who was accompanied by wife anitha kumaraswamy, filed nomination papers to take on union minister m veerappa moily from chikkaballapur lok sabha constituency.
the former chief minister and son of jds supremo h d deve gowda quit as mp of bangalore rural after winning from ramanagaram in the assembly polls.
in the lok sabha bypoll, his wife lost to congress' d k suresh.
aap, which has named both moily and kumaraswamy in arvind kejriwal's list of most corrupt politicians, has fielded a retired crpf dig arkesh for the seat.
speaking to reporters at chikkaballapur, about 50 kms from here, kumaraswamy said he stands a good chance winning the polls as both bjp and congress parties were immersed in corruption.
poojary, a former union minister, filed his nomination papers from dakshina kannada constituency.
poojary said there was a clear-cut battle between him and the bjp and other parties are not even in the race.
bjp has been soliciting votes in narendra modi's name, which means the contest is between modi and me.
other parties like jds are not even in the race, he said.
sriramulu, a one-time close associate of mining baron janardhana reddy, now in jail in andhra pradesh in an illegal mining case, entered the arena from bellary lok sabha constituency.
he was reinducted into bjp recently despite stiff opposition by party senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
sitting mp and congress candidate actress ramya filed her nomination papers from mandya lok sabha constituency.
she is fighting odds against jds candidate c s putturaju, whom she had trounced with a margin of nearly 50,000 votes in mandya by-polls last year.
sugar minister prakash hukkeri filed his nomination to contest from chikodi.
he had won assembly elections from chikodi in 2013 by securing the highest number of votes.
scrutiny of papers will be taken up tomorrow.
march 29 is the last date for withdrawal of nominations.
cabinet committee on security may see rejignew delhi, march 13,2017, dhns: 1:04 istdefence minister manohar parrikar.
pti file photodefence minister manohar parrikar is likely to resign from the narendra modi cabinet before he takes oath as the next goa chief minister.
the probable exit of parrikar and poor health condition of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is indicative of new faces in the cabinet committee on security, which takes most of the strategic decisions of the government.
the ministers of defence, external affairs, finance and home, along with the prime ,minister form the ccs.
parrikar was drafted in the ministry of defence in november 2014 to take over from arun jaitley who handled the defence portfolio for six months, along with his principal responsibility as the finance minister.
though the bjp leader from goa is yet to resign from the defence ministry, addressing a press conference in panaji, parrikar, along with his cabinet colleague nitin gadkari, made it clear that he would resign once he received a call from the goa governor to form a government.
for most part of his tenure in the south block, parrikar never lost touch with goas politics, travelling to the coastal state almost every weekend.
he publicly rued how he missed goan food and lost four kilograms since he settled in delhi.
finding a suitable replacement for parrikar would be a priority for the modi government because of some of the key reforms he initiated in the defence sector; the most ground-breaking being the strategic partnership model.
for the first time in independent india, the strategic partnership model would allow big private corporations to be involved in manufacturing crucial heavy duty weapons like combat jets, warships, submarines, helicopters and artillery guns.
defence manufacturing so far remains an exclusive domain of the state-owned units.
parrikar was in-charge when indian army carried out the surgical strike on terror camps across indias disputed border with pakistan.
he also oversaw the implementation of one rank, one pension scheme, which led to substantial increase in the pension of the military personnel.
to target oppn, govt 'pressured' ls speaker to allow lalit modi debate: congressnew delhi, aug 14, 2015, (pti): 17:38 istcongress today claimed it was government pressure on the lok sabha speaker which saw her allow a discussion on the lalit modi controversy through an adjournment motion after she had rejected that very demand by opposition parties for four weeks during the monsoon session.
the party charged that the government agreed for the debate under an adjournment motion at the fag end of the session so that it could target the opposition for the continuous disruptions of parliament over the lalit modi and vyapam controversies.
congress further said that it was bjp and the nda government that it leads which were alone responsible for the wash-out of the monsoon session.
congress's leader in the lower house, mallikarjun kharge, said that the move by speaker sumitra mahajan on the penultimate day of the session came after she was pressurised by the government on the issue.
at a joint press conference along with the leader of the opposition in rajya sabha, ghulam nabi azad, kharge said it was strange how the speaker gave her consent to what she had rejected before in writing.
that showed how much pressure she was under from the government, congress said.
the speaker allowed the lalit modi row to be discussed under an adjournment motion after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pleaded with her to go for such a course and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu backed such a move.
kharge said that congress had from day one of the monsoon session been calling for the issue to be taken up through an adjournment motion in lok sabha, but the demand was being rejected daily by the chair.
suddenly, under pressure of the government, she accepted, claimed kharge.
kharge said that while the government was now targeting the opposition, it has not given it credit for the 128 per cent work in earlier sessions that saw the passage of several bills due to congress's cooperation.
targeting prime minister narendra modi, he said that despite being the leader of the house, he did not come to the house for a single day during the monsoon session.
hagel meets modinew delhi, aug 8, 2014 (ians): 15:29 istus defence secretary chuck hagel friday called on prime minister narendra modi.
hagel, who is here on a three-day visit, called on the prime minister along with members of his delegation.
hagel arrived here thursday evening on a visit aimed at boosting defence and strategic bilateral ties.
he met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the morning friday before she left on a four-day visit to myanmar.
hagel's visit to india, his maiden trip as defence secretary, comes less than a week after that of secretary of state john kerry and commerce secretary penny pritzeker.
he is also slated to meet defence minister arun jaitley and national security advisor ajit doval.
the visit comes ahead of the summit meeting in washington between prime minister modi and us president barack obama sep 29-30.
beijing, feb 1, 2015 (pti) 9:29 iston her maiden visit to china, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today proposed a six point template to broad base sino-india engagement with an action oriented approach to usher in asian century.
addressing an india-china media forum at the start of her visit here, swaraj proposed the two countries should follow action oriented approach, broad base bilateral engagement, convergence of common, regional and global interests, develop new areas of cooperation, expand strategic communication, fullfill common aspirations to usher asian century.
on the defence relations between the two countries swaraj said we have made considerable progress in establishing and expanding defence contacts and exchanges including across the our border.
they contribute to the maintenance of peace and tranquillity there, a perquisite to, for the further development of our relationship.
on the boundary question my government is committed to expanding an early settlement, she said.
the minister said she will be attending the russia, india, china foreign ministers meet tomorrow.
it is only logical that therefore we have invested our energies in strengthening people to people contacts.
during this visit i expect to that area to be forward in many ways, she said.
tourism is an effective vehicle to promote people to people understanding and the two countries agreed that we need to make stronger efforts in that regard she said adding that the cultural exchange initiative agreed during xi's visit is currently under way.
china today is our largest partner in trade and goods.
the two countries are moving to invest in each other.
serious discussions enhancing connectivity has been initiated.
on that foundation we are now seeking to take our economic cooperation to a qualitatively new level, she added.
she was received by the chinese information minister jiang jianguuo when she arrived to address the forum attended by a number of journalists from india and china.
another major thrust is in establishing industrial parts in to india that would contribute to make in india campaign, she said.
china agreed to invest usd 20 billion in the parks.
we will make it easier for chinese companies to do business in india and expect that similar encouragement would be given to our companies to expand their business in china, she added.
chinese monks fa hsien and xuan zang and many other braved many difficulties to travel to india in search of knowledge.
similarly indian monks kashyap matanga and kumarjiva and many others travelled to china to spread the knowledge, she said.
it is important for us to revive xuan zanvg spirit among chinese scholars and journalists, kumarajiva spirit among indian scholars and journalists, she added.
bjp leaders note changes in modi's speechshekhar iyer, new delhi, aug 16, 2015, dhns: 2:11 ista comparison of prime minister narendra modi's independence day speech this year with last year's address shows he has sought to switch to governance issues from making exciting announcements that may not be easy to deliver soon, bjp leaders have said.
modi began this year's speech by talking about last years address: i put forward some ideas (last year).
i was new, i spoke about what i saw and felt.
his focus seemed more on fulfilment and implementation of promises and schemes already announced, said some ruling-party leaders.
essentially, the party leaders said, modi sought to convey the things he could not say in parliament's just-concluded monsoon session due to the logjam over lalitgate and the vyapam scam, as well as his decision to stay away from the disruptions and adjournments over 17 sittings.
last year, modi had made big-ticket announcements like the jan dhan yojana, renaming the planning commission, the sansad adarsh gram yojana, the swachh bharat and swachh vidyalaya missions, make in india, skill india and digital india.
this time, he candidly admitted to the absence of a solution for the one rank one pension (orop) issue despite he being in power.
in a bid to be seen as less corporate-friendly  a common accusation by the opposition  modi emphasised on his government's concern for the poor, chiefly their financial inclusion, social security, and employment.
he also dwelt at length on the crackdown on black money and transparency in coal mine, airwave and fm auctions.
bjp leaders said he was keen to change the government's anti-farmer and anti-tribal image following the land acquisition bill row.
in a bid to answer critics, even within the sangh parivar, of labour reforms, modi also called for making dignity of labour a part of the national character.
his announcement of spending rs 6,000 crore annually on development in mineral-rich tribal areas, in particular, was to counter criticism over liberalisation of mining and land acquisition in backward regions.
a major change in his address, a senior minister noted, was constant reference to india's 125 crore population as team india rather than we and us.
the repeated assertion was meant to convey that india was on the right track and the government was working.
like last year's speech, when he had called for moratorium on divisive issues, modi again attacked casteism and communalism, the latter being a pointer to the hindutva parivar, whose public statements have caused insecurity among minorities.
modi also spoke about corruption, claiming there had been no allegation against his government over the past 15 months.
he could not have made any reference to the row involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the chief ministers of madhya pradesh and rajasthan, whom he had praised in a recent poll rally in bihar.
new delhi, may 31, 2015, (pti): 16:43 istprime minister narendra modi has received 65 gifts worth rs 3.
11 lakh during his foreign visits in the past ten months since assuming charge last year, an rti query revealed.
on february 19 modi received gold and diamond studded cufflinks, valued at rs 75,000, by a host country.
the pm was also twice given tea-sets and books as gifts.
he also was presented a statue of lord buddha, whose messages he has invoked in several of his speeches abroad, said foreign ministry in response to an rti query.
the gift items received by the prime minister also included porcelain dishes, replica of temples, paintings, carpets, photographs, ornaments among others.
the government also said that former pm manmohan singh had from 2010 to june 2013 received gifts worth rs 83.
72 lakh during foreign tours.
in 2010 he was presented with a sword worth rs 20.
91 lakh, besides ornaments valued at rs 48.
93 lakh.
table-clock, pen, prayer mat, a statue of lord pashupatinath, a box made of gold are among other gifts singh received during the upa tenure.
the foreign ministry provided information on the gifts received on foreign tours by the president, the vice president, members of parliaments, and government officials during the period between year 2010 to june 2013.
while details for period between july 2013 to march 2015 has been mentioned on the ministry's website, it said.
from the year 2010 to june 2013, upa chairman and congress chief sonia gandhi had received gifts worth 3.
84 lakh during foreign tours, which included bracelets worth rs two lakh.
besides, she was presented with pashmina shawl, rugs, purse, tea-sets, a photo frame made of silver among others.
meanwhile, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has received gifts worth rs 4.
83 lakh which includes many sarees.
besides, ornaments, paintings, dinner-sets, wrist watch, pen and silk scarfs, china dishes, photo frame, a brass statue of naag devi, a buddha idol made of bronze, a metal statue of the dragon, tablet computer, candle-stand were also presented to her during official tours.
between 2010-2013 as leader of opposition swaraj had received gifts worth nearly rs two lakh while the congress government was in power.
congress president sonia gandhi from june 2014 to march 2015 has received two gifts during foreign tours.
one of it was valued at rs 3,000 while for the other commercial value could not be pegged.
on february 10 this year gandhi got two table-clocks whose value could not be ascertained while on december 15 last year she received jewellery worth rs 3,000.
during the same period, vice president hamid ansari recieved gifts worth rs 13,800 while abroad.
the reply also said that gifts valuing more than rs five thousand recieved by government officials representing india abroad are deposited to the treasury of foreign ministry.
sriramulu to rejoin bjp todaybangalore: march 14, 2014 dhns 2:44 istformer minister b sriramulu will quit the bsr congress, a party which he founded, and rejoin the bjp on friday, so that he can contest from the bellary lok sabha seat on a bjp ticket.
sriramulu will also resign as mla from the bellary rural seat.
he will join the bjp in the presence of the top brass of the state unit, including its president pralhad joshi and senior leaders b s yeddyurappa, jagadish shettar, d v sadananda gowda and h n ananth kumar.
sriramulu will also be given primary membership of the bjp.
the move comes after the bjp central leadership on thursday did not approve the merger of bsr congress with the party.
however, they offered the bellary ticket to sriramulu on the condition that he should quit the bsr congress party and contest the elections as a bjp candidate.
the decision was taken at the bjp parliamentary board which discussed the issue at length.
sushma not keensenior party leader sushmaswaraj swaraj had publicly opposed the merger, stating that the move would allow tainted leaders like janardhana reddy, a close associate of sriramulu, to get a foothold in the party.
reddy has been in jail for more than two years now, in the mining scam.
others associated with the bsr congress can also join the bjp, but only after their credentials are screened on a case by case basis.
only those who have good public image and have no cases against them will be allowed into the bjp, party sources said.
state party leaders, including joshi and shettar, impressed upon the central leadership that sriramulu held considerable clout over the valmiki community and his entry into the bjp would be electorally advantageous for the party, not only in bellary, but also gadag, raichur, koppal and chitradurga.
gsb given nodlater in the day, the central election committee cleared the names of sitting mp g s basavaraj to contest from tumkur.
the party has already announced candidates for 20 seats and those for the remaining eight were announced on thursday.
the renomination of basavaraj is seen as a victory of former chief minister b s yeddyurappa, who had backed his candidature despite stiff opposition from a majority of the state leaders.
the central election committee decided to stick to the recommendation of the state unit and cleared the name of columnist pratap simha from mysore, former pollution control board chairman b shivalingaiah from mandya and former legislator bethamangala narayanaswamy from kolar.
former mp and minister c h vijayashankar, who was keen to contest from his home turf of mysore, was offered hassan.
he is learnt to have refused to contest.
the party is yet to officially announce a candidate for the seat.
the party is still to decide whether it should field gurupadappa nagamarapalli or his son suryakanth from bidar.
house may see protest over fdinew delhi: 1:53 istopposition parties seek voting on foreign funds in multi-brand retailparliament is set to witness yet another stormy session from thursday, with the bharatiya janata party and the left insisting on a voting on the congress-led united progressive alliance governments decision on allowing foreign direct investment in the multi-brand retail sector.
in an attempt to reach out to the bjp, prime minister manmohan singh has invited top leaders of the principal opposition party  l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley  for a dinner at his residence on thursday.
the move came after the bjp and the left parties indicated during an all-party meet convened by the lok sabha speaker meira kumar on wednesday that they would allow the house to run only if the government agreed to hold a debate on the fdi in multi-brand retail under a rule that would entail voting.
though the government is confident that it had the support of enough mps in the lower house of parliament to defeat the no-confidence motion, the trinamool congress is planning to move, it is reluctant to have the debate on the fdi under rule 184 of the procedure and conduct of business in the lok sabha.
while the samajwadi party and the bahujan samaj party are likely to help the government survive a trial of strength on a no confidence motion, they may abstain in case of a voting under rule 184, thus putting the upa in trouble.
we want the house to run, we wish to cooperate in running the house, there are several issues waiting to be discussed.
but our pre-condition is that the issue on which an assurance was given to the house be taken up first under the rule 184, said bjp heavyweight and of opposition in lok sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she was referring to the assurance given to parliament by the then leader of the house pranab mukherjee in the winter session last year that a decision on fdi in multi-brand retail would be kept in abeyance till all stakeholders were consulted.
that assurance was completely and openly violated by the government.
gurudas dasgupta of the cpi too said that as the government did not appear in the mood to have a discussion on the issue of fdi in retail under rule 184, parliament might not function for at least the first few days of the session.
there was no assurance in that sense of the word.
there is a committee of assurances.
.
.
we will go into the records on what pranab mukherjee had said, said parliamentary affairs minister kamal nath, adding that he would meet leaders of political parties over the next few days and try for a convergence of views to ensure that the winter session did not suffer frequent disruptions like the last three sessions of parliament.
if they (the opposition) want to defeat the government, the straight forward action is to go for no-confidence motion.
we welcome if anybody wants to move a no-confidence motion, congress spokesman and lok sabha mp p c chacko said.
though the tmc, which has 19 mps in the ls, is set to move a no-confidence motion against the government on the issue of fdi, its plea for support from the bjp-led national democratic alliance and the left parties did not elicit positive response.
trinamool congress, a former ally of upa, will move a no-confidence motion against the government on thursday.
party sources said the motion would be tabled just before the sitting on the first day of the session of the house.
party chief mamata banerjee has directed all the party mps, except kabir suman who is considered a rebel, to be present in the lok sabha on thursday, sources said.
majority of the opposition are of the view that a debate under rule 184 entailing voting would put the upa in more trouble than a trial of strength caused by a no-confidence motion.
the sp and the bsp, which has 22 and 21 mps respectively, would not want the government to fall and help it defeat a no-confidence motion, but may abstain in case of a voting following a debate on the fdi in retail under rule 184.
the dravida munnethra kazhagam, the congress partner in the upa, might also abstain, because, like the sp and the bsp, it also joined the clamour opposing the governments decision on fdi in multi-brand retail.
the dmk has 18 mps in the ls.
in a democratic set-up, the cabinet is competent to take certain executive decisions.
the opposition should not insist on putting them to vote.
.
.
if still they feel that the government has done something wrong and should be punished, they can move a no-confidence motion, said chacko.
fate of two indians kidnapped in libya unknownhyderabad, aug 1 , 2015, ians: 12:08 istthe families of the two indians kidnapped in libya are worried over their safety as there is no information about their well-being.
though two others hailing from karnataka were released on friday, there is still no official word about the two telugu men reportedly in the captivity of the islamic state.
though sridevi, a member of balram kishan's family received a sms on friday from one of those released that all are safe, the relatives are anxious as there has been no further information.
balram kishan hails from hyderabad.
the family of t. gopikrishna, who is from srikakulam district of andhra pradesh, also lives in hyderabad.
the four indians, all teachers at university of sirte, were returning to india via tripoli and tunis on july 29 when they were detained at a check point, 50 km from sirte.
she had said efforts were on to secure the release of two others.
gopikrishna has been teaching computer science at jufra branch of the university since 2007 whereas balram has been teaching english at the same university since 2011.
kalyani, wife of gopikrishna, said he spoke to her on wednesday over phone and informed that he is coming home via tunis.
the couple has two children jhanvi (10) and eshwar (4).
balram and sridevi, a lecturer at a private college in hyderabad, have two sons vijaybhaskar (19), a b tech student at iit kharagpur and madhusudhan (12).
andhra pradesh's minister for nri affairs palle raghunath reddy said the state government was making efforts with the help of the indian government and libya to secure release of gopikrishna.
he said efforts were also being made to contact the officials of indian embassy in tripoli.
new delhi, june 14 , 2015, pti: 14:45 istopposition parties today slammed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and demanded her resignation for helping scam-tainted former ipl commissioner lalit modi in procuring travel documents in the uk, a country which he has made his home to avoid legal processes in india.
rss, however, defended swaraj, saying whatever she might have done would have been guided by her humane nature and nationalistic spirit.
i did not expect that foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj ji would help lalit modi, against whom government has issued a look-out notice, procure travel documents.
.
.
i appeal to sushmaswaraj swaraj ji to immediately resign on moral ground, senior congress leader digvijay singh said today.
his comment came after reports surfaced that sushmaswaraj had written to british lawmaker keith vaz to allegedly recommend travel documents for lalit modi for visiting portugal.
digvijay singh noted that lalit modi is facing probe by the directorate of revenue intelligence and has been served a notice by it, asking him to appear before it.
if such a person is recommended by the foreign minister to indian-origin british lawmaker keith vaz for help in getting the travel documents in the uk which he gets within 24-hours, then it is a serious issue, the congress leader said.
he said prime minister narendra modi should clarify whether or not this was done with his consent.
singh's party colleague sachin pilot said the prime minister must himself answer as to why they (government) have been helping, supporting people who have been associated with all sorts of illegal transactions, who have run away from the country and are living overseas trying to avoid indian law.
jd(u) spokesman k c tyagi also said, i condemn the help given to him (lalit modi) by swaraj.
cpi leader d raja said the matter was serious because swaraj has admitted to helping lalit modi who is wanted in the country for economic offences and has been avoiding coming to the country.
prime minister narendra modi owes an explanation to the country on impropriety committed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, he said.
raja said the prime minister should say whether this is also a part of good governance promised by him.
cpi(m) leader brinda karat termed the matter as a case of grave impropriety and said it is the duty of the prime minister to answer.
aap spokesman ashutosh said, it amounts to admission of a fact that she has helped lalit modi who is a legal offender.
there is a lookout notice for him, a red corner notice and he is being probed by enforcement directorate.
he said swaraj has no option but to resign and if she does not, then the prime minister should sack her.
on the other hand, rss leader indresh kumar said, sushmaswaraj is full of nationalism and humane nature and whatever she might have done, would be guided by nationalism and humane nature.
bsp chief mayawati, when asked about it at a press conference in lucknow, said, i do not have much knowledge of the matter.
when inquiry report comes and parliament meets, this issue will heat up.
we want the facts of the matter.
it will be better to react only after the inquiry report comes.
new delhi, aug 3, 2015, (pti): 15:07 istcongress today objected to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement in the rajya sabha saying it was made without notice and urged chairman hamid ansari not to take it on record claiming it was illegal.
in her statement during the zero hour, swaraj had made the statement saying she had not made any request to the british government for issue of travel documents to controversial former ipl chief lalit modi and asserted that all allegations against her were baseless and unfounded.
in its complaint to the chairman, congress members have taken strong exception to swaraj making the statement suo motu without any notice and sought his intervention to ensure that the illegal statement is not taken on record, sources said.
congress member madhusudan mistry had raised the issue in the house during the question hour but could not be heard in the din.
the congress members have now taken up the issue with ansari.
swaraj managed to speak a few sentences in the rajya sabha amid slogan-shouting by congress members seeking fixing of accountability in the lalitgate and vyapam scam but could not complete her statement.
world twists and turns on yoga daynew delhi, june 22, 2015, dhns: 2:05 istpm leads nation; india sets two recordsindia on sunday stretched its soft power with the celebration of yoga around the world  from taliban-stronghold herat in afghanistan and conflict zone at marjeyoun in south lebanon to eiffel tower in paris and trafalgar square in london.
except pakistan, india was joined by all its neighbours to celebrate the first international yoga day with special sessions at peking university in beijing, galle face green on the shore of arabian sea in colombo, indira gandhi cultural centre in dhaka, embassy of india in kathmandu, royal institute of management in thimphu and the thuwanna indoor stadium in yangon.
pakistan stayed away from the global celebration.
an event was, however, held within the high commission of india in islamabad.
in afghanistan, apart from capital kabul, the day was celebrated at the site of salma dam, a hydroelectric-cum-irrigation project being built by india in herat, which is still a stronghold of taliban.
with more than 170 countries observing the yoga day, prime minister narendra modi cautioned against commodifying the ancient indian wellness exercise.
yoga is not a commodity.
yoga is not a brand which has to be sold.
if we make yoga a commodity, then we will cause the maximum damage to it, modi said at a conference here, after taking part in the early morning mass yoga session with 35,985 people on the rajpath.
the effort created two guinness records: first, for the largest yoga demonstration (35,985 participants) at a single venue, second, for the largest number of people of various nationalities  84  performing yoga at one place.
the prime ministers comments on yoga commodification came against the backdrop of united states-based yoga trainer bikram choudhury claiming copyright on some of the asanas (postures), triggering a debate on the intellectual property rights.
the us authorities later clarified that yogic postures were outside the scope of copyright protection.
modi, however, acknowledged the contributions of foreign-based yoga trainers in popularising the traditional fitness regime.
the support it received in the united nations was not because of india, but due to the great tradition of yoga.
yoga practitioners are there in almost every country.
we will take the movement forward for better health, he said.
the un celebrated the unique cultural heritage of india on its premises in new york, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj joining the secretary general ban ki-moon.
in india, yoga day was celebrated across the country.
in gujarat, chief minister anandiben patel took part in a session and practised asanas for almost 35 minutes along with more than 70,000 participants.
in karnataka, chief minister siddaramaiah observed, there is a special connect between karnataka and yoga.
b k s iyengar, pattabhi jois from mysuru and other gurus have put yoga on the world map.
india launches virtual memorial wall to honour peacekeepersunited nations, may 30, 2015, (pti) 11:02 istindia has launched a virtual memorial wall to honour its soldiers who laid down their lives while serving in un peacekeeping operations, a precursor to the eventual construction of a permanent memorial wall at the world body's headquarters proposed by the country.
the wall was unveiled by india's ambassador to the un asoke mukerji at a solemn ceremony to mark the international day of un peacekeepers here yesterday.
the wall of honour includes details of 161 indian peacekeepers who were killed in the line of duty in 16 un peacekeeping missions so far.
the wall will be hosted on the website of the permanent mission of india to the united nations.
the initiative is a precursor to the eventual construction of a un peacekeepers memorial wall on the premises of the un headquarters, a proposal given by india as an appropriate way to commemorate all the troops from member states of the united nations who had given their lives while on duty under the blue flag of the united nations, the mission said.
the proposal for the memorial wall has been recommended by the special committee on peacekeeping operations and is under consideration in the special political and decolonisation committee as a part of draft proposals.
mukerji also paid homage to the 126 un military, police and civilian personnel who were posthumously awarded the prestigious dag hammarskjold medal this year for their supreme sacrifice in various peacekeeping operations in 2014.
two indians - lance naik nand ram, who served with the un organisation stabilisation mission in the democratic republic of the congo (monusco) and raju joseph, who had served in a civilian capacity with the un mission in south sudan (unmiss) were among those awarded the dag hammarskjold medal.
mukerji welcomed uniformed personnel from across the world and read out external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's message on the un's commemoration of international day of peacekeepers.
the ceremony was attended by under secretary general for field support atul khare along with under secretary general for department of peace keeping operations herve ladsous, both of whom paid glowing tributes to the sacrifices made by indian peacekeepers in un peacekeeping operations.
as part of the commemoration of the international day of united nations peacekeepers, a medal parade was held for military and police officers serving with the department of peacekeeping operations at un headquarters.
three indian military officers and a police officer - lt col bharat sirohi, lt col rajneesh duseja, lt col bharat bhalla, and deputy inspector general ps knegi - were among those awarded the medal for their service.
india is the single largest contributor to un peacekeeping and so far 180,000 indian troops have participated in 44 of the 69 operations mandated by the security council.
in order to keep their memory alive, and to highlight the significant contribution these dedicated professional troops have made to the objectives and purposes of the un charter, the indian mission has been actively engaged in enhancing the commemoration of the international day of un peacekeepers on may 29 every year, the mission said.
in 2013, india had organised a photo exhibition showcasing the historical origins of its un peacekeeping participation and scenes from the various areas of operation where indian peacekeepers have been deployed over the past 60 years.
in 2014, at india's initiative, the un general assembly agreed for the first time to request the un secretary general to place a wreath at the un peacekeepers memorial, located in the un headquarters premises on may 29 every year.
these are busy times for india-us relations.
the achievements in relations are testimony to the leadership of (us) president barack obama and (indian) prime minister narendra modi, she said.
saying they firmly believe that an economically prosperous india offers a long term opportunity to us industry and capital, she listed out the areas of cooperation between the two countries which include defence and security, civil nuclear cooperation, science and technology, health, space, energy, and trade and investment.
in his opening remarks, us secretary of state john kerry said that the economic partnership between the two countries was going stronger with each passing day.
on the security side, he said the us's collaboration with india would benefit both countries and their people.
india and the us launched the ministerial-level strategic dialogue in july 2009.
its first meeting was held in washington in june 2010, followed by successive rounds in new delhi (july 2011), washington (june 2012) and new delhi (june 2013 and july 2014).
the decision to elevate the india-us strategic dialogue into a strategic and commercial dialogue was taken during the visit of obama to india in january this year for the republic day celebrations.
sushma swaraj is leading the indian delegation, which includes commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman, power, coal and new and renewable energy minister piyush goyal and senior officials from various ministries and departments.
the us delegation includes secretary of state kerry, commerce secretary penny pritzker, energy secretary ernest moniz, and a high-level inter-agency delegation.
new delhi, mar 20, 2017, (pti) 12:24 istthe two indian clerics, including the head priest of hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who went missing in pakistan last week, returned here today.
syed asif nizami and his nephew nazim ali nizami were welcomed at the airport by their family members and a group of well wishers.
amir nizami, son of asif nizami who is the head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah, thanked the indian government for its intervention in ensuring the return of his father and ali nizami.
both are fine.
we care thankful to the indian government for all the support in securing their return, amir told pti.
the two clerics did not speak to the waiting media.
ibrahim nizami, grandson of the 80-year-old head priest, said special prayers will be offered today at the nizamuddin dargah to thank the almighty for their return.
asif nizami and nazim ali nizami had gone to lahore on march 8 but went missing in the middle of last week following which india took up the issue with islamabad.
the main purpose of the visit of asif to pakistan was to see his sister in karachi.
on saturday, pakistan had conveyed to india that the clerics were traced and had reached karachi.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had taken up the issue with pakistan prime minister's adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz and requested him to trace the missing clerics.
yesterday, swaraj had spoken to asif nizami and said they were safe.
according to pakistani media reports, both clerics had been in interior sindh where there was no communication network and that is why they could not inform their relatives about their whereabouts.
earlier, pakistani sources had said the two clerics were in the custody of pakistan's intelligence agency over their alleged links with the muttahida qaumi movement (mqm).
they were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport, lahore, the pakistani sources had said.
diplomatic passport row: bjp slams kerala ministerthiruvananthapuram, aug 6, 2016, dhns: 0:19 ista day after kerala minister k t jaleel was denied a diplomatic passport to visit saudi arabia, the issue took a political colour on friday.
jaleel, minister for local self government, and department secretary v k baby were scheduled to visit saudi arabia to meet the keralites who have lost their jobs and are housed in labour camps.
but, in a late night development on thursday, their applications for diplomatic passports were declined.
jaleel, who has shelved his plans to go to saudi, termed the decision by the ministry of external affairs (mea) unfortunate and said he was not aware of the reasons behind it.
the bjp claimed there were political motives behind the ministers application for a diplomatic passport.
everyone knows that a diplomatic passport wont be issued considering the situation.
a union minister (minister of state for external affairs v k singh) is already in saudi arabia and is coordinating efforts to rehabilitate indians there.
the application by the minister is a part of an agenda to blame the centre, state bjp president kummanam rajasekharan said in kozhikode.
according to official figures, less than 300 workers from the state are languishing in saudi arabia's labour camps.
the cpm-led state government had directed jaleel and baby to take up the visit, and they were scheduled to leave on friday.
tharoor tweetscongress mp from thiruvananthapuram shashi tharoor criticised the mea for what he called deplorable behaviour and wondered why a state should not send a minister to ensure the welfare of its citizens.
tharoor said in a tweet that unless external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj intervenes, jaleel should carry on with an ordinary passport.
is this co-operative federalism?
tharoor tweeted.
new delhi, july 21, 2015 (pti) 14:07 istan adjournment motion on the vyapam scam is likely to be moved by congress in lok sabha tomorrow giving a stormy start to the monsoon session on the first working day of the lower house.
a decision to take up the vyapam issue in a big way in lok sabha was taken at a meeting party chief sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi had with party mps soon after the house adjourned today after paying obituary references, party sources said.
congress mps also plan to stage a dharna tomorrow in front of the statue of mahatma gandhi in the parliament house complex to demand action against those involved in the scam which the party is insisting is bigger than the 2g spectrum allocation scam.
sonia and rahul could participate in the dharna, the sources said.
the opposition party has been demanding the resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan insisting that a fair and impartial probe into the scam was not possible without his removal.
congress has decided to take up the issue of corruption in a major way in this session by raising the issue of vyapam as also the controversy involving former ipl boss lalit modi.
the party has been demanding the resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje on the lalit modi issue.
another 'humanitarian' decision lands sushmaswaraj in soupnew delhi, june 29, 2015, dhns: 0:57 istnew delhi in difficult situation over italian marine issueanother humanitarian decision taken by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the italian marines issue has put the government in a tight spot.
new delhi is now exploring its options after rome sought international arbitration in the case of the marines accused with killing two fishermen of kerala off the southern coast of india.
rome last week not only announced its unilateral move to seek international arbitration against new delhi within the framework of the united nations convention on the law of the sea, but also made it clear that it would not send latorre massimiliano, one of the two accused italian navy personnel, back to india.
latorre had been in italy since september 2014, as the supreme court of india had allowed him to go home for a surgery after suffering a stroke.
the external affairs ministry headed by sushmaswaraj swaraj had not opposed ailing latorres plea seeking supreme courts permission to take a break from the judicial process in india and go to italy.
no opposition to bailas regards marines applications in the supreme court, we are not opposing that application on humanitarian grounds.
she made the remark after an italian journalist asked her about the stand of india on latorres plea.
the minister is already embroiled in a controversy after it was revealed that she had helped former indian premier league chief lalit modi to get a travel document from uk authorities at a time when his passport was revoked by india for not complying with the summons issued by the directorate of enforcement.
sushma had posted on twitter that she had helped lalit modi on humanitarian view as he had to travel from uk to portugal for his wifes surgery.
sources in new delhi told deccan herald on monday that the legal experts of the ministry of external affairs and other wings of the government were studying the issue.
the apex court had on september 12, 2014 first allowed latorre to return to italy for four months.
he, however, is yet to return to india.
the last time the supreme court granted him an extension to stay in italy was on april 9 last and he now has time till july 15 to return to india.
his colleague, salvatore girone, however, is residing in embassy of italy in new delhi.
rome last friday said that it would also seek girones return to italy pending the outcome of arbitration.
rome had earlier refused to send back the marines to india in march 2013, after the supreme court had allowed them to go to italy to cast votes in the parliamentary elections.
the then congress-led upa governments decision not to oppose their plea was criticised by the bjp and other opposition parties in parliament.
new delhis tough talk however made rome change mind and the marines had returned to stand trial in india.
in a series of tweets, the minister said, i am pained to know about the tragic death of your brother vamshi mamidala.
my heartfelt condolences to your family.
i have got report from our consulate in san francisco.
the report says vamshi was killed by a drug addict on friday evening at milpitas.
the culprit has been arrested.
our consulate is in touch with your family.
we assure you of all help and assistance.
according to vamshi's family, the incident happened when mamidala vamshi chander reddy was returning after completing his part-time shift at a local store in milpitas.
vamshi had gone to california in 2013 and completed his ms in silicon valley university.
while he was looking for a job in the software industry in the us, he recently took up a part-time assignment at a local store.
pakistani friend's visa rejected, bride-to-be tweets sushmanew delhi, nov 2, 2016, pti: 22:29 istthe india-pakistan standoff has left a bride-to-be dejected as her best friend's visa application to new delhi has been 'rejected', prompting her to knock on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's doors.
purvi thacker, a journalist, vented her ire on social media and tagged swaraj's official twitter handle yesterday, hoping for a response.
however, swaraj, who is popular for her prompt interventions in such cases, is yet to respond.
counting on @sushmaswaraj to untangle the red tape.
some1 who has visited india twice already can't be a risk.
all the best for your wedding!
, senior congress leader shashi tharoor tweeted.
for all those who know mine and sarah munir's friendship, you will understand how heartbroken we are that her visa application to india for my wedding in december was denied.
that my best friend cannot be there for what will be my biggest day is something that i cannot come to terms with.
forget the hustling, the paperwork, the months of coordination and prayers- we didnt know that it would end with a rejection, thacker's facebook post read.
thakcer said borders should not come in the way of human relationships, while acknowledging the fractious history of the two neighbours.
being friends and being there for each other should not be this hard just because we were born on different sides of the borders.
we understand that our countries shared history has huge economic and political implications, but it also takes a toll on normal mundane things like human relationships and connections.
nobody thinks about that, she wrote.
new delhi, june 17, 2015 (ians) 20:04 istthe external affairs ministry can approach the supreme court to revoke the passport of former ipl commissioner lalit modi, who has been termed a fugitive by the opposition congress, only after the enforcement directorate (ed) approaches it, said sources.
the ed, which has charged lalit modi with financial impropriety in the money-spinning indian premier league cricket tourney, has to approach the external affairs ministry which in turn has to present compelling reasons to the apex court to overturn the delhi high court's august 27, 2014, order to restore the passport to modi, sources told ians.
lalit modi has been living in london since 2010 following the ed charges against him.
his passport was revoked by the previous united progressive alliance (upa) government.
lalit modi appealed against the decision in the delhi high court, which in august last year restored his passport.
the present government, which came to power in may last year, did not challenge the decision in the supreme court.
in order to overturn the delhi high court decision, the ed will have to approach the mea and the ministry's passport authority will have to present new facts and new points on which the court decision can be challenged, said the sources.
the news of lalit modi's passport has evoked much interest after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped him to procure documents to travel to portugal for medical treatment of his cancer-stricken wife in july last year.
within days of her intervention, the delhi high court restored his passport.
the congress has cried foul over sushmaswaraj swaraj helping lalit modi to travel from london to another country and not asking him to return to india to face the ed probe.
he said the conduct of sushmaswaraj swaraj in facilitating travel papers for lalit modi raises several questions.
he said modi's passport was cancelled in 2011 at the request of the ed.
the ed issued show-cause notices and summons to lalit modi but he did not respond, he said.
the senior congress leader has demanded that the government release the letters the previous upa dispensation sent to the british authorities on the lalit modi issue.
in the interest of transparency, the government of india should release the letters written to the uk chancellor on the lalit modi case, he tweeted.
on tuesday, finance minister arun jaitley said a blue corner notice served to lalit modi in 2010 by the ed on the directions of the directorate of revenue intelligence still stands.
centre is making efforts to locate punjabis in iraq: badalsangrur, may 15, 2015 (pti) 15:36 istpunjab government today said that the centre was making all efforts to locate the whereabouts 39 indian youths who had been held hostage for nearly a year by the isis militants in iraq.
a day after one of the escapee among the 40 indian youths held hostage by militants created furore by claiming that all 39 had been killed, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal today said, the centre was making strenuous efforts to locate the whereabouts of the punjabis trapped in iraq.
the state government is in constant touch with the centre to know the details of the sons of the soil trapped in iraq, he said here.
terming that it was unfortunate that all these youth have not come back till now, badal said, the state government and the centre were leaving no stone unturned to ensure their safe release.
the chief minister said that he had personally taken up the issue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was taking keen interest in evacuating these youth from the strife-torn iraq.
reiterating the state government's firm commitment to extend a helping hand to the distressed families, the chief minister further said that he had already directed the state government officers to ensure that the families of the youths were given financial assistance on time.
he said that the state government was duty bound to help these distressed families in this hour of grave crisis.
yesterday at mohali, harjeet masih (26), the lone indian who escaped from the clutches of isis militants in iraq, had claimed that all 39 indians kept hostage by militants had been shot dead.
masih, working for a construction company in iraq, claimed that he had miraculously escaped from the clutches of the militants.
i witnessed the killings of all indian co-workers, he had said.
the isis kidnapped us and took us to another place.
we were 40 indians and about 50 bangladeshis.
they assured us that our passports would come and we will be allowed to leave for india, masih had said.
they handed us over to another group of theirs who took us to a hilly region.
they fired on us indiscriminately.
i was shot on the leg, kept lying there and later escaped.
there could be a possibility that someone else also must have survived, he had said.
masih, who was kept in protective custody in iraq, had addressed media here along with aam aadmi party (aap) mp bhagwant mann.
the indian nationals were taken hostage by the isis on june 11 last year in northern iraq's mosul town.
new delhi, aug 10, 2015 (pti) 19:55 istrelatives of two indian teachers, who were kidnapped by islamic state terror group (isis) in libya, today called on prime minister narendra modi and sought the government's help for securing the abductees' release at the earliest.
four relatives, including the wives of the two hyderabad- based professors - gopikrishna and ch balram - who are held captive by islamic state terror group since july 29, also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union urban development minister m venkaiah naidu.
we gave a memorandum to the prime minister.
he said that the process was on and he will look into the matter.
he also said that he will talk to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the prime minister asked us to be confident and not to lose hope, sreedevi, wife of ch balram, said after meeting modi here.
stressing that her whole family was worried, sreedevi said she would be thankful to the government if her husband is released at the earliest.
we are very much worried.
we cannot express our worry in words because it is a question of our life.
.
.
.
it is a mental agony for the whole family.
we would be thankful to the government if they are released at the earliest, she added.
sreedevi said that she last spoke to her husband on july 29, who had told her that he along with three others would be starting from libya and reaching hyderabad.
however, they were abducted at a checkpoint approximately 50 km from sirte on july 29 while returning to india via tripoli and tunis, an area under the control of isis.
of them, two hailing from karnataka were released later, though the two hyderabad professors continue to be hostages.
kalyani, wife of gopikrishna, who is one among the kidnapped professors, said that she spoke to her husband last at 5.
30 pm on july 29.
he told me that tickets were available for july 31 and they would be reaching hyderabad on august 1, she added.
meanwhile, a statement from the union urban development minister said that naidu told the relatives that all necessary steps are being taken by the government for the safe release of hostages.
pm's council on climate change reconstitutednew delhi, nov 5, 2014, (ians): 18:22 istthe prime minister's council on climate change was reconstituted wednesday in an effort to better coordinate action on related issues, a statement said.
the 18-member committee, which has prime minister narendra modi as its chairperson and eight ministers as members, will help in formulation of action plans in assessment, adaptation and mitigation of climate change as well as periodically monitoring key policy decisions.
the members include external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, environment, forests and climate change minister prakash javadekar, agriculture minister radha mohan singh, urban development minister m. venkaiah naidu along with the cabinet and foreign secretaries among other officials.
chairperson of the energy and resources institute (teri) r.k. pachauri and prominent economist nitin desai are also members of the committee.
the ministry of environment, forests and climate change will assist the prime minister's office in facilitating the work of this committee.
jd(u) to raise in par advisory to nitish not to go to nepalpatna, may 4, 2015, (pti) 14:45 istjanata dal (united) today protested the central advisory to bihar chief minister nitish kumar to not to go to nepal for meeting earthquake victims and said it would raise the issue in parliament.
the external affairs ministry has suggested to bihar chief minister nitish kumar to defer his visit to nepal and undertake it at a more opportune time.
kumar himself avoided comment on the issue.
this smacks of politics of bjp even in relief work being carried out for earthquake victims, jd(u) general secretary k c tyagi said.
we'll raise the issue in parliament and seek a reply from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as reason for suggesting nitish kumar not to go to janakpur in nepal to express solidarity with earthquake victims, tyagi said.
information regarding kumar's programme to janakpur was given to nepal as well central government in advance.
nepal has no objection to his visit so what is the problem of the central government, he asked.
bihar has been the hub of relief work carried by the centre as well state government for earthquake victims in the himalayan country.
many union ministers visited bihar in this connection and the state government joined hands with them to lessen the plight of earthquake victims, tyagi said.
even nitish kumar has appreciated centre's relief initiative for earthquake victims.
kumar wanted to go to janakpur to express solidarity with people there majority of whom have origin in bihar, he said.
there seems to be politics in asking nitish kumar not to go to nepal, tyagi said.
state jd(u) spokesman sanjay singh attacked the centre and said this reflected inferior quality of politics of the bjp.
the step to ask the cm not to visit nepal appeared driven by fear that kumar would gain all publicity which the bjp did not want, singh said.
new delhi, aug 11, 2015, (pti): 14:14 istunabated uproar by congress members in the lok sabha today invited the wrath of speaker sumitra mahajan who called their protests murder of democracy and hijacking the rights of 440 members by 40-50 others in the opposition.
mahajan also asked the lok sabha tv, which broadcasts live proceedings of the house, to show the irresponsible opposition members so that the whole country could see their behaviour.
the speaker's angry response came as protesting members intensified their slogan-shouting in the well and the chair refused to adjourn the house and deciding to continue with the work.
many congress members were seen raising placards close to the speaker's podium so that they could be seen on camera, prompting parliamentary affairs ministry m venkaiah naidu to launch an attack on the main opposition party congress, before mahajan too spoke against it.
what is this happening?
20 people cannot dictate the entire house.
let action be taken.
what kind of tamasha is this?
they go to the speaker's house to protest and are now showing placards on the face of the speaker, naidu said as congress members raised slogans on their demands.
naidu's response came after bjp veteran l k advani was too seen expressing concern over the disruptions to home minister rajnath singh and naidu.
congress is insisting that it would not allow parliament to function till action is taken against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan for their alleged role in lalit modi and vyapam controversies.
as naidu spoke, mahajan lamented what can be done before attacking the protesting members, some of whom were apparently urging her to adjourn the house.
show them on tv.
i am requesting the lok sabha tv.
this is not the way.
i won't adjourn the house.
.
.
let people see what kind of behaviour they are showing.
let whole of india watch.
40 people are hijacking the rights of 440 members.
this is murder of democracy.
this is not democracy.
440 members want to talk and 40-50 members are not letting them.
let people know how irresponsible they are.
the chair has no wish of being seen on the tv.
let people watch them, she said.
oppn continues ruckus forcing two adjournments of rsnew delhi, jul 31 , 2015, pti: 13:48 istthe stalemate in rajya sabha continued today with opposition congress remaining adamant on its demand for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and the government outrightly rejecting it.
the upper house witnessed uproarious scenes with opposition and treasury benches trading charges against each other, leading to two adjournments during the zero hour and the question hour.
soon after the house assembled for the day and obituary references were made, congress members stood in the aisle and raised slogans seeking action against swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for allegedly helping controversial former ipl head lalit modi and chouhan for the vyapam scam, forcing deputy chairman p j kurien to adjourn the house till noon.
similar scenes were witnessed when the house met again for the question hour as there was no let up in the congress demand for the resignations, with the government slamming them for making baseless allegations and making it clear that there was no question of agreeing to their demands.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad moved a motion that proceedings of the house be adjourned and prime minister narendra modi should come to the house and tell what action he has taken to ensure the resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister in the vyapam scam.
the business of the house should be adjourned and the prime minister should come to the house and tell us what action he has taken for resignation of madhya pradesh chief minister in the vyapam scam.
if prime minister comes and announces resignation, then we will listen, he said.
rejecting the demand, minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the opposition members were disrupting the proceedings every day on the same issue even though the government has made it clear that it was ready for a discussion.
but nobody will resign, we have said it many times.
modi government will not act on baseless allegations, naqvi said.
government has been saying from the very beginning that there will be no resignation.
this government is not functioning to oblige you.
we are ready for a discussion.
you are running away from a debate, he said.
you are trying to hurt the country's progress and development and people will teach you a lesson, the minister said, leading to sharp exchanges between the two sides.
soon, congress members entered the well and created uproar, chairman ansari adjourned the house till 1 pm.
when the house reassembled, the house was adjourned for the third time till 2.
30 pm.
azad recalled that in the narasimha rao government when he was parliamentary affairs minister, the opposition had demanded the resignation of then foreign minister and he had apprised the prime minister about it and the minister had resigned.
i told the prime minister about the opposition demand, the foreign minister resigned and we announced the same in parliament, he said, recalling that atal behari vajpayee was then the leader of opposition.
when chairman hamid ansari tried to take up the question hour, unrelenting congress members kept shouting slogans demanding the resignation of swaraj, raje and chouhan.
raising the issue, congress leader anand sharma said the opposition demand has consistent but it has got no reply from the government on the points he has been raising.
soon after the house mourned death of its former member sarada mohanty and papers were laid on the table, kurien said he has received four notices for suspension of business to take up discussion.
earlier also i agreed to suspend business (on similar notice) but the motion was not moved.
what is the point, he said and asked congress members if they were ready to move the motion today.
sharma said while the motions of past are past, the motions moved today were independent motions.
the motions seek a response from prime minister to our demand for accountability and action.
we are within our right to move the motion and demand action, he said, adding the government has not agreed to congress party's demand.
telecom minister ravi shankar prasad said leader of the house and finance minister arun jaitley as well as other ministers have already stated that the government was ready for a discussion and it should start immediately.
please start discussion immediately, he said, accusing the opposition of running away from discussion.
to this, sharma said prasad was suffering from selective loss of memory.
.
.
we want tangible proposition (on the demands).
kurien said the motion demands discussion on the vyapam scam and prime minister's response to it while fixing responsibility.
they (government) are ready for it, he said.
but the congress members were not satisfied moving into aisle shouting slogans demanding resignations first.
pehle istifa do (first resign), they shouted.
amid the din, kurien adjourned the house till 1200 hours.
when the house met at 1 pm, minister of state for railways manoj sinha made a statement correcting an answer to a question given on april 24 on irctc to emulate online shopping portals.
after the minister's corrected his statement, sitaram yechury (cpi-m) said this should not become a practice.
if corrections are there, they have to come to the house, chairman ansari, however, said, as he adjourned the house till 2.
30 pm.
new delhi, july 23, 2015 (pti) 19:47 istat a time when parliament is witnessing a stalemate, prime minister narendra modi today said the world closely observes whatever decisions are taken in india and asked mps to take a larger view of issues as they could have impact globally.
he pitched for free airing of views by mps on national issues irrespective of their party affiliations, in comments which came against the backdrop of some key reforms measures being stuck.
howsoever big an issue may be, usually we put our views on the basis of party's thinking and regional considerations.
that is also important.
but india has not attained a stature that the entire world closely observes our decisions, modi said while emphasising the need for parliamentarians to take a larger view of an issue.
modi, while inaugurating a workshop on the speaker's research initiative (sri) to train mps on various subjects of global importance, said both these aspects -- regional considerations and global dimension -- should be considered while taking decisions as these may have impact internationally.
today we cannot decide in isolation in a globalised world.
.
.
decisions need to be taken in the context of global situation.
suddenly, gold prices may fall or there may be a particular situation in greece.
we cannot say that 'it is happening somewhere else'.
we have to see the context and assess whether there is impact on us.
it is necessary to address our needs by combining these two aspects through the important medium of parliament.
whatever rules or laws we make should be on the basis of these two aspects, he said.
his comments assume significance as parliament is unable to function due to a deadlock over opposition demand for ouster of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over various controversies.
the inauguration function, where the prime minister pitched for free airing of views irrespective of party affiliations, was attended mostly by mps of bjp as also trinamool congress and some other parties.
from the main opposition, shashi tharoor was the lone mp to attend it.
modi, who was launching the speaker's research initiative (sri), emphasised the need for mps to approach issues with an open mind and not with a pre-conceived position.
referring to the programme initiated by lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan for providing support system to mps on various subjects, the prime minister said while such arrangement is useful, it alone will not help.
if we attend such programmes with pre-conceived notions, it will not be helpful.
.
.
.
we need to have ideas with an open mind.
.
.
.
we have to assume that we are starting from 'zero'.
.
.
if we go with an open mind and make an effort to understand an issue without any pre-conceived notion, then you start to see issues from a new perspective, he said.
he said that once an mp gets a proper background and understands importance in contemporary world, his confidence level of speaking on various issues will get a boost.
the new initiative should involve old mps, cutting across party lines, to know from them about their valued understanding of parliamentary processes and rules, modi said.
he said some mps have mastery over rules and procedures and in this context, he praised trinamool congress leader saugata roy, who was present.
only on the basis of information, one cannot make a valuable contribution to parliamentary procedures.
background knowledge is very essential, he said.
he noted that technology has made it easy to access information from google guru, unlike the situation decades back when getting information was very difficult.
because of the changed situation, mps also have the pressure to visit their constituencies every friday to be in touch with local population, which was not the case some 20-25 years back, the prime minister said.
talking about himself, modi said he had never thought that he would enter the field of politics nor planned and was focussing on work for the organisation.
but i had lot of interest in understanding public issues and would listen to public speakers for hours and see how they make lot of effort to talk on issues.
.
.
now i feel that people must be looking at us with the same expectation, he said.
it is easier to speak for hours but difficult to limit it in six minutes, he said, in an apparent reference to restrictions of time while speaking in parliament.
the speaker praised senior bjp leader l k advani, who was also present at the event, recounting how he had once guided her during her initial days as mp in accessing information about railways for participation in a debate on the subject.
the speaker said she had conceptualised the sri programme to empower mps with the required inputs as she had noted that the current lok sabha has over 300 new mps of which more than 70 are below 40 years of age.
she said that while interacting with the new mps, she was told that at times they do not speak on some issues due to difficulty of understanding the subject.
one mp referred to gst bill, saying he wanted to speak on it but was not confident because of lack of understanding, mahajan said.
i assured him that from now onwards, mps will get, not only note on the bills, but will also be provided with inputs from experts through the sri, she said.
the speaker said that the programme initially intends to work on those issues, which usually are seen as very complicated by some of the members like financial and fiscal issues, international trade and investment, technology related issues and matters related to health and nutritional security.
the sri would have three facets---expert-led presentation of factual details on specific issues, speaker's internship programme and speaker's fellowship programme, she said.
mahajan also said that the sri is trying to synergise both the programmes and revamp them in sync with the ever expanding ambit of research requirement of mps.
'relevant parties' should communicate over lakhvi issue: chinabeijing, june 25, 2015, pti: 20:54 istbreaking its silence after blocking india's move at the un for action against pakistan over mumbai attack mastermind zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi's release, beijing today said india, china and other relevant parties should communicate on terror-related issues taken up by the sanctions committee.
in a guarded reply over the issue to pti here, chinese foreign ministry said china is actively taking part in international cooperation against terrorism under the aegis of the un.
china opposes all forms of terrorism and supports the united nations to play a central coordinating role in international counter-terrorism cooperation, and actively participate in international cooperation against terrorism, the ministry said in an e-mail response to reports that china blocked india's move at un demanding action against pakistan for releasing lakhvi, operations commander of pakistan-based lashkar-e-taiba.
china and india, including all other relevant parties should maintain communication on the related issues in the un security council's committee formed in pursuant of resolution 1267 relating to terrorism, it said.
it's not clear if other relevant parties in the chinese response meant included pakistan.
early this month, chinese foreign ministry had declined to comment on allegations that beijing had put a technical hold on india's demand to unsc to take action against hizbul mujahudeen's chief syed salahuddin and lashkar-e-taiba leader hafeez sayed, citing the unsc resolution 1267.
the ministry was responding to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's comments in new delhi earlier that it has been conveyed to china that terrorism also concerns beijing and it should keep that in mind while voting at the unsc.
swaraj today raised the lakhvi issue with her chinese counterpart wang yi during her visit to nepal, saying it was at variance with progress in bilateral ties.
she told the wang that lakhvi was no ordinary terrorist as he masterminded the mumbai terror attack in which 166 people were killed.
a pakistani court had on april 9 set lakhvi free, a development which india said eroded the value of assurances repeatedly conveyed to it by pakistan on cross-border terrorism.
pak's top generals say no compromise will be made on jadhavislamabad, apr 13, 2017, (pti) 18:26 istindian national kulbushan jadhav.
pti file photopakistan's top military generals today decided not to make any compromise on the death sentence given to indian national kulbushan jadhav on spying charges, notwithstanding india's stern warning that his hanging will have serious consequences on the bilateral ties.
the decision was made at a corps commanders meeting presided over by army chief general qamar bajwa at the general headquarters in rawalpindi, the military's media wing inter- services public relations (ispr) said in a statement.
the generals were briefed about jadhav and it was concluded that no compromise shall be made on such anti-state acts, the statement said.
the death sentence to jadhav, 46, was confirmed by army chief gen bajwa after the field general court martial found him guilty of espionage and sabotage activities in pakistan.
pakistan claims its security forces had arrested jadhav from the restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
it also claimed that he was a serving officer in the indian navy.
the pakistan army had also released a confessional video of jadhav after his arrest.
india had acknowledged that jadhav had served with the navy but denied that he has any connection with the government.
the incident is expected to further deteriorate already strained indo-pak ties which were hit after deadly attacks in pathankot and uri by pakistan-based terrorists last year.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned that jadhav's execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
the top pakistani military officials also reviewed the national security environment and recent developments in the region at the 201st conference of corps commanders.
they discussed the progress of nationwide operation 'radd-ul-fasaad' and provision of support to ongoing national housing and population census, the statement said.
gen bajwa lauded the efforts of intelligence agencies and other law enforcers towards the successful execution of counter-terrorism operations across the country, it added.
prez warns against deviation from constitutional principlesnew delhi, feb 11, 2015 (pti) 17:03 istpresident pranab mukherjee today warned that any deviation from the constitutional principles and provisions would weaken the democratic fabric of the country and jeopardise social, economic and political well being of citizens.
in his opening remark at the 46th governors conference here, the president said constitution was the only guiding document for providing framework for governance and asked governors to ensure peace and communal harmony.
every indian looks forward to the constitution as the guarantor of liberties, freedom and equality.
any deviation from the principles and provisions embodied in the constitution would weaken the democratic fabric of the country and jeopardise the social, economic and political well-being of our citizens, he said.
the president said the governors and lt.
governors have the primary responsibility to ensure that the affairs of the states and union territories are conducted strictly in accordance with the letter and spirit of this hallowed document.
prevalence of peace and communal harmony must be ensured, he said at the inauguration of the two-day conference which was attended by prime minister narendra modi and other cabinet ministers.
dwelling upon international relations, the president said india follows a policy of maintaining peaceful relations with all countries and all disputes, relating to our border areas or otherwise, should be resolved through peaceful means.
on the economic front, he said india is projected to have the largest workforce in the world by 2025, with a surplus of 47 million workers against a shortage of 56.
5 million skilled workers in the world.
this demographic dividend is a double-edged sword.
if their huge potential is tapped, they could become a powerful engine for growth.
on the other hand, if we fail to do so, it could create social tension, he warned.
he said the youth could become creators, innovators, builders and leaders of the future if they get proper education.
we must capitalise our advantage and enhance the employability of our youth through skilling, re-skilling and up-skilling, he said.
the president said skill development is also important for the success of the 'make-in-india' campaign aimed at facilitating investment, fostering innovation and making india a world-class manufacturing hub.
he expressed hope that the ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship will evolve an appropriate skill development framework, remove the demand-supply disconnect for skilled manpower, promote public-private partnerships and expand youth entrepreneurship education.
the president requested governors and lt governors to use every opportunity to promote these initiatives as well as to play a persuasive role in the implementation of jan dhan yojana.
mukherjee said the development of north-east is a priority area where much needs to be done for infrastructure development and to harness its tourism potential.
ethnic violence in assam needs to be countered effectively, especially the sinister motives to drive a wedge between bodo and non-bodo sections.
the genuine aspirations of the bodo people in terms of development must be addressed expeditiously.
under no circumstances can the spread of ethnic hatred be tolerated, he said.
besides the prime minister, governors and lt governors, the conference saw participation of union minister which included rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
the president said over sixty percent of rural population does not have access to or use sanitation facilities.
we must reverse this position by addressing problem areas like affordability and mindset through innovative solutions.
to deliver benefits effectively, the states and union territories should establish suitable administrative mechanisms to take swachh bharat mission down to every village or ward.
the governors and lt.
governors must use their persuasive skills and contribute to the achievement of this laudable objective, he said.
speaking on issues relating to fifth schedule of the constitution, the president called upon governors and lt.
governors to closely monitor development programmes in these areas for effective targeting, with special focus on quality of education and health.
he said autonomous councils/autonomous district councils (adcs), set up under the sixth schedule to the constitution in assam, meghalaya, mizoram and tripura, enjoy legislative, executive, financial and judicial powers.
governors of these states have a pivotal role to play in the administration of these areas.
village and municipal councils must be set up and elections conducted for decentralisation of power, he said.
a statement from the president's press office said he was happy to learn that the government is proposing to amend the sixth schedule to strengthen the democratic process in these areas.
there is also need to devolve more developmental funds to these areas.
laws prevailing in them also need to be codified, he said.
the statement said the agenda for the two-day conference of governors includes internal and external security with special focus on border states, financial inclusion, employment generation and achieving the goal of swachh bharat by 2019 on mahatma gandhi's 150th birth anniversary.
intl donors pledge usd 4.
4 bn to rebuild quake-hit nepalkathmandu, june 25, 2015, pti: 21:11 istled by india and china, global donors today pledged nearly usd 4.
4 billion aid to quake-hit nepal for the country's massive reconstruction efforts and to revive its economy, with the nepalese prime minister vowing zero-tolerance to corruption in disbursing the relief money.
the international conference on nepal's reconstruction (icnr) - 2015 concluded today with pledges from donor nations and multilateral agencies of around usd 4.
4 billion, finance minister ramsharan mahat said at a press meet here.
nepal's closest neighbours india and china made substantial commitments, which is very encouraging and overwhelming, mahat said.
at the day-long conference, india announced the largest aid of usd 1 billion.
pledging the aid, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted that india will strongly stand behind nepal seeking to wipe the tears of every nepali.
she said a quarter of the billion-dollar aid will be a grant and it will be over and above india's existing bilateral developmental assistance of another usd 1 billion over the next 5 years, which takes the total amount to usd 2 billion.
at the conference, china pledged usd 500 million to help the country rebuild after the quake.
chinese foreign minister wang yi offered a concessional loan from silk road fund to nepal's reconstruction efforts.
china will offer training to 1,500 nepalis over the next year.
china has also made a commitment to provide another usd 277 million as grant to nepal from an earlier commitment.
japan announced an assistance of usd 260 million.
japan will help in rebuilding 7,000 quake-proof schools in collaboration with asian development bank, japanese state minister for foreign affairs minoru kiuchi said.
nepal also received additional pledges of usd 600 million from the asian development bank, usd 130 million from the us, usd 100 million from the eu as well as an earlier announcement of up to usd 500 million from the world bank.
nepal has said it needs around usd 6.
7 billion to recover from the disaster, the worst in eight deacdes.
earlier, opening the international donors conference, prime minister sushil koirala, pledged to ensure complete transparency in the massive reconstruction efforts, seeking to allay international donors' fears over corruption.
i assure you that we will leave no stone unturned in ensuring that your support reaches the intended beneficiaries, he said.
we are committed to ensure that transparency remains at the core of the reconstruction effort, said koirala.
i assure you my government will have zero-tolerance towards corruption, he said.
the powerful earthquake on april 25 and a strong aftershock on may 12 killed nearly 9,000 people, injured 23,000 people and damaged more than 500,000 buildings leaving hundreds of thousands of people jobless.
us-iran nuke deal bad, says israel envoybengaluru, august 28, 2015, dhns: 0:50 istisraels ambassador to india, daniel carmon said on thursday that the us-iran nuclear deal is not a good agreement while expressing concerns over the issue.
responding to a question, carmon said that the iranian policy of destabilisation and promoting terrorism is a worry for israel.
the imminent nuclear deal between the us and iran is not a good agreement, but could have been better if iran ensured that it does not continue its policy of destabilisation and promotion of terrorism in the region.
i would not be the first to tell you that we don't like the agreement.
we thought a better agreement could be reached in a way that would make sure that iran does not continue or does not use or does not misuse what it is already doing in the area, specially in field of destabilisation of the area and promoting terrorism, he said after inaugurating the new premises of the consulate general of israel in the city.
responding to a query on how israel sees india and iran economic ties, carmon said india understands the complexity of the iranian policy of destabilisation, promotion of terrorism and developing military nuclear capability.
asked about the update on lifting of ban on the israeli military industries in india, carmon hoped that it will be cleared soon and it does not affect the relations between the defence establishments of both countries.
he said that the ban is like only a drop in something much bigger (referring to india and israels close ties).
asked to comment on indias stand on palestinian cause, carmon reiterated external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs comments that india has a commitment to palestine cause and has good relations with israel.
on the proposed first-ever visit by president pranab mukherjee to israel, camron said it will be a historic event.
even though the visit is yet to be officially announced, we are working on the details of the visit.
we are very excited and looking forward to it, he said.
new delhi: july 4, 2015, dhns: 2:13 istafter shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhara raje, the congress on saturday trained its guns on chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh, claiming to have fresh proof linking him to the rs 36,000-crore rice scam in the state.
renewing its attack on singh, the main opposition demanded a supreme court-monitored probe into the scam, from which singhs wife veena and sister-in-law renuka reportedly benefited.
in the garb of providing rice at re 1 per kg under pds, raman singh created a well-oiled corruption machine in connivance with rice mill owners, pds shop owners and public officials to earn thousands of crores as kickbacks and commission, aicc spokesman ajay maken, with chhattisgarh congress chief bhupesh baghel, told reporters here.
the renewed attack on singh is part of the congress' strategy to highlight allegations on corruption in bjp-ruled states such as rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh.
this is being seen as an attempt by the congress to puncture prime minister narendra modis claim of zero tolerance towards corruption.
maken said there were similar instances of corruption in the procurement of other commodities like salt, gram, kerosene and wheat through the state civil supplies corporation.
magnitude of the scamhe said the scam's magnitude could be gauged from the fact that during the past 11 years of bjp rule in chhattisgarh, the amount spent by the public exchequer on procurement of paddy, as also procurement and supply of various pds items through the state civil supplies corporation comes to rs 1.
5 lakh crore approximately.
the faction-ridden congress has been out of power in chhattisgarh and madhya pradesh for nearly 12 years, and is making great efforts for a comeback.
in the past few weeks, the congress has levelled allegations of impropriety against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje for helping former ipl ex-chief lalit modi procure travel documents in the uk.
chouhan is under fire from the congress for reported irregularities in recruitment in the mp government for various professional posts  widely known as the vyapam scam.
india and other members of the brics grouping have said they oppose the new wave of protectionism and the systematic impact of unilateral measures that are incompatible with wto rules, apparently referring to us president donald trump's tough trade policies.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is on a five-day trip to south africa, attended the brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers' meeting here yesterday.
after the meeting, the foreign affairs ministers of brics nations reiterated their commitment to multilateralism and a rules-based international order and reaffirmed the centrality of the un, the wto and international law.
the ministers pledged their support to efforts towards making global governance more representative with greater participation of emerging markets and developing countries in global decision making.
the ministers emphasised the importance of an open and inclusive world economy enabling all countries and peoples to share the benefits of globalisation, a statement released after the meeting said.
they underlined their firm commitment to free trade, and the centrality of a rules-based, transparent, non-discriminatory, multilateral trading system as embodied in the world trade organisation (wto), the statement said.
they opposed the new wave of protectionism and the systematic impact of unilateral measures that are incompatible with wto rules, undermine global trade and economic growth.
they reiterated that the wto dispute settlement system is a cornerstone of the multilateral trading system (mts) as it is designed to enhance security and predictability in international trade, the statement said.
the statement came as trump imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from top us trading partners, including canada, mexico and the european union.
he has threatened tariffs on up to usd 200 billion in chinese imports, raising the potential of a trade war.
the brics ministers reaffirmed their resolve to foster a global economic governance architecture that is more effective and reflective of the current global economic landscape, increasing the voice and representation of emerging markets and developing economies, it said.
they reaffirmed their commitment to conclude the international monetary fund's 15th general review of quotas, including a new quota formula, by the 2019 spring meetings.
the emerging counties, like india, china, brazil and russia, has been asking for increased voting rights in imf, which would reflect their growing share in the world economy.
they also deplored the continued terrorist attacks, including in some brics countries.
they condemned terrorism in all its forms and manifestations wherever committed and by whomsoever.
they urged concerted efforts to counter terrorism under the un auspices on a firm international legal basis, and expressed their conviction that a comprehensive approach was necessary to ensure effective fight against terrorism, the statement said.
they recalled the responsibility of all states to prevent financing of terrorist networks and terrorist actions from their territories, it said.
they expressed concern over the ongoing conflict and heightened tensions in the middle-east region, especially with regard to the israeli-palestinian situation.
india will go to any extent to get justice for jadhav: rajnathnew delhi, apr 13, 2017, (press trust of india) 20:20 istunion home minister rajnath singh.
pti file photounion home minister rajnath singh today reiterated that india will go to any extent to ensure justice for former navy officer kulbhushan jadhav.
he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already made the country's stand clear in this regard and that whatever he had said in parliament in this regard few days back remains unchanged.
we will go to any extent to ensure justice to kulbhushan jadhav, he said on the sidelines of a cisf event here.
46-year-old jadhav has been awarded death sentence by a pakistani military court on charges of alleged espionage and sabotage activities.
on the emergence of a video from kashmir where locals are seen attacking crpf personnel, singh said it is being looked into.
india's lethal race problemniha masih, international new york times, apr 27 2017, 23:50 istthe government's recurrent denials of racism echo the social acceptance of prejudice.
dark tales: the incidents of racist attacks have increased as a greater number of african students come to india.
most of them are enrolled in private universities that conduct aggressive recruitment drives in african countries, where educational infrastructure is strained.
last month, manish khari, a high school student from greater noida, a suburb of new delhi, failed to return home after an evening walk.
some neighbours of khari claimed to have seen him with five nigerian students living in the area.
an irate crowd barged into the nigerian students apartment but didnt find the missing boy.
his family and locals accused the nigerian students of cannibalism.
the police arrested the five nigerian students, but let them off for lack of evidence.
khari returned home quite unwell and died soon after, seemingly from a drug overdose.
greater noida symbolises the post-liberalisation india of aspiration, the india of new money, tower blocks, corporate offices, private universities and shopping malls.
the veneer of modernity barely conceals regressive and racist social attitudes.
two days later, a vigil was held for the deceased boy at a traffic circle in greater noida.
endurance amalawa and precious amalawa, brothers from nigeria who are getting undergraduate degrees at a university in the area, were heading home after dinner at a restaurant at a nearby mall.
the mourners at the vigil saw the amalawas.
being african was crime enough: a gruesome video shows how endurance amalawa was kicked, thrashed with sticks and bludgeoned with waste bins.
prejudice against darker skin is deeply embedded in indian society.
when i was a child, my grandmother would scrub me with a homemade fairness paste because i was not as light-skinned as my cousins.
skin-whitening products have replaced grandmothers paste, and their sales have risen to $460 million.
fair & lovely, the market leader in fairness creams, has annual sales worth more than $310 million.
africans in india live with racism every day.
slurs such as monkey and kalu (blackie) are liberally thrown at them, they are often asked whether they eat human beings, they are turned away from clubs and overcharged for public transport.
african men are perceived to be drug dealers, and women are seen as prostitutes.
the incidents of racist attacks have increased as a greater number of african students come to the country.
according to the ministry of human resource development, there were 11,442 african students in the country in 2015, half of them from nigeria and sudan.
most of them are enrolled in new, privately run universities that conduct aggressive recruitment drives in various african countries, where educational infrastructure is strained.
african students end up renting apartments in the vicinity of their universities in lower-middle-class and middle-class neighbourhoods.
racial prejudice makes it harder for them to rent.
they are charged higher rents.
landlords and neighbours view them with suspicion.
this friction has increasingly led to violence.
last week i visited michel kyungu kitanda, a 27-year-old congolese man who works as a translator for africans visiting india for medical treatment.
i wanted to speak to him about his brother, olivier kitanda.
in may 2016, kitanda, a french-language teacher, was beaten to death by three men on a street in south delhi after a dispute over hiring an auto rickshaw.
the accused had hurled racial slurs at him and beat him with stones.
he died in a hospital.
i had been interviewing michel kitanda barely for 10 minutes in his apartment when the landlady banged on his door and asked me to leave.
my presence in his apartment wasnt proper.
with barely concealed spite she insisted that i conduct the interview in an office space downstairs.
the spate of racist attacks on african visitors belies a better, older relationship between africans and indians.
you gave us gandhi; we gave you the mahatma, nelson mandela famously said.
it was indeed in south africa that mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer, overcame his initial racial prejudices against africans and emerged as a crusader against apartheid before becoming the saintly and beloved figurehead of indias independence movement.
india was a major supporter of anti-colonial struggles in africa.
indian diasporas grew across africa, students and scholars from africa routinely visited and lived in india.
in the 1960s, a young somalian student rejected an american scholarship and chose to study at panjab university in chandigarh.
he wrote his first novel on that campus.
he was nuruddin farah, the great novelist.
india and africa are related in many different ways, which neither of them understand properly, farah told an indian magazine.
we are more entwined and in tune with each other.
limited patienceindia has changed.
an assertive and increasingly nationalistic indian state has limited patience for the solidarities of the past.
the very suggestion of racial intolerance draws a prickly response.
after the assault on amalawa, african diplomats in india described the attack as xenophobic and racial in nature.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj responded by calling that response unfortunate.
swaraj insisted that the incident couldnt be described as racist until the police investigation was complete.
a year earlier, after the killing of kitanda, the congolese teacher in delhi, swaraj had also denied the racial aspect of the murder.
she had posted on twitter, i would like to assure african students in india that this (sic) an unfortunate and painful incident involving local goons.
the governments recurrent denials of racism echo the social acceptance of prejudice.
often racism and violence against africans is explained away by resorting to stereotypes of criminality among africans living in india.
i spoke to vinod singh, a government schoolteacher living in greater noida.
his son is one of the boys arrested for assaulting amalawa at the mall.
singh defended his son, describing him as an onlooker, and proceeded to speak about the africans in his neighbourhood: who are the drug suppliers?
everyone knows what the nigerians are up to.
they roam around drunk at 2 am.
they switch colleges when they fail.
there are some whose visas have expired.
as an afterthought, he added, there are some who are good too.
african students feel insulted by indian disavowal of racism.
there have been debates in the press, but there has been no public solidarity.
ashis nandy, indias foremost political sociologist, puts this down to a changing political and social mood.
once you get into the game of disliking communities, cultures and civilisations, once you start thinking of yourself as a besieged majority, a majority acting like a cornered minority, you have laid the basis of a racist society, he said.
bjp board meet imminentnew delhi, july 6, 2012, dhns: 2:00 istthe bjp parliamentary board, the highest decision making body of the party, is likely to meet either on saturday or sunday to discuss leadership change in karnataka.
the party has almost made up its mind to replace d v sadananda gowda with rural development minister jagadish shettar as chief minister.
shettar is a lingayat leader whose candidature has been strongly pushed by the b s yeddyurappa camp.
the parliamentary board has to approve the leadership change.
almost a year ago, the parliamentary board had made sadananda gowda chief minister in place of yeddyurappa, who had to quit following the submission of a lokayukta report on illegal mining in the state.
yeddyurappa, who has been embroiled in several corruption charges, had then successfully managed to get more votes for sadananda gowda than shettar in the legislative party.
but now yeddyurappa has been insisting on gowdas removal and installation of a leader of his choice before the state goes to the polls in the next few months.
bjp national president nitin gadkari along with sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the oppositionin the lok sabha, met party supremo l k advani on friday night to convince him about the need for the leadership change in the state.
advani is understood to be against the appointment of yeddyurappa or his nominee as the chief minister.
efforts are still on to win over advani.
gadkari is the chairman of the 12-member board and ananth kumar its secretary.
as the party is under pressure from the yeddyurappa camp to replace gowda at the earliest, the board will meet and discuss the issue.
however, the decision of the panel will be announced at the state legislative party meeting to be held in bangalore on monday or tuesday.
after the board ratifies the decision, gadkari and leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arun jaitley, party leader in charge of karnataka affairs dharmendra pradhan and ananth kumar will meet leaders of different factions in bangalore.
after meeting all factional leaders in bangalore, the central leadership will decide whether to create the post of deputy chief minister.
response to unprovoked pak firing will be 'forceful': indianew delhi, jul 16, 2015, (pti) 19:00 istamid heightened tension along their border resulting in casualties on both sides, india today warned pakistan of effective and forceful response to unprovoked firing and cross-border terrorism.
india's blunt message followed a series of ceasefire violations along the loc in jammu and kashmir by pakistan which resorted to mortar shelling of indian areas over the past two days.
india responded in kind and both sides said they had suffered casualties.
there has been a flurry of conversations involving india's national security advisor ajit doval, foreign secretary s jaishankar and pakistan high commissioner abdul basit and his indian counterpart in islamabad tca raghavan since yesterday morning in order to address the situation which has arisen only days after the prime ministers of the two countries had agreed in russia to resume engagement between the two countries.
jaishankar was addressing reporters after a high-level meeting called by home minister rajnath singh with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister manohar parrikar to review the situation on the border.
the meet was also attended by doval and the foreign secretary.
asserting that india remained committed to steps that contribute to ensuring peace and tranquillity on the border, jaishankar said, however, there should be no doubt that any unprovoked firing from the pakistani side would meet with an effective and forceful response from our forces.
nor we will let down our guard against infiltration and cross-border terrorism.
asked if india will go ahead with its engagement as was decided in ufa, russia, he said,i think my statement made it very clear.
if the intention or the inclination is to strengthen peace and tranquillity on the border and do the meetings that we have agreed to do, we remain committed to that.
if on the other hand there is unprovoked firing and there is infiltration and cross-border terrorism then, obviously the situation is different.
so that choice is not ours.
observing that nature of unprovoked firing by pakistan was serious, the foreign secretary said, therefore, there were series of consultations between the officials of the two sides.
the national security advisor spoke to the pakistan envoy twice yesterday and once today.
i also spoke to basit on the border situation, he said.
accusing pakistan of shifting the blame to india for the ceasefire violations, he said there was no response from pakistan to address the situation.
india's response came amid a blame game between the two countries over shooting down of an alleged spy drone and ceasefire violation at the line of control (loc) in which one indian woman and nearly 10 others were injured in akhnoor sector of jammu.
pakistan has claimed that four of their nationals have been killed in the ceasefire violations by india.
rejecting pakistan's allegation that an indian spy drone entered their air space in violation of international law, jaishankar said picture of drone in question shows it's not of indian design or available in indian armed forces' inventory.
it appears to be a chinese design which is available off the shelf, the foreign secretary said.
he also countered pakistan government's charge over heli manoeuvres by india near loc on july 11 2015 as an offensive and threatening posture.
in so far as the allegation of the helicopter manoeuvres is concerned, this has already been taken up and settled through an exchange of hotline messages between local formation commanders at teetwal on july 12-13.
the helicopter flight was in connection with the counter-terrorism operation in which three terrorists were neutralised.
the pakistani side raised the issue of our helicopter flight and we had clarified that it was well within the mutually accepted distances from the loc in india.
that the pakistani government four days later is raising a controversy on a settled issue speaks for itself, he said.
asked whether india will go ahead with nsa-level talks as was decided by prime minister narendra modi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif in ufa despite the current tension or it will be postponed, the foreign secretary did not give a direct answer.
the (dates) for the talks have not been decided so far.
.
.
therefore, the question of postponing it does not arise, he said, adding only thing which was agreed upon was that they will meet in delhi.
about the meeting between the dgmos of two countries, he said,what will happen in next few days, i really do not want to predict.
he also refused to give india's assessment on as to why pakistan was indulging in ceasefire violations, within days of a good meeting between modi and sharif.
on today's high-level meeting, he said it was to review india's response in past two days to handle the situation along the loc with pakistan.
new dates for nsa-level talks likelynew delhi, dec 4, 2015, dhns: 0:42 istindia and pakistan may announce new dates for the talks between their prime ministers national security advisors, if external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj travels to islamabad to attend a conclave on afghanistan next week and has a brief and informal courtesy meeting with her counterpart, sartaj aziz, on the sideline.
the proposal of swarajs visit to islamabad to attend the heart of asia conclave on afghanistan and a bilateral meeting with aziz are among the elements of prime minister narendra modis latest offer to his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif to end the impasse in diplomatic engagement between the two neighbours, officials told deccan herald on thursday.
modi put forward his offer to sharif when they had a brief chat on the sideline of the cop 21 climate change summit hosted by united nations in paris last monday.
sharif, according to the sources, did not immediately respond to the proposal, but told modi that he would get back after holding internal consultations.
new delhi is likely to take a final call on the external affairs ministers visit to pakistan only after factoring in the response from islamabad.
modi and sharif had met at ufa in russia on july 10 last and agreed on a roadmap of engagements, commencing with a meeting between the nsas of the two prime ministers.
aziz, who was also sharifs nsa then, was expected to meet his counterpart and modis nsa ajit doval in new delhi on august 24.
new delhi, dec 11, 2015, (pti): 10:51 istexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today will make a statement in parliament on the recent developments in india pakistan relations.
responding to a notice of adjournment motion by saugata roy (trinamool congress) on the issue, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said swaraj will make a statement in the house and the government is also willing for a discussion.
he said usually there is no discussion after a statement but the external affairs minister is willing for a debate on the issue.
several developments have taken place in between.
i spoke with the minister (who was in islamabad yesterday) and she will make a statement.
.
.
we are willing for a discussion, he said apparently responding to roy's notice on the meeting between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif in paris during climate change talks.
india and pakistan yesterday agreed to start a comprehensive bilateral dialogue as swaraj confirmed that prime minister modi will visit islamabad next year to attend the saarc summit.
vasundhara dials amit shah, explains her positionnew delhi, jun 17, 2015, (pti) 20:50 istwith her name figuring in 'lalit modigate' row, embattled rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje today called up bjp president amit shah and explained her position after former ipl chairman lalit modi claimed she had supported his immigration plea in britain.
sources said raje discussed with shah the claims made by lalit modi and told the party chief that she did share family ties with the former ipl boss but there is no wrongdoing on her part.
party sources said raje has sought to explain her ties between the two families and her friendship with modi's wife but the documents being circulated in the media are unverified and unsigned.
sources said that raje is in close touch with the party ever since documents suggesting that raje had helped scam-tainted modi's imigration in the uk by giving a written statement.
she has however, maintained that she has no knowledge of the documents being shown by the media.
raje had distanced herself from the document purportedly showing her backing former ipl chief's immigration plea in britain.
of course i know the family.
i have always known them.
.
.
(but) i do not know what documents they are talking about, she has said.
congress has meanwhile demanded her imediate resignation along with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying they have no right to continue in office after helping the former ipc chairman facing money laundering and other charges.
bjp chief amit shah, besides home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley have already come out in support of swaraj, saying she has only acted out of 'humanitarian' reasons to help modi with his travel documents to take care of his ailing wife.
stepping up its offensive on 'lalitgate', congress demanded the immediate sacking of swaraj and raje and questioned the conspiratorial silence of prime minister narendra modi.
the party also announced plans for an agitation in rajasthan from tomorrow demanding resignation of raje, holding her and swaraj guilty of gross constitutional impropriety and blatant misuse of office.
party's chief spokesperson randeep surjewala told reporters that the bjp leadership, instead of defending the indefensible needed to sack both of them without delay.
swaraj and raje are guilty of violation of various penal codes of crpc, surjewala claimed adding that the party would follow all options in the case.
he was asked whether the party would take legal recourse.
there is a clear-cut culpability on part of swaraj and raje under sections 107, 120-b, 166a, 172,173,177,217 of the indian penal code.
raje also needs to be prima facie investigated for offences under prevension of corruption act, he said.
targetting prime minister narendra modi, he said that the pm has a conspiratorial silence, which can only come from a person who is guilty himself or who has something to hide.
in chennai, former finance minister p chidambaram rejected allegations of vendetta levelled against him and the upa and demanded that the government should ensure that lalit modi returns to india to face the probe by enforcement directorate on various charges, including money laundering.
he said swaraj's action in helping lalit modi get travel documents from the uk was in violation of rules and a case of favouritism shown to someone she knew.
he also demanded as to who decided not to appeal against the delhi high court decision to restore the passport of modi last year as normally a reversing decision is always challenged in a higher court.
the congress leader wanted the government to release the letters exchanged between him as finance minister and the chancellor of exchequer george osborne in which he had urged for sending modi back to india since he was facing criminal charges here.
month-long winter session to commence on november 24new delhi, oct 27, 2014, (pti) 14:28 istwinter session of parliament will start from november 24 and conclude on december 23 during which a heavy legislative agenda is on the cards.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs headed by home minister rajnath singh today recommended the dates to the president.
the month-long session will have a total of 22 sittings in which four days have been earmarked for private members' business.
a total of 67 bills -- 59 in rajya sabha and eight in lok sabha -- are pending and the government will push for passage of at least 30 to 35 legislations, a senior minister said.
this will be the second major session since the narendra modi government took over in may.
the long wait for finalisation of seating arrangement in lok sabha is expected to be over before the session commences, almost six months after the constitution of the new house.
we expect the arrangement to be in place before the winter session, said an official at parliament over the exercise which has dragged on after the declaration of the results of the 16th lok sabha polls on may 16.
average number of sittings in the past five winter sessions has been 22 and the dates were decided based on precedents, source said.
finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, law minister ravi shankar prasad, chemicals and fertilisers minister anant kumar and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu are members of the committee.
hrd minister smriti irani and ministers of state for parliamentary affairs prakash javadekar and santosh gangwar are special invitees to the committee.
sushma swaraj most followed foreign minister on twitternew delhi, dec 4, 2014, pti: 20:17 istwhile prime minister narendra modi remains the third most-followed world leader on twitter, sushmaswaraj swaraj had grabbed the top slot among all foreign ministers active on the micro-blogging platform.
india's @sushmaswaraj is the most followed foreign minister with 1,737,804 followers, ahead of foreign minister of the united arab emirates @abzayed (1,380,574 followers) and venezuelas @jauamiranda (758,198 followers), twitter said.
while the ranking is based on numbers till november-end, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who joined the social platform in november 2010, now has about 19 lakh followers.
modi ranks third in the most followed world leaders globally with 83.
9 lakh followers, after us president barack obama and the pope.
modi still has a way to go to best us president @barackobama, who tops the world-leader list with a colossal 49.
1 million followers and pope francis (@pontifex) with 16 million followers on his nine different language accounts, twitter said.
the popular social networking site added that modi's meteoric rise shows that leaders of the most populous countries have a clear advantage in garnering a large army of dedicated followers.
the number of followers of a country's leader has even become a question of national pride, it added.
twitter said more than half of the world's foreign ministers and their institutions are active on the social networking site.
twitter has become an indispensable diplomatic networking and communication tool.
as of november 4, 2014, the vast majority (83 per cent) of the 193 un member countries have a presence on twitter, it said.
the twiplomacy study 2014 found that the vast majority (83 per cent) of the 193 un member countries have a presence on twitter.
more than two-thirds (67 per cent) of all heads of state and heads of government in have personal accounts on the social network.
however, the twitter craze is not evenly spread around the globe, it said.
as of november 4, all world leaders combined have sent 2,201,823 tweets posting on average four tweets each day and spanish emerged as the most tweeted language.
conducted by global communications firm burson-marsteller, the report identified 651 twitter accounts of heads of state and government, foreign ministers and their institutions in 161 countries worldwide.
swamy says pmk should also quit nda-alliancechennai, dec 9, 2014, (pti) 13:59 ista day after mdmk walked out of the nda alliance in tamil nadu, senior bjp leader subramanian swamy today suggested that another partner, pmk, which has been critical of the narendra modi government, should also leave the combine.
swamy, who had earlier targeted mdmk chief vaiko for flaying the government despite being in the alliance, accused pmk of being pro-ltte and wrote on twitter that pmk (founder s) ramadoss should also depart from nda.
.
.
both swamy and another bjp leader h raja had been critical of vaiko's comments against nda on issues such as the lankan tamils issue and move to promote sanskrit and hindi and had asked him to leave the alliance.
ramadoss has been critical of bjp-led government even backing vaiko in the swamy-raja episode, and had yesterday opposed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's push for making the bhagwad gita as a national scripture.
vaiko quit the alliance charging the narendra modi-led bjp government with betraying tamil people by working with sri lankan government and pushing hindutva agenda in tamil nadu.
bjp, however, remained unfazed rejecting the party's contention that the centre was acting against the interest of tamils and signaled that it would not like any of its partners oppose the government.
indian envoy to belgium told to extend helpnew delhi, jul 31, 2016, dhns 2:04 istthe prime ministers office on saturday instructed the indian ambassador to belgium to provide all assistance to siddaramaiah, in bringing back his sons body to india.
soon after receiving the information about the demise of rakesh in brussels, the pmo instructed manjeev singh puri, ambassador of india to belgium, luxembourg and the european union, to provide all assistance to siddaramaiah and his family to complete the formalities at the earliest, so that the body can be taken to mysuru.
soon after rakesh was hospitalised, siddaramaiah had spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking her assistance in getting the best treatment for his son in belgium.
when siddaramaiah reached brussels, puri received him at the airport and accompanied him to the hospital.
sources said sushmaswaraj was in touch with the ambassador and received updates about rakeshs health condition.
gandhinagar, jan 10, 2015, dhns: 0:45 istwith the two-day pravasi bharatiya divas (pbd) coming to an end, prime minister narendra modis government on friday claimed that it was the most successful among all the 13 annual conclaves of expatriates held so far since 2003.
the pbd 2015 saw over 4,000 expats from around the world assembling at the mahatma mandir at the capital of gujarat and the government said that such an overwhelming response from indian diaspora had never been seen in any of the earlier conclaves.
the annual congregation came to its end with vice-president m hamid ansari presenting this years pravasi bharatiya samman award to 15 distinguished expat indians, including indian-origin president of guyana, donald ramotar.
microsoft chief executive officer satya nadella was also among the awardees, although he was not present to personally receive the award.
noting that india at present is on the cusp of change and in the process of actualizing expectations of its vast population for a better life, ansari called upon overseas indians to play a role in the transformation.
they (overseas indians) have knowledge and resources to reinforce the effort in niche areas; they also have the experience of other lands where similar efforts were pursued successfully.
we welcome such initiatives, which will replicate these valuable experiences here and save us from reinventing the wheel, he said.
the government pulled out all the stops to make the pbd a huge success, not only because it was the first such conclave after the new government led by bharatiya janata party took over in the centre, but also because it was being held at the home state of modi, who  after taking over as prime minister  made it a point to step up new delhis engagements with indian diaspora.
the ministry of overseas indian affairs is primarily responsible to hold the annual conclave of the overseas indians.
sushma swaraj, who holds overseas indian and external affairs portfolios, however, left no stone unturned and deputed officials of her both ministries to make it a grand success this year.
she, herself, travelled to gandhinagar days before the pbd started on january 7 to oversee arrangements.
new delhi, oct 26, 2015, pti: 11:53 istnearly 15 years after she accidentally crossed over to pakistan, geeta, a deaf-mute girl whose story has touched people on both sides of the border, returned here today.
pakistan international airlines flight pk 272 carrying 23-year-old geeta from karachi landed at the indira gandhi international airport at around 1030 hours where she was given a warm welcome.
dressed in a white-red salwar suit and her head covered with dupatta, she waved to the waiting people.
she was reportedly just 7 or 8 years old when she was found sitting alone on the samjhauta express by the pakistan rangers 15 years ago at the lahore railway station.
she was adopted by the edhi foundation's bilquees edhi and lived with her in karachi.
bilquis and her grandchildren, saba and saad edhi, are accompanying geeta.
her story came to light after the release of salman khan starrer 'bajrangi bhaijaan' in which the hero unites a girl separated from her pakistani mother who was visiting india.
indian high commissioner to pakistan, t c a raghavan, and his wife had visited geeta in august after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj directed him to meet her and try to locate her family.
before boarding the pia flight from karachi, a beaming geeta thanked the pakistani people for taking care of her.
faisal edhi of the edhi foundation told reporters in karachi that they would continue to stay in touch with geeta through social media and even visit her.
she is not really separating from us, he said.
sources had earlier said that geeta has identified her father, step-mother and siblings from a photograph sent to her by the indian high commission in islamabad.
the family reportedly lives in bihar.
the ministry had said geeta would return to the country as she is india's daughter, irrespective of whether her family is traced or not.
will allow house proceedings only if sushmaswaraj reveals money trail: rahulnew delhi: august 11, 2015, dhns 0:54 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday declared that parliament would function only after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj disclosed the monetary benefits her family received from former ipl boss lalit modi.
rahuls remark came after samajwadi party chief mulayam singh yadavs aborted attempts to turn peacemaker between the congress and the government.
prime minister narendra modis praise of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan at a rally in gaya further riled the congress.
we also agree that parliament must function.
but, we have raised a basic issue.
we have said, and i have said it three times, sushmaswaraj swarajji, the chief minister of rajasthan and the chief minister of madhya pradesh have carried out in some cases of illegal acts.
in madhya pradesh, there are murders happening and our prime minister does not feel it necessary to comment on them, rahul said outside parliament.
the congress vice-president also said he has asked a specific question to swaraj that there are financial transfers that have taken place between lalit modi and her family.
no modi-sharif meet scheduled in astana: meadh news service, new delhi, jun 6 2017, 1:25 istpms will attend shanghai summit in kazakhstanno meeting has been scheduled between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart m nawaz sharif in astana this week.
she said that neither india, nor pakistan had so far proposed a bilateral meeting on the sideline of the sco summit.
modi and sharif had a bilateral meeting on the sideline of the sco summit at ufa in russia in july 2015.
though modi attended the summit of the bloc in june 2016, sharif did not and president mamnoon hussain represented pakistan.
sushma was addressing a press conference to highlight the achievements of the modi government in managing the foreign relations of the country in the past three years since it had taken office in may 2014.
no flip-flopsshe dismissed the allegation that the modi government had committed several flip-flops in managing indias troubled relations with pakistan.
our governments policy on pakistan rests on three pillars.
firstly, we are ready to resolve all outstanding issues between india and pakistan through dialogue.
secondly, the talks must happen between india and pakistan, without any role of any third party.
and thirdly, talks and terror cannot go together, said the external affairs minister.
she said that modi had signalled his governments willingness for talks to resolve all outstanding bilateral issues between india and pakistan in may 2014 itself, when he had invited sharif to his swearing-in ceremony at the rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi.
we have to take note of the changes in the situation (due to continued cross-border terror attacks, violation of ceasefire by the pakistan army along the line of control and death sentence awarded to former indian navy officerkulbhsuhan jadhav by a military court in the neighbouring country), she said, when a journalist asked her about the prospects of resumption of india-pakistan engagements.
bangalore, oct 27, 2012, dhns: 1:43 istthe karnataka unit of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) has announced that it has no objection to b s yeddyurappa becoming party president or chief minister.
the party, in its renewed efforts to retain the former chief minister in its fold, is despatching a delegation of senior leaders, led by chief minister jagadish shettar to meet central leaders on october 30, for convincing the latter to explore ways to ensure that yeddyurappa does not desert the party.
they are also not averse to yeddyurappa getting a position of his choice.
the sudden u-turn in the partys stand was articulated by bjp state unit president k s eshwarappa while he interacted with reporters on the sidelines of a meeting of the partys sc/st morcha office-bearers here on saturday.
it is learnt that cabinet ministers basavaraj bommai, murugesh nirani, c m udasi and others, who are yeddyurappa loyalists, are not willing to quit the bjp, while their allegiance to the former chief minister is unshaken.
the ministers pressured shettar to convince yeddyurappa to remain in the bjp.
shettar and deputy chief minister r ashoka met yeddyurappa on friday.
yeddyurappa reportedly told them that he found no reason to stay back after all the humiliation he had faced, thanks to some leaders in delhi and the state.
shettar reportedly had no answer to some of the questions raised by yeddyurappa.
yeddyurappa is planning to hold a meeting of party mlas and ministers, who are loyal to him, on october 31 in bangalore.
bjp leaders, especially eshwarappa, are not confident enough of taking on the opposition in the next assembly elections due in april.
with bjp national president nitin gadkari, facing corruption charges, the party will face an uphill task in the elections.
the central leaders may be of little help for the poll campaigning in the state.
hence, the state bjp leaders want yeddyurappa, who has been the face of the bjp for the last four decades, to remain in the party.
so far, eshwarappa had distanced himself from yeddyurappa.
both had stopped sharing dais in meetings.
on saturday, eshwarappa downplayed the rift between pro- and anti-yeddyurappa camps.
he said the central leaders in delhi would requested to persuade yeddyurappa to remain in the bjp.
it is the wish of party workers, leaders and the common man to see that yeddyurappa remains with the bjp.
he is a mass leader.
our stand will be conveyed to national leaders l k advani, arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari.
i have confidence that yeddyurappa will not leave the party.
anyhow, the leaders in delhi will to take a final call, he said.
eshwarappa will be in the team that will meet the central leaders, along with ministers govind karjol, basavaraj bommai and umesh katti.
yeddyurappa later confirmed that shettar and others met him on friday to request him to give up his decision to float a new party.
but i am clear about my plans.
i am severing my ties with the bjp.
eshwarappa is issuing statements only to create confusion among the workers, he added.
ready for snap polls: bjpnew delhi, july 8, 2013 (ians) 18:06 istindicating that early polls seemed likely, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) monday said it was ready for snap polls, if the situation arises.
talking to reporters after a meeting of the bjp parliamentary board, party leader ananth kumar said the party was now in election mode.
prime minister manmohan singh and sonia gandhi are uncertain of the support of their allies, and because of the pressure from its allies and their internal divide, the congress can go for early elections, ananth kumar told reporters.
if they do so, we are ready for snap polls, he said, adding that corruption, economic situation of the country, and the failure of the congress-led government on every front will be the main issues in the polls.
he said the government's hesitation to face parliament was a signal that it was breaking down and did not enjoy the support of its allies.
the bjp has come in the election mode.
so the parliamentary board and other committees we are going to form will work constantly, he said.
they have not made any announcement about the monsoon session of parliament yet and it is usually held in july.
what does this mean?
the government does not want to face parliament, he said.
the meeting was attended by key leaders of the party, including party's poll panel chief narendra modi, party president rajnath singh, senior leader l.k. advani and sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
new delhi, apr 7, 2017 (pti) 19:23 istbangladesh prime minister shiekh hasina arrived here today on a four-day visit during which she will hold wide-ranging talks with pm narendra modi, who was at the airport to receive her as a special gesture.
during hasina's visit, which is her first after modi assumed office in 2014, the two sides will be signing at least 25 pacts in various key sectors including civil nuclear cooperation and defence but any agreement on the teesta water sharing is unlikely to be inked.
modi and hasina, who is staying at the rashtrapati bhawan, will hold comprehensive discussions tomorrow.
india is also set to announce a line of credit of usd 500 million to bangladesh for military supplies.
apart from a courtesy call on by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, hasina's schedule today included events at the bangladesh high commission.
officials here have said, it will be a visit without water, indicating that a pact on teesta river waters is not on the cards.
the central government will not go ahead with the agreement on teesta without taking west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on board and she has been opposing it stridently citing water crisis in the state.
however, the two sides are looking at the inking of a framework agreement on civil nuclear energy which will provide for extensive cooperation in the sector including setting up of nuclear reactors in bangladesh by india.
it will be a very very special visit.
we hope the visit will take the ties between the two countries to new level, joint secretary in the bangladesh-myanmar division of the external affairs ministry sripriya ranganathan told reporters.
on teesta pact, she said, teesta agreement remains a work in progress.
.
.
we have not reached a closure on it.
the teesta deal was set to be signed during the then prime minister manmohan singh's visit to bangladesh in september 2011, but was postponed at the last minute due to objections by banerjee.
teesta water is crucial for bangladesh especially in the leanest period from december to march when the water flow often temporarily comes down to less than 1,000 cusecs from 5,000 cusecs.
issues like combating terrorism, containing radicalism and enhancing security cooperation between the two countries are likely to figure prominently, besides stalemate over the teesta pact during talks between modi and hasina.
the west bengal chief minister has accepted an invitation by the government to attend the launch of some projects between the two countries as well as a lunch to be hosted by modi in honour of hasina.
on the agreements, ranganathan said another pact on formalising regular defence engagements will also be signed.
to boost trade, the two sides are likely to announce setting up of another set of trade facilitation huts along the borders in the northeastern region.
hasina will visit ajmer on sunday and will meet indian business leaders on monday.
minister of state for heavy industries and public enterprises babul supriyo is the minister-in-waiting for the bangladesh pm.
chennai, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 6:59 istrejecting allegations of vendetta levelled against him and the upa, former finance minister p chidambaram today demanded that the government should ensure that lalit modi returns to india to face the probe by enforcement directorate on various charges, including money laundering.
addressing a press conference, he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's action in helping the tainted former ipl boss get travel documents from the uk was in violation of rules and a case of favouritism shown to someone she knew.
he also demanded as to who decided not to appeal against the delhi high court decision to restore the passport of modi last year as normally a reversing decision is always challenged in a higher court.
the congress leader wanted the government to release the letters exchanged between him as finance minister and the chancellor of exchequer george osborne in which he had urged for sending modi back to india since he was facing criminal charges here.
he said after the reply to his first letter, he had written a second letter couched in stronger words to osborne that modi was facing investigations in india, his passport has been revoked, he had no right to live in the uk and he should be sent back to india.
chidambaram raised the question if swaraj wanted to help modi as a humanitarian gesture as was being claimed why did she not write to the indian high commission and ask for the issue of indian travel documents to him instead of recommending issue of uk travel documents.
chidambaram demanded disclosure of file notings in the mea about who decided not to appeal against the high court order.
someone had taken the decision and i would like to know who took it.
when a division bench of the high court sets aside cancellation of lalit modi's passport, who took the decision not to file an appeal in the supreme court.
was ed at whose instance the passport was cancelled consulted in the matter.
furthermore, who took the decision to issue a fresh passport to lalit modi.
will the government make public file notings, he said.
the former minister said modi was an indian passport holder and his stay in london without visa was in violation of all rules and that was one of the grounds on which his return was demanded.
why did swaraj help him get a long term visa or a residency of britain when he was facing serious criminal charges in india, chidambaram said.
if it was a question of humanitarian ground, then why did she not stress on modi's return to india to face charges while helping him get travel documents, he said adding it was clearly a case of abuse of authority and violations of rules.
the charges under provisions of fema and money laundering act were serious criminal offences levelled against modi, he said.
on the charge of vendetta he said finance minister arun jaitley's reply yesterday that notices in 15 of the 16 cases against modi still stood spoke for itself.
asked why modi was not barred from leaving india in 2010, the former finance minister said, at that time there was no ban on his travel and that it was only a stage of inquiry.
why do you assume he will not return.
asked about the prime minister's silence, he referred to jaitley's reply yesterday that the whole government shared a collective responsibility for decisions taken by a minister and said, i assume that the prime minister takes responsibility as pm.
replying to other questions, chidambaram said on the basis of facts disclosed so far it was an abuse of authority and violation of rules.
to a question about the defence by bjp of swaraj after rss came out in her support, he said, it shows who is the master.
to a bjp charge that congress has raked up the issue because there are woman leaders, he said it was rubbish and told journalists not to lend dignity to such allegations by raising them.
sushma to assuage 'annoyed' chinanew delhi, jan 27, 2015, dhns: 2:15 istwith us president barack obamas visit to india triggering adverse reactions from china, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will have to soothe ruffled feathers in the neighbouring country when she visits beijing in february.
swaraj will visit beijing next week to attend the trilateral meet of foreign ministers of russia, india and china.
she will also hold bilateral meetings with her chinese counterpart wang yi, and is expected to attempt to soothe the feathers ruffled by the growing india-us bonhomie.
as obama and prime minister narendra modi agreed to step up bilateral energy, defence and economic ties, and spelt out a joint strategic vision for the asia-pacific and indian ocean region, apart from affirming the importance of safeguarding maritime security and ensuring freedom of navigation and over flight throughout the region, especially in the south china sea, the communist country's unease was reflected in the statements coming from beijing.
president pranab mukherjee on sunday received a message from his chinese counterpart xi jinping, who greeted india on its 66th republic day.
xi also wrote that china was ready to work with india to deepen mutually beneficial cooperation in various fields, and build a closer partnership of development.
according to the xinhua agency, xi also conveyed to mukherjee that china was willing to make concerted efforts with india to lift their strategic cooperative partnership oriented to peace and prosperity to a higher level this year, which mark the 65th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between the two countries.
on the other hand, obama and modi said in a joint statement on sunday: we call on all parties to avoid threat or use of force, and pursue resolution of territorial and maritime disputes through all peaceful means, in accordance with universally recognised principles of international law, including the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
the official spokesperson of chinas ministry of foreign affairs, hua chunying, however, said the south china sea disputes should be settled among parties concerned through peaceful talks and consultations.
at this stage, the situation in south china sea is generally stable and there is no problem with navigation freedom and freedom of overflights.
we hope the countries outside this region can play a constructive role on the south china sea issue, and jointly safeguard peace and stability there.
together, we can ensure the serenity of the sea, said hua.
real 'bajrangi bhaijaan' story takes curious turnchandigarh, aug 07, 2015, dhns: 23:49 istas if straight out of the script of the recent tinsel town flick bajrangi bhaijaan, the real life story of a speech and hearing disabled indian girl geeta, who got separated from her parents after straying into pakistan 14-years ago, has taken a curious turn.
amid efforts to locate the parents of the girl in india following the assurance by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, a couple in amritsar have come forward to claim that geeta is their lost daughter.
the couple, living in a slum-dwelling unit near rigo bridge in the city, too are speech and hearing impaired and earn a living picking rag and seeking alms.
what has made the developments even more curious is that geeta has denied that the couple are her parents after she saw them on television.
the migrant couple, rajesh kumar and ram dulari, who communicate through their son raju, 14, say her real name is not geeta but pooja.
the couple say they migrated from bihar to punjab in search of work about two decades ago.
ever since she strayed into pakistan at a tender age of about four, geeta has lived under the support and patronage of edhi foundation in karachi.
she communicates in sign language, but can read and write hindi.
geeta has high resemblance with her mother ram durali.
the couple said they lost their daughter when she was small and did not have the wherewithal to locate her.
a private tv channel contacted edhi foundation in pakistan to see if the claim by the indian couple is true.
geeta, through her interpreter in karachi, has said that she did not recognise them as her parents.
she said her parents were not from bihar, instead from jharkhand, and her mother wore sarees not punjabi suits as she was shown on the television.
the family in amritsar claims pooja alias geeta use to beg at the railway station and must have accidentally boarded the peace train that goes to pakistan from the attari border in punjab.
indian envoy in pakistan, dr tca raghavan has already visited edhi foundation and met geeta there.
an assurance has been given by the indian authorities to locate the parents of the girl expeditiously.
pakistan human rights activist ansar burney, who has made some efforts in the past to locate and unite the girl with her parents, will be visiting india on september 2.
the amritsar couple have five children.
bjp seeks special sessionlast updated: 06 june, 2011new delhi, june 6, dhns: 23:57 istthe bharatiya janata party (bjp) leaders on monday met president pratibha patil asking her to convene a special session of parliament to discuss the governments action against the yoga guru on saturday night.
the saffron leaders wanted corruption and black money on the agenda of the special session.
we met the president today (monday) to demand a special session of parliament, an emergency session, to discuss issues like corruption, black money stashed away in foreign banks and the manhandling of peaceful protesters, including women and elderly persons, who gathered to protest against such issues, senior bjp leader l k advani told media persons outside rashtrapati bhavan.
the crackdown was against a person who was welcomed by four ministers.
the government wanted to make him agree to what it was proposing to him.
when he refused to oblige it took such an action (crackdown), the senior leader further added.
the (special parliament) session will give us the opportunity to put our point of view and the government will also get a chance to present its views, so that the guilty can be punished, he said.
president pratibha patil assured us that she will go through our memorandum and take the required action, said advani.
24-hour satyagrahaterming the present united progressive alliance government as the most corrupt in indian history, advani said: people across the country are discussing the issue of corruption.
bharatiya janta party leaders including advani, nitin gadkari, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley also held a 24 hours satyagraha at rajghat to protest against the crack down on ramdevs fast.
the satyagrah, which started on sunday evening, ended on monday evening.
we would organise peaceful protests across the country against the crackdown, bjp spokesperson ravishankar prasad said.
congress demands pm's resignationnew delhi, june 17, 2015 (dhns) 1:33 istlalitgate: oppn says four women have left most outspoken man speechlessthe congress on saturday demanded prime minister narendra modi's resignation if he found himself helpless in securing the resignation of four women leaders of his party in key positions in the government.
the main opposition also said: four women have left the most frank and outspoken man speechless.
in the congress' cross hairs were external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, human resource development (hrd) minister smriti irani, rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and maharashtra minister pankaja munde.
if the prime minister is helpless in securing their resignations, he should tell the people about his failure to ensure zero tolerance to corruption and offer his resignation, congress spokesman raj babbar told reporters here.
the congress has kept up the attack on the centre since swarajs role in facilitating travel documents for lalit modi came out in the open two weeks ago.
rajes involvement in lalitgate provided additional fodder to its campaign.
congress strategists view this controversy as a win-win situation, as it has provided them an issue to target the government and take the sheen off its claims of being non-corrupt.
the opposition party feels if any of these four women are sacked, they can take credit for their removal.
if modi does not take action, we are free to campaign against the corrupt government.
in fact, it suits us if the ministers are not removed.
we can step up the campaign against the government, said a senior leader.
the congress has already called the modi government a gathering of tainted leaders and termed the bjp bhrashtachar jagao party.
taking a dig at the bjp and the modi dispensation, actor-turned-politician babbar cited the example of the hindi film besharam (meaning shameless), saying the film bombed at the box office despite a good star cast.
babbar also took a jibe at the rss, saying the outfit that projects itself as consisting of patriots and honest people was silent on the issue.
earlier in the day, congress spokesman ajoy kumar accused the prime minister of following raje dharma instead of rajya dharma by shielding raje and swaraj.
bjp 'fully supports' rajenew delhi, june 26, 2015 (pti) 17:56 istbjp today asserted that it fully supports rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, who is engulfed in the lalit modi controversy, rejecting opposition demands for her resignation.
as the congress upped the ante pressing for raje's removal, bjp secretary shrikant sharma told reporters here, bjp fully supports vasundhara raje who is our tallest leader in rajasthan.
congress is targeting our popular leaders and we stand by her.
sharma's assertion came after finance minister arun jaitley met prime minister narendra modi.
jaitley, who on thursday said that nobody is tainted, is understood to have discussed various aspects of the raging controversy including the legal implications and the political fallout.
the finance minister later had a meeting with bjp president amit shah and is believed to have deliberated upon the party's strategy to brazen out the massive row involving raje as well as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
changing its tack today, the party said even if raje had backed the immigration appeal of lalit modi, former ipl chairman, she had not testified in court on his behalf and hence the opposition criticism of her supporting a man wanted for financial crimes in india was misplaced.
did she go and depose there (in the uk)?
no.
there was no action that finally took place of her behalf, said bjp spokesperson nalin kohli, adding that raje's statement was made in 2011 in her personal capacity, not in her capacity as leader of opposition in rajasthan.
in jaipur, raje's office for the second consecutive day dismissed media reports including that of a signature campaign by 120 party mlas in her support.
in a statement, cmo spokesman said the chief minister holds jansunwai (public hearing) at her residence every friday, and for this many mlas come with the public of their constituency for putting forward their problems and demands.
similarly today, the cm is holding public hearing in which mlas and party workers are meeting, the spokesman said.
the news of signature by 120 mlas (in her support) is completely wrong.
it is not fair to link public hearing with a different view, he said.
the cmo said the chief minister never asked or made any call to mlas to show their strength and support.
the chief minister's press advisor had said last night that false reports were being run on the basis of rumours to tarnish her image and cause political damage.
the chief minister is in the dock for reportedly giving an affidavit in favour of lalit modi, who is facing ed probe into alleged money laundering in connection with organising of ipl tournament.
lalit modi has made london his home ever since the probe began in 2010.
the cmo said today that some channels were still broadcasting baseless and untrue news.
the chief minister has not made any such statements shown in tv news channels.
some media channels were running news to tarnish the political image of chief minister, he said.
a number of the chief minister's cabinet colleagues including r s rathore, yunus khan, krishnendra kaur deepa and mlas, and state bjp president ashok parnami were present during the hearing, the press advisor told pti.
media persons were not allowed access to the public hearing, the advisor said.
hitting back at the opposition over its demand for raje's resignation, rajasthan bjp president ashok parnami asked whether former cm ashok gehlot had tendered his resignation on corruption charges levelled by his own mlas.
with what face ashok gehlot is demanding resignation of cm vasundhara raje when he did not resign on the corruption charges levelled by his own mlas and rape cases in which his two ministers and mla were allegedly involved, parnami said in a statement here.
new delhi, aug 03, 2015, pti: 17:12 istconfrontation between government and opposition is set to escalate with lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan today suspending 25 congress members for five days for persistently, wilfully obstructing the house.
the speaker 'named' (identifying for action) the 25 congress members who were carrying placards and shouting slogans in the well while pressing for resignation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over lalit modi row and madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over vyapam scam.
while taking the tough action under rule 374(a), she said the members were being suspended for persistently, wilfully obstructing the house.
she ruled that the 'named' members will not attend five sittings of the house.
congress has 44 members in all.
mahajan adjourned the house immediately after.
however, a number of the congress members staged a sit-in in the house.
congress president sonia gandhi and vice president rahul gandhi also did not leave the house for quite some time and were seen holding discussions with leaders of some other opposition parties.
her action came after several warnings and despite pleas by tmc leader sudip bandhyopadhyay and cpi(m) leader p karunakaran that it would aggravate the situation.
the rule 374(a) says: notwithstanding anything contained in rules 373 and 374, in the event of grave disorder occasioned by a member coming into the well of the house or abusing the rules of the house persistently and wilfully obstructing its business by shouting slogans or otherwise, such member shall, on being named by the speaker, stand automatically suspended from the service of the house for five consecutive sittings or the remainder of the session, whichever is less.
the move came after the government approached the speaker slamming the opposition for obstructing the house for the past several days.
such a major action is the first in the current lok sabha.
the suspended members included b n chandrappa, santok singh chaudhary, a h k choudhury, sushmita dev, ninog ering, r dhruvanarayana, gaurav gogoi, g sukender reddy, deepender hooda, s kodikunnil, s p muddahanumegowda, abhijit mukherjee, mullappally ramachandran, k h munniyappa, b v nayak, vincent pala, m k raghavan, ranjeet ranjan, c l ruala, t sahu, rajee satav, ravneet singh k suresh, k c venugopal and t meinya.
sonia gandhi was angry at the speaker's decision and asked leader of congress mallikarjun kharge to lodge protest.
kharge, while objecting to the speaker's action, said our demand is that the ministers resign.
then everything will be peaceful.
amid the bedlam, home minister rajnath singh said there is no fir, no court observation and no prima facie case against swaraj as well as the two chief ministers and hence there is no justification for them to resign.
he said the cvc too has not pointed out any wrongdoing.
we have not shied away from discussion and we are ready for it.
singh said while opposition has an important role in parliamentary democracy, the house should be allowed to function.
his response came when kharge opposed the speaker's move to name mps from his party for disrupting the proceedings.
before naming them, the speaker repeatedly told congress members not to display placards and return to their seats.
don't force me to take stringent action.
.
.
you cannot say they disrupted proceedings so we will also do the same.
.
.
we cannot denegrade ourselves further, mahajan said.
bandhopadhyay and karunakaran urged the speaker not to suspend the members and the warring parties should be given a change to resolve issue as they are experienced politicians.
karunakaran recalled that bjp had stalled the lok sabha as opposition party for one month and such an action in the present lok sabh could be avoided.
the speaker said if they are ready to take guarantee for congress members, she could have a rethink.
some members from left parties were also in the well raising slogans against the government but were not displaying placards.
washington, jun 21, 2015 (pti) 18:04 istfinance minister arun jaitley chose to largely stay mum on lalit modi, saying he did not want to comment on the controversy raging back home, with the opposition mounting massive protests over external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's help to the tainted former ipl chief.
responding to a question on why prime minister narendra modi is silent on the issue and whether rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje will resign following allegations of backing the former ipl chief's uk immigration plea secretly, jaitley said he did not want to comment on him (lalit modi).
however, in response to another question, jaitley said that modi's rs 11 crore transaction with bjp leader and raje's son dushyant singh was a commercial one.
i do not want to comment on him, but it's a commercial transaction between two individuals, jaitley said at a press conference here yesterday.
the minister was asked: what is the government doing on the transaction of rs 11 crore between lalit modi and dushyant singh?
the reporter also asked jaitley if raje would resign and why prime minister modi is silent on the issue, and will dushyant be expelled from the party.
jaitley responded: how the government could be concerned with a several year old loan transaction between.
.
.
which is a commercial loan transaction by check with all banking approvals in a declared loan transaction.
while singh has been under attack over media reports that his company received rs 11.
63 crore in investments from modi in 2008, his mother has faced flak for allegedly backing the immigration plea of the former ipl chief in a london court secretly.
the raje episode came as a further embarrassment to the bjp and its government after it emerged that swaraj helped modi obtain british travel documents.
though swaraj has maintained she acted on humanitarian grounds by signing consent papers for surgery of his wife suffering from cancer, the issue kicked up a storm with the opposition seeking her resignation over impropriety and conflict of interest.
asked whether india should enact legislation to avoid the kind of conflict of interests, which triggered the current controversy, jaitley said: parliament has some regulations on (conflict of interests) and they keep reviewing them from time to time.
queried further on whether he favoured stricter laws, jaitley said: this is not the time for me to comment.
the controversy surrounding lalit modi is the bjp government's first major political crisis in more than a year since it assumed office.
lawyer objects to lalit modi being called an offendermumbai, june 15, 2015, pti 22:03 istdefending lalit modi to the hilt, his lawyer mehmood m abdi today took serious objecton to calling the former ipl commissioner an offender since no court of law has declared him so.
lashing out at those using terms like fugitive and offender to describe lalit modi, he told a press meet that these were legal terms and can not be used too loosely.
it has to be decided by law.
which court has decided that lalit modi as offender and fugitive?
he stays within knowledge of everyone in the united kingdom, he said.
stating that no blue corner notice was ever issued against lalit modi, he said non-issues have been blown out of proportion.
defending foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, he said she had done only her duty and sought to know how cold some one be blamed for intervening on humanitarian grounds.
seeking to turn the tables on congress, he said lalit modi's passport case was argued in upa's period and hence there is no conflict of interest though the final order came after the government change (last year).
abdi claimed that in an rti reply received on june 2010, it was said that dawood ibrahim group was monitoring the movement of lalit modi and were also following his daughter.
in may 2010 his security was withdrawn after which he left for the uk, he said.
new delhi: nov 10, 2015, dhns 1:04 istfeels islamabad may raise kashmir issuea cautious new delhi is yet to take a call on an invitation that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj received from pakistan government to attend a multilateral conclave on afghanistan in islamabad next month.
sushma is understood to have received the invitation from sartaj aziz, foreign affairs and national security advisor to pakistan prime minister m nawaz sharif, to attend the heart of asia meeting of istanbul ministerial process on afghanistan scheduled to be held in islamabad on december 7 and 8.
mos could attendnew delhi is yet to decide whether sushmaswaraj herself would travel to islamabad or minister of state for external affairs v k singh would attend the conference.
while sushmaswaraj has been invited to a multilateral conclave, officials in new delhi pointed out that it would not be in keeping with courtesy and diplomatic protocol if she travelled to islamabad and returned without having a bilateral meeting with aziz.
new delhi, however, is cautious about a sushma-aziz meeting in islamabad, as it has so far been maintaining that it would stick to the roadmap of engagement prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart had agreed upon at ufa in russia on july 10.
modi and sharif had agreed at ufa that their national security advisors would meet in new delhi to discuss all issues related to terrorism.
aziz was expected to meet modis national security advisor ajit doval in new delhi on august 24.
but the meeting was called off after india asked pakistan to drop its insistence on including the issue of kashmir in the agenda of talks between the two nsas and on consulting the hurriyat conference and other separatist organisations of kashmir before the parleys.
sources told deccan herald that new delhi had reservations to discuss resumption of the stalled dialogue with islamabad on kashmir and other outstanding issues, without having a credible and effective outcome from the nsas parleys on the issue of anti-india terrorism emanating from pakistan and territories under its control.
if sushmaswaraj holds a bilateral meeting with aziz on the sidelines of the heart of asia conference in islamabad, pakistan is likely to use the opportunity to raise the issue of kashmir and seek restart of dialogue.
redeeming talksto return to the roadmap of engagement agreed upon at ufa, india proposed a meeting between doval and aziz on the sidelines of the unga in new york in the last week of september.
pakistan, however, insisted that it would agree to have talks between the two nsas only if another meeting was also arranged between aziz and sushmaswaraj to discuss resumption of dialogue on all other outstanding issues, including kashmir.
the move was finally aborted.
a section within the government in new delhi, however, is understood to be of the view that a brief bilateral meeting between sushmaswaraj and aziz in islamabad may help end the impasse and help create a situation where india and pakistan could explore possibilities of restarting dialogue.
new delhi, july 24, 2015, pti: 12:21 istit was a complete washout of lok sabha proceedings in the first week of the monsoon session, as the opposition remained unrelenting on its demand for the resignation of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief ministers of rajasthan and madhya pradesh.
the house was adjourned for the day today till monday, minutes after it assembled this morning.
no business has been transacted since the session began on july 21, witnessing adjournments after adjournments over the opposition uproar.
even the papers listed for the day were not tabled, as this is scheduled for noon every day.
two bills -- the delhi high court (amendment) bill and the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) amendment bill, were also listed today for consideration and passage.
as soon as the house met, speaker sumitra mahajan announced she had disallowed notices of adjournment motion moved by congress and left leaders on lalit modi controversy, vyapam scam and other issues.
as soon as she took up the question hour, congress members, wearing black bands on their arms, rushed to the well shouting slogans and holding placards they have been displaying for the past three days accusing the prime minister of being voiceless while scams were taking place in his regime.
trs members were separately raising the demand for a separate high court in telangana.
you don't want to raise issues.
.
.
you don't want to take part in the proceedings, the speaker remarked and adjourned the house for the day within five minutes after it assembled.
some bjp members rose to object to the congress members coming into the well and blocking their view.
the speaker often continues with the proceedings despite vociferous protests by the opposition.
but this is perhaps for the first time in the recent past that she adjourned the house for the day soon after it met.
last updated: 07 may, 2011bellary, may 7, dhns: 0:01 istminister for tourism and bellary district in-charge minister g janardhana reddy has welcomed the decision of the supreme court to constitute a joint committee of various departments to conduct a survey on the alleged illegal mining in bellary district.
speaking with mediapersons after laying the foundation stone for the construction of the zilla patrika bhavan here on saturday, he said the truth will be revealed after the completion of the survey by the joint committee, as per the orders of the supreme court, in the district.
the minister said bellary was one of the most backward districts in the state before 1999.
in the 1999 lok sabha elections, bellary became the centre of attraction for the first time in the country when sushmaswaraj swaraj and sonia gandhi contested the elections for the first time.
later, it was in the news for all the wrong reasons.
in spite of the various development works worth more than rs 2,000 crore being implemented in the district, it has become the centre of focus only for illegal mining, he added.
reddy alleged that the media, instead of focusing on the positive side of bellary, was misleading the people by giving a false image of the district, based on the imaginary reports prepared in bangalore and new delhi.
health minister b sriramulu, mla g somashekhar reddy, mayor parvathi indushekhar, zilla panchayat president aruna, deputy commissioner a a biswas, zilla panchayat chief executive officer muttaiah and several others were present on the occasion.
take opposition into confidence on pakistan: congress to centrenew delhi, dec 7, 2015, (ians) 15:09 ista day after the national security advisors (nsas) of india and pakistan met in thailand, the congress on monday sought to know what made the government effect a fundamental departure from the position conveyed to parliament with regard to new delhi's engagement with islamabad.
congress member anand sharma said in the rajya sabha that the government should take parliament into confidence and that prime minister narendra modi should share what understanding was reached between him and (pakistan) prime minister nawaz sharif.
he was referring to the meeting between modi and sharif on the sidelines of the climate conference in paris.
the prime minister and the government should inform the house about the developments and reasons which have made the government make a fundamental departure from the position as was conveyed to this house in the last session with regard to india's engagement with pakistan, sharma said during zero hour.
we expected that the prime minister will take the opposition into confidence, he added.
yesterday nsas met, they were accompanied by foreign secretaries.
that is why i use the term fundamental departure.
.
.
the government said the 26 july ufa statement from indian perspective meant that an understanding was reached only to discuss the issue of terrorism which was contested by pakistan and the nsa-level talks were called off.
the very fact that foreign secretaries accompanied (the nsas) means the agenda and scope has been expanded, the congress leader said.
he also referred to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's visit to pakistan on tuesday.
this is disrespect of parliament as parliament is not taken into confidence.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi then said a statement would be made by the foreign minister on december 10.
our commitment to national interest is very strong.
the minister will make a statement on (december) 10th and give all information.
sushma swaraj is travelling to islamabad for a conference on afghanistan.
new delhi, jul 31, 2015 (pti) 14:01 istlok sabha today witnessed noisy protests by the opposition members over lalit modi controversy and other issues, but a determined speaker sumitra mahajan continued the proceedings amidst the bedlam and warned the protesting members of action.
as the ruckus continued, the speaker refused to adjourn the house and a visibly peeved parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu termed the opposition protests as a fraud played on the democracy.
the question hour continued even as over 40 opposition members, including those from the congress and left, were in the well shouting slogans and holding placards.
they were protesting over the lalit modi controversy involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and corruption issues.
trs members were also on the aisles with placards demanding a separate high court for telangana.
amidst the din, questions were raised by members, mostly from the bjp and its allies, and some ministers replied.
mahajan repeatedly requested the protesting opposition members to put down the placards as it was against the rules.
as the pleas went unheeded, the speaker warned that she would be forced to name the members and was even heard asking for the names of those holding placards.
you have to put down the placards now.
.
.
you are taking away the rights of more than 300 members, she said.
warning the protesting members, mahajan said, i am not going to adjourn the house today, which elicited loud thumping of desks by the ruling bjp members.
mahajan even asked congress members sushmita dev and gaurav gogoi to put down their placards.
as the protests persisted, naidu wondered whether parliament is helpless and can 40 members take the house to ransom?
we cannot allow this (protests).
.
.
this is a tamasha, a fraud played on the democracy of the country.
he said.
the minister also read out rules of conduct in the house and urged the speaker to take the matter seriously.
they don't want to discuss any issue, including those related to farmers and are just playing politics, naidu said.
soon after the house met for the day, congress and other opposition members trooped into the well shouting slogans against the government and many were holding placards.
they were heard shouting shame shame and pradhan mantri chuppi todo (prime minister break your silence).
one of the placards read 'shameless government voiceless prime minister.
earlier, the speaker rejected a number of notices for adjournment relating to various subjects including abolition of death penalty and money laundering activities.
