take a look at the indian express power list of 2016-17 not just to see who are the most powerful 100 in this country of a billion plus.
look at it, also, to get a sense of how, over the past year, power has changed hands  and how power itself has changed.
to take the second change first, which is also the context in which the first  the movement of the powerful  is to be tracked: more than any other in recent times, the past year has framed and sharpened an absence in indias liberal democratic imagination.
liberal democracy in india has always seemed ill-trained in the art of separation that produces a check and balance on power, and is also a way of fragmenting it.
democracy in india doesnt ask itself the question, at least not often enough, and not with enough sophistication: what are the bases of different institutions?
what are the different kinds of power?
it is in this space of unasked questions that the steep climb and precipitous fall of individuals in the ie power list tells a story, of course.
large meanings can also be prised from the small shifts.
the top three of 2016-17 remain the same as in 2015-16  prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah and rss sarsanghchalak mohan bhagwat  but with a difference.
while modi remains numero uno, shah trades places with bhagwat.
the moving up of shah, the stepping down of bhagwat, if only by a rung each, speaks of an unfolding realignment within the sangh parivar  the dramatic electoral successes of the modi-shah election machine are helping them pull ahead of not just their opponents and rivals but also their friends.
the year 2015-2016 was when the political opposition struck back at the bjp dominance established by its 282-seat triumph in 2014  first arvind kejriwals aap routed the bjp in delhi, then the nitish kumar-lalu prasad mahagathbandhan trounced it in bihar.
it was also the year when the bjps political project seemed challenged by events and stories outside the political arena that snowballed, acquired power, became writ large  the murder of mohammad akhlaq in dadri over rumours of beef in september 2015, the suicide of dalit student rohith vemula at the hyderabad university campus in january 2016.
this was followed by the spreading protests against the arrest of students in jnu on charges of sedition, which also stoked a wide and vibrant debate on the meaning of nationalism.
yet, in 2017, that agitation and those debates seem frayed and faded already.
their dramatis personae, like the fiery jnu student leaders, are no longer prominent on the stage.
they have been relegated by the inevitable return to business-as-usual, yes, but also by the sound and spectacle of the bjps electoral victories, especially and most recently in uttar pradesh.
unsurprising, then, that a host of opposition leaders move down the power list: arvind kejriwal slips from no.
8 to 33, mayawati who was at 30 last year is now at 50, and lalu prasad is down from 26 to 42.
the gandhis, sonia and rahul, may not show as great a fall  from 5 to 9 and from 9 to 10, respectively.
but there is a settled stolid dullness to their ranking, especially when you contrast it with the blistering trajectory of yogi adityanath, a new entrant at no.
8, or himanta biswa sarma who left the congress to become powerful in the bjp, and who is also a new entry in the list, at 37.
nitish kumar, who had seemed for a while last year to be the emerging rallying point for anti-bjp forces, has receded only from 12 to 13, but in his case, the rungs he hasnt climbed are more telling.
all those who are on the list are there because of the individuals that they are and because of the institutions and offices that they represent.
but the rise in the list of chief justice khehar, from 41 to 4, and the entry of dipak misra at 15 and justice lodha at 78, owes more to their institution  the judiciary  at a time when other checks and balances on concentrated executive power are waning.
how these individuals act on their institutions, steer their course, will determine their ranking in next years list.
and what about the non-political powerful of 2016-17?
except for the feisty kangana ranaut gatecrashing this list of 90 men and 10 women,as she has done bollywood, in the most powerful and empowering way possible, well, what about them?
here is the list:also read | the most powerful indians in 2017, 51 to 100: aamir khan moves up to 61, chidambaram at 711.
narendra damodardas modi, 66prime minister of india(rank 2016: 1)whybecause nearly three years into his term, he remains the unchallenged number 1.
because under him, the bjp looks unstoppable, forcing the opposition to continually play catch-up.
every key move the modi government makes  from surgical strikes to demonetisation  is done in his name.
under him, the prime ministers office wields almost absolute power, inviting awe and criticism in equal measure.
his relentless campaigning fuelled the partys sweep in uttar pradesh, setting the stage for 2019.
his constant communication underlines the power of his politics.
power punchdemonetisation.
its economics may have been suspect but its politics was pure gold.
he proved his critics wrong and projected the hugely disruptive note ban as a transformational reform that people must support for the greater good.
and they did.
what nexthalfway into his term, hes looking beyond 2019.
economy and employment, rising expectations of the young remain his key challenges at home that will also define his place in the world.
by the wayhe loves photography, shoots a lot and always directs photographers even as he poses for them.
2.
amit shah, 52bjp president(rank 2016: 3)whyhe pushes the rss chief down one rank because he has established himself as the bjps trump card.
despite the criticism over his style of functioning, shah has proved he is the most effective strategist, whether in uttar pradesh, maharashtra or manipur.
he not only led the party to historic victories in up and uttarakhand by stitching together a new social coalition, but also choreographed the bjp takeover of goa and manipur.
power punchshah stuck to his handpicked candidates for uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, including some who joined the party on the eve of the release of the list.
what nextelections in gujarat later this year.
he realises the partys performance here is tied to his prestige as well as that of the pm.
by the wayhe has been on a strict weight-loss programme and has already lost over 15 kg.
3.
mohan bhagwat, 66rss sarsanghchalak(rank 2016: 2)whywithout rocking any boats, like in the atal bihari vajpayee years, he has ensured that the rss and the bjp government remain in step and in sync.
despite the rebellion in the goa unit and some swayamsevaks carping over tickets in up and uttarakhand, bhagwats sangh has emerged as the perfect foil to the modi government.
power punchhis public disagreements are keenly heard.
for instance, his disapproval of the draft education policy prompted the centre to review it.
what nextto push the rss agenda on triple talaq and empowerment of dalits and other backward classes, especially in southern states.
by the wayfinds time to watch movies with close friends from nagpur.
4.
j s khehar, 64chief justice of india(rank 2016: 41)whywith the judiciary and the executive locked in a struggle over delay in appointments to the higher judiciary and a new memorandum of procedure (mop), the cji, who heads the collegium that clear the names of judges for high courts and the apex court, plays a key role.
besides, he will hear all important pils in the supreme court.
power punchthe sc collegium under him has stood its ground, virtually rejecting every contentious clause that the modi government wanted in the new mop.
what nexthe is expected to head the constitution bench that will decide the validity of aadhaar and the contours of the right to privacy.
by the wayhe often refers to his wife as sher khan and tiger.
5.
ajit doval, 72national security advisor(rank 2016: 18)whybecause he is the most important bureaucrat in the modi government.
he has the prime ministers ear on everything, from foreign policy and the challenges of terror to negotiations with the naga rebels.
power punchfollowing the public announcement of the surgical strikes in pok last november, he is said to have controlled the flow of information and played a key role in shaping the narrative.
what nextto quickly gauge the trump administration and work on common areas so that new delhi is able to tap into the new washington.
by the waystill responds to every single soldierly salutation in his office with a loud and brisk vishraam, araam se.
6.
arun jaitley, 64union finance minister(rank 2016: 4)whythe effective no 2 in the modi cabinet, jaitley has the task of steering the economy towards higher growth amid a slowdown resulting from demonetisation.
with manohar parrikar heading to goa, jaitley holds additional charge of the crucial defence ministry.
power punchafter a series of hectic negotiations with states and political parties, jaitley was able to get the constitutional amendment related to gst passed by parliament.
a crucial indirect tax reform, consensus on which once seemed impossible, gst is likely to be implemented fromjuly 1.
what nextimproving the countrys tax base and ensuring that people stay the course on digital transactions.
by the wayhe is on very friendly terms with captain amarinder singh, the man who defeated him in the bitterly fought amritsar lok sabha contest.
7.
mukesh dhirubhai ambani, 59chairman, reliance industries(rank 2016: 5)whycontinues to remain the richest indian with a net worth of rs 1,75,400 crore (us $26 billion), according to the hurun global rich list.
he is now focusing on his telecom venture, reliance jio, which is making aggressive plans in the segment, giving established players such as airtel a run for their money.
the groups sprawling media ownership is now a role model for other corporates.
power punchjio has secured over 10 crore customers in less than six months.
what nextwith jio set to charge customers from april, his next move in the intensely competitive telecom sector will be keenly watched.
by the waya nature buff, ambani loves to visit wildlife hotspots such as kruger national park in south africa.
8.
yogi adityanath, 44chief minister, uttar pradesh(rank 2016: new entry)whyfor being chief minister of indias most populous state, where the bjp and its allies have come to power with a thumping mandate, winning 325 of 403 seats in the assembly elections.
a key hindutva face of the bjp, he surprised nearly everyone by becoming the partys choice to lead the state government.
power punchwhen he pipped about half-a-dozen aspirants to the post of cm.
long seen as the fringe in the state bjp, he now represents the mainstream.
what nexthe faces the daunting task of balancing the demands of his office with those of his restive and aggressive supporters.
how he does that will decide how effectively the bjp reaps its electoral harvest in up.
the crackdown on meat and the anti-romeo squads have dominated headlines but the yogi story is yet to unfold.
by the wayhe is fond of watches.
wears a rado on his left wrist.
9.
sonia gandhi, 70congress president(rank 2016: 5)whydespite her conscious decision to stay away from the limelight and make way for son rahul, sonia gandhi remains the paramount leader of the congress.
the longest-serving president of the grand old party, she is still the last word and the final arbiter in the party.
though her ill health has forced her to curtail her public appearances, she remains accessible to all leaders.
power punchher strategic absence from the congress working committee meeting, in which her loyalist ak antony broached the topic of rahuls elevation, was a message loud and clear for rahul baiters to fall in line and reconcile with the new normal.
what nextwith the party battered at the polls, she could step down as president but will remain the figurehead.
by the wayshe opens all official communication from congress office bearers and administrative staff all by herself.
also, she personally puts her replies into envelopes and seals them herself.
10.
rahul gandhi, 46congress vice-president(rank 2016: 9)whywith mother sonia gandhi taking a back seat, rahul is now in effective control of the grand old party.
with the bjp unlikely to have the numbers in the rajya sabha, the congress remains the fulcrum of any opposition unity in parliament.
power puncheven though under him the party has seen a string of electoral reverses, he doesnt face any major challenge within the party.
what nexthis long-awaited elevation as congress president could happen this year.
by the wayrahul dabbles in a number of sports.
he is a licensed scuba diving instructor, a black belt in aikido and a squash player.
he is currently reading the english translation of the upanishads.
11.
rajnath singh, 65union home minister(rank 2016: 7)whyone of the heavyweights of the nda government, singh has also been the bjp national president.
he has enjoyed key posts in the government, in part because he has the complete backing of the rss.
in up, singh conducted 102 election rallies, the maximum by a central minister.
power punchsingh was the soft face of the government during the 2016 kashmir unrest and has been instrumental in pushing back left wing extremism to an all-time low.
what nextwith a change of guard in the united states, the next big challenge for the home minister is the upcoming indo-us homeland security dialogue.
back home, he will have to build a new narrative in kashmir, along with handling infiltration from across the border.
by the waysingh is not part of any family whatsapp group and does not keep a mobile with him.
12.
piyush goyal, 52mos, independent for power, coal, new & renewable energy and mines(rank 2016: 46)whyhis ministry has ensured that there is no scarcity of coal.
as a result, while transmission and distribution issues persist, power generation has been sorted out  the countrys power surplus.
in spite of his responsibilities as a senior minister, goyal was appointed to the two-member ministerial group that was to work out a strategy to promote cashless transactions during the demonetisation period.
power punchhas been tasked with executing pms targets, such as power for all and annual renewable energy generation of 175 gw by 2022.
his ministry has already electrified 70 per cent of the 18,452 villages that the pm wants power to reach by may 2018.
he is expected to meet this deadline comfortably.
what nexthas to successfully supervise non-coal auctions being conducted by the states, and sort out transmission and distribution issues with their help.
will also have to reach target of renewable power generation.
by the wayhe hasnt slept for more than five hours a day since he took charge.
is spiritual and meditates.
13.
nitish kumar, 66chief minister, bihar(rank 2016: 12)whyfor being the face of the opposition and the nucleus of the anti-bjp camp.
he is likely to play a key role in putting up a consensus candidate from the non-bjp camp for the post of president of india.
power punchhe was the only opposition leader to back demonetisation, though with a caveat: a good idea, but poorly implemented.
what nextin his third term as chief minister, nitish is definitely looking national with an eye on the 2019 parliamentary elections.
by the wayhas a fascination for the digit 7.
despite moving to the cms official 1, anne marg residence, he retained his previous address at 7, circular road, patna.
14.
mamata banerjee, 62chief minister, west bengal(rank 2016: 15)whyin her second term as chief minister, she remains the most resolute voice critical of pm modi and the bjp in a country where the opposition space is increasingly shrinking.
banerjee has been most vocal on the debate regarding federalism, repeatedly accusing the bjp-led centre of attempting to weaken the federal structure and centralise power.
power punchafter her landslide victory in 2011, which ended the 34-year-old left rule in bengal, banerjee pulled off an even bigger victory in the 2016 assembly polls.
what nexther party will have to contend with the narada investigations, in addition to the ongoing investigations into chit funds.
by the wayshe walks 5-6 km on her treadmill every morning.
she has repeatedly walked up to 10 kms at a stretch, leaving those behind her puffing away at a distance.
15.
dipak misra, 63supreme court judge(rank 2016: new entry)whyhe is set to take over as the chief justice of india in august this year and will have a tenure of over a year.
with tension between the centre and opposition-ruled states, as well as the ruling bjp and opposition parties, showing no signs of abating, the supreme court headed by him could be called upon more frequently to be the final arbiter in constitutional matters.
he will also head the collegium that will have the opportunity to appoint a large number of supreme court and high court judges.
power punchto instill committed patriotism and nationalism, he made it mandatory for all cinema halls in india to play the national anthem before a movie begins, with those present in the hall obliged to stand up to show respect.
what nextthe supreme court bench headed by him is seized of some very important cases, which include reforms in the bcci, plea seeking a refund for sahara investors, the delhi december 16 gangrape-cum-murder, entry of women into keralas sabarimala temple and the cauvery water-sharing dispute.
by the wayhe can quote extempore from shakespeares works.
16.
sushma swaraj, 65external affairs minister(rank 2016: 10)whydespite her ill-health, she has retained her position as one of the topmost cabinet ministers in the modi government.
though she has not travelled over the last year, barring a few occasions, her inputs are considered key to modis foreign policy.
power punchalthough recovering from a kidney transplant, she has been alert and active on twitter.
responds to requests from indians in distress overseas.
what nexther comeback to active official duty in the coming months.
by the wayshe is an ardent krishna devotee, whose images can be seen all over her house.
17.
shivraj singh chouhan, 58chief minister, madhya pradesh(rank 2016: 23)whyhas spent more time in the chief ministers office than any politician in the history of the state, which was once a congress stronghold.
the bjp has won two assembly elections projecting him as the cm.
has even busted the myth that the cm on whose watch the simhastha kumbh is held always loses the seat.
power punchhaving ridden the vyapam scam, there appears to be no challenger to the chief minister as of now.
what nextwith the assembly elections more than a year away in madhya pradesh, there are rumours about his elevation to delhi as a union minister.
by the waywhenever possible, chouhan loves to take a dip in the narmada.
18.
devendra gangadhar fadnavis, 46chief minister, maharashtra(rank 2016: 25)whyfrom policy decisions in maharashtra to drawing up the bjps political strategy, fadnavis remains the go-to man.
has mastered the art of dealing with ally shiv sena, which often plays the role of an aggressive opposition, as well as rival parties, the congress and the nationalist congress party.
power punchunder him, the bjp won 10 municipal corporation elections, 25 zila parishad and 284 panchayat seats.
what nextto tackle the shiv sena, which is more aggressive after the bjps success in the civic polls.
his aim to carry out socio-economic reforms in the state will also be tested.
by the wayhe likes gola bhat and phodnichi poli.
19.
nitin gadkari, 59union minister, road transport and highways(rank 2016: 20)whyhe continues to be one of the top performers in the council of ministers with the reputation of being a doer.
modi is said to openly praise him in ministerial and secretary-level meetings.
some in the party say modi uses gadkaris proximity to the rss leadership to bring nagpur on board on certain issues.
given the governments infrastructure push, he is in charge of a key ministry.
power punchwith the bjp eight short of the magic figure of 21 seats in the 40-member goa assembly, it was gadkari who worked the phones overtime and got mlas to side with the party, completely outsmarting the congress.
what nextafter the success in goa, his stock in the party has gone up.
by the wayenjoys spicy food and his favourite dish is pataudi, a popular preparation from nagpur.
20.
amarinder singh, 75chief minister, punjab(new entry)whya scion of the patiala royal family, amarinder led the congress to its only decisive victory in the assembly elections held this year.
is still one of the mass leaders in the congress even as his party loses ground across the country.
power punchgot his way in the party after threatening to leave and form his own outfit.
it led to the ousting of partap singh bajwa, a rahul appointee, from the pcc chief post.
what nextfrom tackling the drug menace to the farm crisis, the new chief minister has several challenges in his second stint at the helm in the border state.
by the way:apart from being an author of several books on military history, amarinder loves gardening.
21.
venkaiah naidu, 67union minister, i&b, urban development(rank 2016: 37)whyamong the most vocal in narendra modis cabinet, naidu handles the ministry of information and broadcasting and the ministry of urban development, which is overseeing the pms ambitious smart cities project.
naidu continues to have the faith of the party and the prime minister, whom he promotes at every opportunity, defining modi as making of developed india.
power punchafter the bjps resounding victory in uttar pradesh, naidu was chosen as the observer from delhi in the panel to elect the chief minister.
as rumours abound that yogi adityanath threatened to walk out with a large number of mlas if not elected the cm, naidu is one of the few who knows what really happened.
what nextwith defence minister manohar parrikar back in goa and the presidential election coming up, naidu may be in the fray for a promotion, one way or the other.
by the waythroughout his career, naidu has had narrow escapes in nine aircraft mishaps, involving helicopters and aircrafts.
22.
krishna gopal, 61joint secretary (sahsarkaryavah), rss(rank 2016: 69)whyas the rss in-charge of the bjp, he is the official liason between the two.
the up native also helped galvanise swayamsevaks for the recent assembly elections.
as mentor of samkalp, a delhi-based rss coaching institute for the civil services exam, he is the driving force behind the sanghs efforts to get those aligned to its ideology into the bureaucracy.
power punchis privy to most major political decisions at the centre.
what nexthas been looking to have more hold over the politics of up but faces a challenge from fellow sahsarkaryavah dattatreya hosabale, who is senior to him and whose base is in lucknow these days.
was also kept in the dark on the decision to appoint yogi adityanath as up cm.
by the wayprefers gur (jaggery) as dessert.
23.
vasundhara raje, 64chief minister, rajasthan(rank 2016: 22)whycontinues to remain the bjps most powerful and popular face in rajasthan.
with the lalit modi controversy and the mining scam case firmly behind her, raje has managed to hold her ground in the state despite frequent demands for quota by the gurjars and a fractious relationship with the rss and its affiliates.
power punchraje has managed to quell the rebellion within the party  five-time bjp mla ghanshyam tiwari had publicly urged the central leadership to remove her  and emerge on top.
what nextwith polls to the state assembly due next year, all eyes will be on whether she manages to repeat her 2013 feat in the face of anti-incumbency.
by the wayraje has been presenting the state budget on march 8 for a couple of years now.
besides being international womens day, it is also her birthday.
24.
nripendra misra, 72principal secretary to the prime minister(rank 2016: 39)whyeyebrows were raised in may 2014 when modi promulgated an ordinance to appoint the retired up cadre ias officer as his principal secretary.
however, misra has proved his worth and remains one of the two most powerful people in the current administration.
in all policy matters and cabinet decisions, misras inputs play a key role, be it the jan dhan scheme, subsidies or the ujjawala scheme.
power punchthe pms pet project on rural housing saw misra oversee the rural development ministry successfully complete the target of 33 lakh houses for this financial year.
what nextwith polls done, he will push for deliveries on key reforms, including disinvestment.
by the waymisra likes to take a walk at 5.
30 am and listen to his favourite singer, geeta dutt, before sleeping.
25.
subramanian swamy, 77bjp leader(rank 2016: 90)whythere is no telling who the pugnacious bjp leader will choose as the target of his swipes  the gandhi family, p chidambaram, raghuram rajan, or even party colleague arun jaitley.
after his nomination to the rajya sabha, swamy served a notice for a discussion in the house on the agustawestland helicopter deal.
power punchhis twitter tirade against jaitley left the party squirming, but he came out unscathed.
what nextwith bjp in power in up, he is actively pursuing the ram temple matter in the supreme court.
by the wayhis wife roxna has just written a biography of her husband, which every publisher approached has been too timid to publish.
as a result, she has decided to publish it herself.
26.
p k mishra, 67additional principal secretary to pm(rank 2016:32)whyif nripendra misra is modis policy person, pk mishra, nicknamed pk, is the man for governance.
unlike the flamboyant misra, pk is a behind-the-scenes operator.
considered more powerful than even union ministers, he was principal secretary to modi in gujarat till 2004.
known to come down hard on officers who do not meet the pms expectations.
power punchbe it the powerful cabinet committee on appointments or appointing heads to psus, mishra has the last word.
what nextmishras understanding of grassroots conditions and the agriculture sector are assets at a time when the modi government is reaching out to farmers and the poorer sections.
by the waymishra is often seen in half-sleeved shirts, even in high-profile meetings.
27.
ravi shankar prasad, 63union minister, law and justice(new entry)whybecause he made a comeback into the top echelons of the government in the july 2016 reshuffle, getting back the prestigious law and justice portfolio.
he is also the bjps go-to man for hard-selling the governments or the partys point of view.
power punchgetting the supreme court collegium to agree to yield to most of the contentious clauses in the draft memorandum of procedure (mop), over which the previous cji, ts thakur, and the government had disagreed.
what nextworking with the higher judiciary to fill the large number of vacancies in the high courts.
by the wayprasad likes to return home from wherever he is travelling in india, and clears pending files late in the night.
28.
prakash javadekar, 66human resource development minister(new entry)whyunder him, the hrd ministry has managed to keep away from controversies.
in the last six months, he has resolved all differences between his ministry and the prime ministers office and expedited decisions regarding the iim bill.
that apart, javadekar has worked on clearing the backlog of appointments and pushed ugc to approve regulations on setting up world-class institutions,which is the prime ministers pet education project.
power punchamong the bjps biggest gains in the recently concluded assembly elections was in manipur, where javadekar was the party in-charge.
what nextas hrd minister, javadekars next big assignment is to revamp the university grants commission.
by the wayloves listening to music.
often plays songs on his tablet while working.
29.
s jaishankar, 62foreign secretary(rank 2016: 33)whyhandled mea in the absence of the minister; is the brains trust for foreign affairs in pmo.
power punchreached out to key members of the trump administration.
what nextcracking the ice with pakistan and warming up to washington.
by the waymet ajit doval only once before he became foreign secretary.
30.
dharmendra pradhan, 47union minister for petroleum and natural gas(new entry)whyseen as an alternative to chief minister naveen patnaik.
his ministry handed out lpg connections in up.
he also shares credit for the bjps sweep in state assembly elections.
the prime minister has praised him for pushing his development agenda.
power punchdespite bjds grip over odisha, pradhan led state bjp to a victory in februarys zila parishad polls.
what nextseen as the best bet in odisha, pradhan aims to take on the bjd in next years polls.
by the waywhile travelling, pradhan packs his own luggage.
31.
general bipin rawat, 59army chief(new entry)whygeneral rawat speaks his mind  he justified the sahayak system, warned soldiers against taking to social media to air grievances, and re-invoked the cold start doctrine.
power punchhe doesnt hold back on any subject  he declared public supporters of kashmir militants be treated as enemies, for example.
what nexthe will have to resolve the turf war between the army and the government over the implementation of the pay commission recommendations.
by the waycarries a basic nokia model phone and answers calls himself.
32.
virat kohli, 28captain, indian cricket team(rank 2016: 42)whythe only batsman to average over 50 in all three forms of the game, the bradman-esque kohli is now also the captain in all three cricketing formats.
power punchbecame the first batsman after bradman to score double centuries in four successive series.
became the first indian sportsperson to sign a rs 100 crore endorsement deal with a single brand  puma.
what nextkohlis all-conquering indian team now heads to foreign shores with a quest to set their away record straight.
plus, the team will have to defend the champions trophy.
by the wayhas a pet beagle called bruno.
33.
arvind kejriwal, 48delhi chief minister(rank 2016: 8)whydrops 25 places after less-than-expected gains in punjab, a failure in goa.
but his brand of urban politics, stressing on schools and hospitals for the poor, is setting the trend for other states.
power punchdoesnt shy away from speaking his mind, even if it means taking on the pm.
was the first one, with mamata, to slam demonetisation.
what nextmunicipal elections in delhi and assembly elections in gujarat, where he wants aap to enter the house.
by the waysince his last nature treatment in bangalore, he has given up instant noodles for home-cooked food.
34.
raman singh, 64chief minister, chhattisgarh(rank 2016: 45)whyhes been cm for 14 years and counting.
power punchshunted out srp kalluri and met activist bela bhatia after she was threatened.
announced 45 lakh smartphones to the poor.
what next2018 assembly elections.
by the waybegins the day with a glass of mattha.
35.
ghulam nabi azad, 67leader of opposition in rajya sabha(rank 2016: 28)whythe gandhi familys go-to man, azad has a soft demeanour and political skills, which have come in handy to forge opposition unity in the rajya sabha.
power punchhe was the instinctive choice of the gandhis when poll strategist prashant kishor reportedly wanted madhusudan mistry removed as uttar pradesh polls in-charge.
what nexthas the tricky task of keeping the opposition united in the rajya sabha.
by the wayhe likes to play golf.
the lawn at his official residence turns into a mini golf course once in a while.
36.
mehbooba mufti, 57chief minister, jammu & kashmir(rank 2016: 14)whyas cm of jammu and kashmir and with her party, the pdp, in a coalition with the bjp, she has, as her predecessor omar abdullah said recently, the most difficult job in india to handle.
power punchover the last six months, she has tightened her grip on the party by elevating several members of the mufti clan to the top posts.
what nextshe has to walk a tightrope between her basic political instincts and the demands of her coalition partner.
summer in the restive valley is her challenge.
by the waya fitness enthusiast, she has a gym at her srinagar residence.
37.
himanta biswa sarma, 48cabinet minister, assam convenor neda(new entry)whyone of the key figures behind bjps stunning victory in the 2016 assam elections.
he was also appointed convenor of the north-east democratic alliance (neda).
power punchhis neda engineered the first bjp government in arunachal pradesh by getting the entire congress to defect to the party.
what nextbuilding on the bjps growing footprint in the northeast.
by the waysarma is also a writer.
his two books, samagata samay (2014) and anya ek dristikon (2016), have run into several editions.
38.
siddaramaiah, 68chief minister, karnataka(rank 2016: 54)whythe cm  having joined the party just over a decade ago  has been able to shrug off allegations of corruption and remains the unchallenged leader of the congress party in the state.
power punchfollowing the sc orders in 2016 to release cauvery waters to tamil nadu, he defused tensions by co-opting opposition parties in the crisis resolution process.
what nextassembly elections in 2018  the polls will be a test of his governance.
by the waysiddaramaiah did not go to school until he was 10 years old, but was the first person from his village to get a bachelors degree.
39.
arvind subramanian, 57chief economic adviser(rank 2016: 38)whyproposed the public sector asset rehabilitation agency to tackle banks non-performing assets.
was also behind the universal basic income proposal in the economic survey this year.
power punchwith standard & poors ruling out an upgrade in the countrys rating, citing indias low per capita gdp, he slammed rating agencies for their inconsistent and poor standards.
what nexthis idea of universal basic income was supported by arun jaitley, who hopes to introduce it next year.
by the wayhe is fond of american literature.
40.
ram madhav, 52general secretary, bjp(rank 2016: 70)whyafter turning the tide for the bjp in assam and j&k, madhav has now delivered manipur for the party, despite not getting a majority in the state.
he is considered to be among the few to have direct access to both the pm and rss chief mohan bhagwat.
power punchhis manipur strategy pushed the partys tally from a mere two to 21 seats in the state assembly.
what nextmadhavs next stop is meghalaya.
known as the general secretary with the midas touch, he is seen by many as a successor to amit shah, if the latter moves to gujarat.
by the wayan avid reader, he has over 4,000 books in his personal library.
41.
urjit patel, 53governor, reserve bank of india(new entry)whyas the rbi governor, he steers banking and monetary policies which influence the countrys economy.
the rbis decision to approve demonetisation, however, came under criticism, with patel, a low-profile and media-shy governor, also facing flak for not communicating its policies to the public.
power punchthe rbi board cleared the demonetisation proposal within two months of patels elevation as governor in september 2016.
what nextwill have to tackle inflation and boost growth at the same time, while bringing down bad loans.
details on demonetisation are yet to be announced.
by the waypatel was born in kenya, where his father owned a spare parts business.
42.
lalu prasad, 70rjd chief(rank 2016: 26)whylalu prasads rjd holds equal weight in the ruling alliance in bihar.
he continues to command support of his core muslim-yadav vote base.
power punchduring the uttar pradesh elections, lalu made it evident that he did not want nitish to be part of any alliance against mulayam singh yadav.
the jd(u) eventually didnt contest.
what nexthis obvious goal is to see his son, the deputy cm tejashwi prasad yadav, as bihar chief minister.
his perfect political proposition appears to be to have nitish at the centre and his son in bihar.
by the waylalu prasad tells his social media managers to keep his posts raw and rustic.
43.
mukul rohatgi, 61attorney general of india(new entry)whyafter presidents rule in uttarakhand and arunachal pradesh, the centres top law officer has bounced back.
he got the sc to offer a sympathetic ear to the centres arguments in cases such as demonetisation and aadhaar.
power punchhis reappointment when his term ends in june is considered a certainty.
what nextlikely to assist the apex court in two important cases: aadhaar and the assam citizenship law.
by the wayhe loves expensive cars and is known to own many.
44.
fali s nariman, 88constitutional jurist(rank 2016: 48)whycontinues to be one of the most respected voices in the supreme court.
often appointed as the amicus curiae in many cases.
power punchdespite the scs wish, he stayed away from the matter of bcci reforms.
what nextassisting the sc in deciding whether a state and persons holding public offices could make statements about a crime which may affect the morale of the victim and has a negative impact on society.
by the wayadmits that as far as zoroastrianism is concerned, his son, justice rohington nariman, is more knowledgable than him.
45.
pinarayi vijayan, 73chief minister, kerala(new entry)whyis the undisputed leader of the cpi (m) in the state, where its called the pinarayi vijayan government rather than an ldf one.
power punchdespite staunch opposition from right-wing organisations, vijayan went ahead and addressed a communal harmony rally in mangalore in february.
what nextvijayan will have to prove his mettle as an able administrator.
nine months into his tenure, the government has been hit by law and order issues.
by the wayfond of films, he is a big fan of action movies.
46.
ramdev, 51yoga guru(rank 2016: 27)whypatanjali is the most influential swadeshi brand today and as its he-ad, ramdev serves a popular mix of yoga, hindu nationalism and fmcg.
he frequently steps into politics and hobnobs with the most powerful men in the current establishment.
power punchhas expanded his business from rs 2,000 crore in 2014 to rs 5,000 crore now.
his naturopathy centre in haridwar, inaugurated by arun jaitley, is now a vvip facility, charging up to rs 50,000 per day.
what nextto get his business to touch the rs 1 lakh crore mark.
by the waypatanjali outlets are there even in areas such as dandakaranya.
47.
vinod rai, 68chairman, bcci committee of administrators(new entry)whyhe had an eventful stint under the upa as cag.
in the nda government, he has been brought in to fix psu banks, and is now working to implement structural reforms in the way cricket is run in the country.
power punchhe reported abnormal increase in expenditure at padmanabh-aswamy temple and missing gold valued at rs 186 crore that stunned the travancore royal family.
what nextthe reforms in cricket from the top body to different state cricket associations would be his immediate focus.
by the wayhe likes trekking in the hills.
48.
chandrababu naidu, 66chief minister, andhra pradesh(rank 2016: 44)whysince the 2014 bifurcation, naidu has led and built andhra pradesh from scratch.
his land pooling strategy for the new capital, amaravati, is now considered a model for land acquisition.
power punchdespite a resource crunch and the centre refusing to award the state special category status, naidu went ahead with amaravatis construction.
what nextestablishing visakhapatnam as an it hub to rival hyderabad.
by the wayhe loves yellow shirts  the party colour  and always carries at least three crisp ironed shirts with him wherever he goes.
49.
ratan tata, 79chairman emeritus, tata sons(rank 2016: 35)whymanaged to oust cyrus mistry as tata sons chairman, after expressing unhappiness over his management style and functioning.
power punchmistry, whose family is the largest single party shareholder in tata sons, was later removed from boards of various group companies and tata trust.
what nexttata will now have to ensure that there is stability at the top or investor confidence in group companies may decline.
by the wayother than automobiles and aviation, tata also has aninterest in scuba diving and architectural design.
50.
mayawati, 61president, bahujan samaj party(rank 2016: 30)whydespite her partys poor performance in the up assembly elections, mayawati remains a prominent voice among bjps opponents.
power punchher allegations saying tampering of evms was the reason for bjps victory have now been backed by other parties.
mayawati has also said she would move courts for an inquiry.
what nextwith the bsps tally in the assembly now reduced to just 19 seats, she must keep her party united in the face of criticism.
she is also likely to lose her berth in the rajya sabha next year and would need the support of either the sp or the bjp to get re-elected.
by the waydrafts her own speeches and press statements.
im scared, said nancy joseph, a 23-year-old law student from south sudan.
that fear keeps her from visiting friends at night.
(source: ap) im scared, said nancy joseph, a 23-year-old law student from south sudan.
that fear keeps her from visiting friends at night.
(source: ap)fear and anger.
those are the emotions that shadow odole emmanuel opeyemi every time the nigerian man steps out of his new delhi apartment.
every encounter is fraught with those feelings, whether hes taking an auto-rickshaw or the metro, buying vegetables or trying to find a spot to park his car.
when i sit down in the metro, people sit away from me.
even old men and women will stand up as if any contact with me will give them a disease, he said, describing the mixture of fear and revulsion with which most in india treat africans.
opeyemi is among hundreds of thousands of africans in india, drawn by better education and work opportunities.
for them rampant racism is a daily battle in a country where their dark skin places them at the lower end of a series of strictly observed social hierarchies.
africans are routinely perceived as either prostitutes or drug dealers.
the daily indignities that africans suffer usually go undocumented both by the police and local media.
that changed on may 20, when congolese student masunda kitada oliver was fatally attacked in a dispute over hiring an autorickshaw in new delhi.
three men who insisted they had hired the vehicle beat him up and hit him on the head with a rock, killing him, according to police.
the death made the citys african students, diplomats and business owners rally together demanding quick justice.
the african heads of mission in new delhi issued a statement asking the government to address racism and afro-phobia in the country.
given the pervading climate of fear and insecurity in delhi, the african heads of mission are left with little option than to consider recommending to their governments not to send new students to india, unless and until their safety can be guaranteed, the statement said.
the killing and the outrage it sparked drew an unusually prompt reaction from local police and indias foreign ministry.
two men suspected in the attack were arrested within a day, while a third remains at large.
minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that her ministry asked for stringent action against the culprits.
but the ministry also said all criminal acts involving africans should not be seen as racial in nature.
the bad press the country got as a result of the killing prompted indias glacial government machinery to move quickly to try to address the issue.
an india-africa art exhibition was cobbled together at government expense and on short notice.
a protest planned by african students in the indian capital was put off after government officials reached out to african student groups.
the police and government began holding workshops in neighborhoods across the city to try to sensitize local residents about their african neighbors.
there were other well publicized examples of anti-african prejudice in india before olivers death.
in february, a tanzanian woman was beaten and stripped naked by a mob in the southern city of bangalore after a sudanese students car hit an indian woman.
in september 2014, a video of three african men being beaten inside a security booth at a new delhi metro station went viral.
for several minutes a large mob beat the men with bare hands and sticks and shoes as they climbed up the walls of the glass booth in terror.
the police were absent.
these incidents made it to the local newspapers.
hundreds more do not.
watch video: whats making newsprejudice is open in india.
the matrimonial columns of the newspaper are strictly segregated along caste lines.
landlords in cities including new delhi and mumbai deny homes to people based on race and religion.
indians from northeastern india are routinely harassed and have to endure being called names on the streets.
but the worst kind of discrimination is reserved for the africans.
in a country obsessed with fair skin and skin lightening beauty treatments, their dark skin draws a mixture of fear and ridicule.
landlords shun africans in all but the poorest neighborhoods, and in those they are charged unusually high rent.
african students in the new delhi neighborhood of chhatarapur reported paying rs 15,000 ($225) a month for a single room and bathroom that would normally rent for rs 6,000 to rs 7,000.
strangers point at them and laugh or gang up and assault them.
at a recent racial sensitization session in chhatarapur, the mutual distrust between the indian landlords and their african tenants was glaring.
im scared, said nancy joseph, a 23-year-old law student from south sudan.
that fear keeps her from visiting friends at night.
the autorickshaw driver may refuse to take her.
groups of indian men could gather and call her vile names just for fun.
delhi is the worst city ive ever lived in, said eddie king, a student from nigeria.
(source: ap) delhi is the worst city ive ever lived in, said eddie king, a student from nigeria.
(source: ap)delhi is the worst city ive ever lived in, said eddie king, a student from nigeria.
he hasnt made a single friend in the year that he has spent in the country.
i cant talk to my classmates.
they wont even answer me.
they pretend they dont understand.
the landlords say african tenants drink all day and play loud music all night, characterizations that africans dismiss as unfair.
they stand drinking beer on the road.
we feel scared crossing the area, landlord umed singh said.
whether this session succeeded in sensitizing anyone was unclear.
police simply told both sides to try to understand each other.
king said hell leave india as soon as he finishes his studies next year.
the african man cannot work with indians.
thats just the truth, he said.
opeyemi, a 34-year-old soccer coach, said he will stay.
its easier for him to earn a living here than in nigeria, so he will endure the indignities.
those include hearing someone call out habshi!
, the hindi word for a black person, as he tries to get on a bus.
recently, as he tried to park his car, someone called him bandar, a monkey.
the security was looking but they said nothing, opeyemi said.
we are scared.
we dont fight back because we know what will happen, he said, they will break your head with a brick.
yogi adityanath to take oath as uttar pradesh cm todaybjp, after a day long suspense, decided to elect firebrand leader yogi adityanath for the post of chief minister.
the controversial mp from gorakhpur will head the saffron partys first government in the state in 15 years.
keshav prasad maurya and dinesh sharma have been elected by the party leaders as deputy chief ministers of the state.
the hardline hindutva leader will be sworn in as the cm on sunday.
read morejat agitation: no metro services in ncr, 12 city stationsimage for representational purpose image for representational purposeahead of mondays jat agitation, the delhi police have directed dmrc to shut down metro services to gurgaon and noida regions.
in a move that is likely to affect over thousands of commuters, operations in 12 central delhi stations will also be shut down as well.
trains to gurgaon, noida, faridabad and ghaziabad will stop running after 11 pm on sunday.
read moreindia vs australia, 3rd test: cheteshwar pujara, wriddhiman saha give india solid start on day 4cheteshwar pujara is on his way to score 150.
reuters cheteshwar pujara is on his way to score 150.
reutersindia started strong on day four of the test match against australia with both cheteshwar pujara and wriddhiman saha withstanding the bowling attack.
in the first hour of the days session, the duo added 31 runs on the scoreboard.
in the second over of the days play, saha was caught lbw by pat cummins.
but the wicket-keeper batsmen was saved by a drs review, which showed the ball skimming away from the leg stumps, and the referee changed his decision.
for live updates on day four, read heredonald trump looks forward to enhancing understanding with china: rex tillersonchinese president xi jinping (r) shakes hands with u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson before their meeting at at the great hall of the people on march 19, 2017 in beijing, china.
reuters/lintao zhang/pool chinese president xi jinping (r) shakes hands with u.s. secretary of state rex tillerson before their meeting at at the great hall of the people on march 19, 2017 in beijing, china.
reuters/lintao zhang/poolmeeting chinese president xi jinping in beijing, us secretary of state rex tillerson said us president donald trump is loooking forward to enhancing ties with china.
tillerson also expressed trumps desire to visit the country.
the china president also expressed his satisfaction with tillersons visit and hoped the two nations will move towards constructive bilateral relations.
read moremissing nizamuddin dargah clerics to come back to delhi tomorrow, says sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister on sunday confirmed that the two missing clerics of hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who went missing from karachi, will return to delhi on monday.
swaraj wrote on twitter that she has spoken to syed nazim ali nizami in karachi who has told her that both the clerics are safe.
swaraj had earlier sought help from pakistan pms adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz in tracing the clerics.
srinivas kuchibhotla, 32, who worked in aviation systems for olathe-based garmin ltd, and his colleague alok madasani, 32, were having a drink at a local bar-and-grill when they had an altercation with the shooter.
srinivas kuchibhotla, 32, who worked in aviation systems for olathe-based garmin ltd, and his colleague alok madasani, 32, were having a drink at a local bar-and-grill when they had an altercation with the shooter.
in a suspected hate crime, an indian engineer was killed and another was injured after an american navy veteran allegedly opened fire on them in a bar in kansas city, shouting terrorist and get out of my country, at around 7:15 pm (local us time) on wednesday.
an american who tried to intervene was also injured in the attack.
according to the kansas city star newspaper, srinivas kuchibhotla, 32, who worked in aviation systems for olathe-based garmin ltd, and his colleague alok reddy madasani, 32, were having a drink at a local bar-and-grill when they had an altercation with the shooter, adam purinton, 51, who reportedly shouted racial slurs.
purinton provoked them into an argument, questioning their presence and work in the us, and asking them how they were better than him, said the report.
also read: kansas bar shooting: they were super nice guys, says bartender about indians attacked in baraccording to the police, purinton left the bar after the argument and then returned with a gun.
he reportedly shouted get out of my country and terrorist before shooting them, killing kuchibhotla and injuring madasani.
an american national, ian grillot, 24, who tried to intervene was injured in the attack.
purinton was arrested five hours after the incident and charged with murder and attempted murder.
the 24-year old american ian grillot tried to take the gun away from the shooter at kansas city bar where one indian died in an alleged hate crime.
(scereengrab via youtube) the 24-year old american ian grillot tried to take the gun away from the shooter at kansas city bar where one indian died in an alleged hate crime.
(scereengrab via youtube)kansas city star said purinton, a navy veteran with an inactive pilot licence, told a bartender in clinton, missouri, where he was hiding after the shooting, that he had killed two middle eastern persons.
he has been charged with premeditated first-degree murder and his bond has been set at $2 million.
the shooter worked as an air traffic controller in olathe.
he earlier worked at the federal aviation administration, but left in 2000, kansas city star reported.
the attacker.
the attacker.
purinton had a reputation as both a troubled man and a typical helpful neighbour.
he could often be seen outside, beer in hand, and would complain about his health and grieve about his fathers death about a year ago, kansas city star reported.
i never saw his temper or anything like that, said michael shimeall, who moved to purintons neighborhood in 2009 and became friendly with the man, who, some say, could be reclusive.
hed come out and talk, but he was usually pretty inebriated, said beverly morris, who has lived next door to purinton for nearly two decades.
ive never seen him drink hard liquor, but lots of beer.
in an interview from his hospital, grillot said that he hid behind a table when purinton opened fire.
he counted the gunshots and when he thought the shooter was out of bullets, he jumped up to stop him.
but purinton still had one round left, and he used it to shoot at grillot.
the bullet went through his hand and into his chest.
im just very grateful that one of the gentlemen is fine and alive.
its terrible what happened to his friend.
but i think he was watching over us last night, he said.
grillot said he learned that madasanis wife is five months pregnant and that he considers the engineer his new best friend.
the local authorities refused to say whether the shooting was a hate crime, although local police said they were working with the fbi to investigate the case.
it was a tragic and senseless act of violence, olathe police chief steven menke was quoted as saying.
the fbi is investigating to determine if the shooting of kuchibhotla was a bias-motivated hate crime in violation of the victims civil rights, eric jackson, special agent in charge of the fbis kansas city office told reporters at a news conference.
asked if the presence of federal authorities indicated the shooting could be considered a hate crime, jackson said it was too early to determine.
this is the first suspected racist attack involving an indian victim since us president donald trump assumed office last month.
last month, the baltimore sun had reported that an indian-american woman, reportedly the inspiration for hindi film swades, was stopped by police during her morning stroll in her hometown and questioned about her immigration status.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family, she tweeted.
i have spoken to indian ambassador in us mr navtej sarna.
he informed me that two indian embassy officials have rushed to kansas, she said.
the ministry of external affairs official spokesperson, vikas swarup, said kuchibhotla and madasani hailed from hyderabad and warangal respectively, and were working at garmin in olathe (kansas).
houston deputy consul r d joshi and vice consul harpal singh will meet the injured and facilitate in bringing the mortal remains of the deceased.
they will be in touch with local police officials to ascertain more details of the incident and monitor follow-up action, said swarup.
they will also meet the community members in kansas, he said.
according to garmin, kuchibhotla and madasani worked in the companys aviation systems.
unfortunately, two associates on our aviation systems engineering team, srinivas kuchibhotla and alok madasani, were shot.
we are devastated to inform you that srinivas passed away and alok is currently recovering in the hospital, garmin said.
the us embassy in new delhi condemned the incident and said american authorities would thoroughly investigate and bring the case to justice.
we are deeply saddened by this tragic and senseless act.
our deepest sympathies are with the victims and their families.
the us is a nation of immigrants and welcomes people from across the world to visit, work, study, and live us authorities will investigate thoroughly and prosecute the case, though we recognise that justice is small consolation to families in grief, said us charg daffaires marykay carlson.
b'in a bid to defuse tension,home minister p chidambaram on monday spoke to bjp leader arun jaitley and chief minister omar abdullah after j-k authorities stopped bjp leaders at jammu airport ahead of a planned hoisting of tricolour in srinagars lal chowk on republic day.
chidambaram phoned omar and took stock of the situation arising out of the arrival of jaitley and party colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and ananth kumar at the jammu airport and the decision of local authorities not to allow them to enter the city,sources said.
the chief minister told the home minister that the two top bjp leaders would not be allowed to attend a public rally in jammu as part of the bjps controversial ekta yatra.
following chidambarams request,omar agreed to send state chief secretary s s kapoor and dgp kuldip khoda to talk to jaitley and swaraj and persuade them to abandon their plan.
in his conversation with jaitley,chidambaram requested him to respect the wishes of the chief minister and return to delhi to defuse tension in the state,they said.
efforts are also being made to allow jaitley and swaraj to speak to a small group of people and a few journalists before their return to the national capital,the sources said.
the issue of radicalisation is not limited to jammu and kashmir but other states as well and the entire world too, she said in the lok sabha.
she, however, did not specify where they have gone.
she said the centre has already launched an anti-radicalisation programme with states to ensure that the youths are not misled.
the minister credited the indian ethos and culture for the minimal damage radicalisation has caused in india.
she said secularism, the watchful eyes of parents and the belief that violence is not good, have helped the country.
besides de-radicalisation, cross-border terrorism would be the other topic of the conference.
she said the government would consider the positive suggestion of asaduddin owaisi (aimim) that ulemas (muslim scholars) of asean countries should also be invited as they have successfully helped check radicalisation in their respective nations.
prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)us president barack obama will leave office on friday as donald trump prepares to take oath as the 45th president of the united states.
as obama steps down, prime minister narendra modi will become the most followed leader of state on social media platforms including twitter, facebook, youtube and google+.
pm modi, who joined twitter in the year 2009, has over 26.
5 million followers on the microblogging site while on facebook, the numbers reach over 39.
2 million.
obama, with 80.
7 million followers, is currently the only leader of state with more followers than pm modi.
even trump, who is known for making headlines because of his tweets, has less followers than pm modi (20.
5 million).
below is pm modis follower base on various social media platforms:twitter: 26.
5 millionfacebook: 39.
2 milliongoogle+: 3.
2 millionlinkedin: 1.
99 millioninstagram: 5.
8 millionyoutube: 5.
91 lakhduring the 2014 parliamentary elections, pm modi and the bjp had used social media, especially twitter and facebook, effectively to reach out to potential voters.
after voted to power, many of the ministers in the union cabinet including rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and suresh prabhu have used social media to resolve issues and make statements.
through the digital india programme, the modi government has stressed on improving online infrastructure and increasing internet penetration.
during his last visit to the us, pm modi had met several tech ceos including google head sundar pichai and facebook founder mark zuckerberg.
b'indias ambassador to afghanistan, manpreet vohra, met with top security officials in kabul on friday, as the countrys security services launched a massive effort to seek out the 40-year-old dsouza.
indias ambassador to afghanistan, manpreet vohra, met with top security officials in kabul on friday, as the countrys security services launched a massive effort to seek out the 40-year-old dsouza.
investigators working on the thursday night disappearance of indian aid worker judith dsouza believe she is being held by one of several organised crime cartels who have earned millions of dollars in ransom from kidnapping foreign nationals, intelligence and police sources have told the indian express.
read | in kolkata, judith dsouzas family in shock: she was coming home in 5 daysthe kidnappers, the sources said, spoke pashto with an accent that suggested they were from the shomali plains, a plateau that was once among the countrys most fertile areas, but was reduced to a desert in the course of decades of war.
two men have been detained for questioning.
dsouza, a kolkata resident, is a gender specialist with the aga khan foundation  part of the aga khan development network, which has funneled almost $750 million into the war-torn countrys reconstruction.
read | kolkata woman abducted in kabul has 15 years experience in social sectorindias ambassador to afghanistan, manpreet vohra, met with top security officials in kabul on friday, as the countrys security services launched a massive effort to seek out the 40-year-old dsouza.
watch video: whats making newsexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took to twitter friday to assure dsouzas family that the government will spare no effort to rescue her.
the aga khan foundation and the indian mission are coordinating their efforts to secure her release, a senior indian diplomat in kabul said.
frankly, the less publicity we have, the easier it is going to be.
local criminal gangs have long cashed in the presence of foreigners and affluent afghans in taimani, the area where dsouza lived.
till a police crackdown in 2014, the rival mafia of habib istalif and raees khudaidad  both executed last year  were alleged to be involved in a wave of murders, kidnappings and protection rackets.
this year, however, has seen a renewed surge in kidnappings.
last month, armed gunmen attempted to hijack a vehicle carrying an ngos staff near the qalla-e-fathulla road, where dsouza was kidnapped.
local police said the gunmen appeared to be seeking to steal the vehicle, rather than kidnap its occupants, but diplomatic personnel in kabul had been sceptical of that assessmentthe threat of kidnapping and hostage-taking continues to be very high, the united states embassy in kabul had warned in a strongly worded statement issued after the incident.
last month, the indian mission in afghanistan had also warned indians living there against the risk of kidnapping and hostage taking throughout afghanistan.
indian professionals and aid workers are active in almost all of afghanistans provinces, working on a welter of development projects funded both by their home government and international non-governmental organisations.
both criminal gangs and the taliban have targeted indians  the last incident involving a group of three men working on a construction project who were rescued in 2014 by afghanistans intelligence services.
in 2006, the taliban had executed engineer k suryanarayana, a communications engineer who was working with an afghan cellphone network.
negotiations for the release of foreign aid workers have sometimes lasted years, but there have been cases where their release was secured relatively quickly.
anja debeers, a dutch aid worker kidnapped from taimani in june last year, was released after three months in captivity.
in a statement, debeers said her captors gave me food and drink and i was not mistreated.
in the debeers case, and in a similar incident involving two german aid workers, afghan authorities said ransoms of over $1.
5 million were paid in return for the safe return of the hostages.
elsewhere in the country, too, foreign aid workers have been targeted.
in april, australian aid worker katherine wilson, who had worked in afghanistan for over 20 years, was kidnapped from the city of jalalabad.
wilson ran an organisation that sourced zardozi embroidery work from rural women, for sale in kabul and overseas.
local employees working for international organisations, who are deployed in rural areas where international staff cannot safely work, are among the most vulnerable to attack.
last year, five afghan staff for the international charity save the children were murdered in oruzgan province.
the international ngo safety organisation, which monitors incidents involving aid workers worldwide, says there have been four fatalities, four injuries and 39 kidnappings in afghanistan this year so far-the highest among any of the conflict zones it monitors.
srinivas kuchibhotlas uncle krishnamohan and his aunt at his home in bachutally, hyderabad.
(source: express photo) srinivas kuchibhotlas uncle krishnamohan and his aunt at his home in bachutally, hyderabad.
(source: express photo)srinivas kuchibhotla, the 32-year-old kansas shooting victim, who died thursday night wanted to have a baby this year, said the deceaseds uncle d krishnamohan.
speaking to the indian express, krishnamohan said the family was devastated after a us navy veteran shot kuchibhotla and his colleague alok madasani in olathe, kansas.
the family was happy that they were doing well in us.
they (kuchibhotla and his wife sunayana dumala) were planning to have a baby this year.
and all of a sudden, this happened.
the parents are shattered, he said.
the victims mother has been in and out of consciousness ever since she heard about the incident, he added.
watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineerthe incident took place on thursday when 51-year-old us navy veteran adam purinton opened fire in a crowded suburban bar in olathe after he thought kuchibhotla and madasani were middle eastern.
purinton has been charged with premeditated first-degree murder.
according to witnesses, the shooter yelled, get out of my country before attacking them.
i spoke to alok who has been discharged from the hospital.
he narrated what happened.
they did not instigate anything, said krishnamohan.
kansas shooting victims cousin satish rao (source: express photo) kansas shooting victims cousin satish rao (source: express photo)an aviation engineer at olathe-based technology company garmin, kuchibhotla had moved to us in 2005.
his younger brother sai kishore, too, lives in kansas.
the body will be handed over to tana (telugu association of north america) which will arrange to bring the body back to india, said his cousin satish rao.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had assured help for the family to bring back the body of the deceased.
we will make all arrangements to transport the mortal remains of srinivas kuchibhotla to hyderabad, swaraj had tweeted.
kuchibhotlas body might leave for india friday night or saturday morning.
kansas shooting victims springwoods bungalow at bachutally.
(source: express photo) kansas shooting victims springwoods bungalow at bachutally.
(source: express photo)originally hailing from machilipatnam in andhra pradesh, kuchiboltas family later moved to hyderabad where they are presently residing.
the victims father madhusudhan rao retired from indian drugs and pharmaceuticals ltd as a senior chemist.
kuchibhotla initially started his career with rockwell automation and went out to purchase a bungalow in springwood in the bachutally area of hyderabad.
kuchibhotlas parents have been living there since 2012.
kansas shooting: srinivas kuchibhotlas family at his home in hyderabad.
(source: express photo) kansas shooting: srinivas kuchibhotlas family at his home in hyderabad.
union defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
express photo by amit mehra union defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
express photo by amit mehradefence minister nirmala sitharaman said on tuesday that there is no tension between the navies of india and china in the strategic indian ocean, which has been witnessing increasing activities by the pla navy.
responding to a question on the tussle between china and india in the indian ocean region, sitharaman sought to downplay the issue and said, there was no tension in the indian ocean, in the navy against china.
the indian ocean, considered the backyard of the indian navy, is critical to indias strategic interests.
over the years, the region has witnessed increasing chinese presence.
china increased its presence in the indian ocean region by constructing the deep-sea gwadar port in southern pakistan and a naval base in djibouti in the horn of africa.
the region also has chinese ships deployed for anti-piracy operations.
on april 16, the indian navy on twitter welcomed chinas pla navy in the indian ocean region.
#maritimedomainawareness @indiannavy extends a warm welcome to the 29th anti-piracy escort force (apef) of pla(n) in indian ocean region (ior).
happy hunting @spokespersonmod @defenceminindia @iaf_mcc @adgpi @indiacoastguard @indiandiplomacy, it tweeted.
when asked about her visit to china, and that of prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to that country last month and whether there has been any change in terms of strategy, sitharaman said: we are talking, we are meeting each other  and that is a big change.
the defence personnel of the two countries were locked in a 73-day standoff in doklam area near sikkim last year and it had resulted in tension between the two asian giants.
reacting to reports that there was a directive to the army not to be aggressive on the borders, sitharaman said she was not aware of it.
b'the merger of the ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia) with the ministry of external affairs (mea) will see all issues, except investment promotion  including foreign direct investment  by non-resident indians, get assigned to the foreign ministry.
despite the labour ministry putting up a hard fight for re-allocation of work related to the emigration act and the office of protector general of emigrants (poe), which were taken out of its purview in may 2004 at the time of the formation of moia, the committee of secretaries (cos) decided that both will go to the mea.
the decision followed foreign secretary s jaishankars reiteration that emigrant related issues would be best looked after by a single organisation.
since most of the tasks assigned to moia were performed by indian embassies under the mea, he argued that shifting back poe to labour ministry would result in emigrants dealing with two ministries labour for their registration and departure, and the indian embassies for coordination and facilitation of employment.
this arrangement in which emigrants have to deal with two separate ministries or agencies for their work poses avoidable difficulties, he argued before the cos.
the poe is responsible for issuing registration certificates to recruitment agents, who send workers abroad, especially to the gulf region.
moreover, the mea wanted officials dealing with foreign workers-related issues to have better diplomatic back-up and coordination to deal with emergencies involving indians in various crisis-prone countries in west asia.
at the time of creation of the moia, subjects had been taken out from work handled by economic affairs, home, culture and human resources development.
the subjects that have been denied to the mea are promotion of investment by nris, including innovative investment and policy initiatives particularly in special economic zones and matters relating to fdi.
these have been given to department of industrial policy & promotion.
earlier, these were dealt with by the ministry of commerce.
however, to keep the mea in the loop, the cos decided that the mea will be represented on the foreign investment implementation authority, while the department of commerce will get membership on the foreign investment promotion board.
since moias creation, there have been separate ministers for both ministries.
b'gujarat fishermen central cooperative association limited president veljibhai masani criticised the neighboring countrys authorities for not informing their indian counterparts about the fishermans death in their captivity.
gujarat fishermen central cooperative association limited president veljibhai masani criticised the neighboring countrys authorities for not informing their indian counterparts about the fishermans death in their captivity.
more than three months after a gujarat fisherman jailed in pakistan died, his family has now come to know about the demise as a letter written by one of the deceaseds cellmates reached his wife.
deva rama baraiya (55), a fisherman from kotada village in gujarats gir somnath district, was arrested from the high seas by the pakistani maritime patrolling agencies and put in a karachi jail on february 2, his family members said.
pravin dhansukh chavda, a cellmate of baraiya, had written a letter on april 22 informing about the fishermans death in the prison on march 4, kotada village sarpanch babubhai somabhai had said on sunday.
baraiyas wife kasturiben received the letter on sunday, he said.
chavda is the son-in-law of baraiyas brother and his family too lives in kotada village, the sarpanch said.
pti is in possession of a copy of the letter written by chavda in gujarati.
baraiya is survived by wife, who works as a maid, and six children.
the family is poor and has been distraught since getting the news of baraiyas death, the village head said.
gujarat fishermen central cooperative association limited president veljibhai masani confirmed baraiyas death and requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to raise the matter with the pakistani authorities.
he criticised the neighboring countrys authorities for not informing their indian counterparts about the fishermans death in their captivity.
the gujarat fishermen central cooperative association limited is an apex body of fishermen cooperatives, with the gujarat government being its majority shareholder.
stalin said the fishing rights of indian fishermen cannot be threatened at gun point by sri lankan navy and added that the coast guard had a moral duty to ensure their safety.
stalin said the fishing rights of indian fishermen cannot be threatened at gun point by sri lankan navy and added that the coast guard had a moral duty to ensure their safety.
the dmk on wednesday wrote to the external affairs minister, saying the killing of an indian fisherman allegedly by the sri lankan navy violated agreements arrived at the tripartite talks and has led to the feeling of displeasure against the centre.
terming the march 6 firing as a grave human rights violation and absolutely unlawful, dmk working president m k stalin urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to intervene in the matter and end such incidents.
watch what else is making newsthe brutal killing of indian fisherman k britjo by the sri lankan navy is in total violation of the agreements arrived at the tripartite talks so far held with the fishermen of both countries, he said in a letter to her.
talks between fishermen of the two countries in delhi in november 2016, in which officials of both the nations also took part, had ended in a stalemate.
there is a strong feeling of displeasure that the central government is not forthcoming to protect the lives of indian fishermen despite a series of talks, he said.
he said the killing has sent shock waves and an uncontrollable anger is sweeping the state.
it is a blatant violation of agreements reached after international talks in your presence.
he regretted that sri lanka was in denial mode on this cold-blooded murder and even refuses to take responsibility.
though sri lanka agreed in principle not to harm the indian fishermen, it has shown scant respect to its own commitment solemnly made to india, stalin said.
sri lanka, which had so far arrested and seized boats of fishermen, now had done the extreme and illegal act of killing our fisherman and grievously injuring others, which was unprovoked and unjustifiable firing, he said.
stalin said the fishing rights of indian fishermen cannot be threatened at gun point by sri lankan navy and added that the coast guard had a moral duty to ensure their safety.
seeking her intervention, he said the sri lankan envoy should be summoned and the island nation should be told that killing of fishermen will not be tolerated.
batting for steps to retrieve katchatheevu islet, ceded to the island nation by india in the 1970s, he said it was the only solution for the problems of fishermen.
b'she said because of the sustained efforts, india has received billion (rs 3.
69 lakh crore) in foreign direct investment in the last two years.
she said because of the sustained efforts, india has received billion (rs 3.
69 lakh crore) in foreign direct investment in the last two years.
swaraj addressed an hour-long annual press conference in which she highlighted the achievements of the nda government in the diplomatic spehere in the past one year, dwelling at length on initiatives to expand indias global engagements.
the external affairs minister said government had touched base with 140 countries in the past year and listed indias growing ties with nations in the african continent, countries of the gulf region and pacific islands as major achievements.
watch video | modi govt liberalises fdi regime: all you need to knowindia will reach out to 65 countries to which it will send its ministers.
she said because of the sustained efforts, india has received $55 billion (rs 3.
69 lakh crore) in foreign direct investment in the last two years.
it is an increase of 43 per cent compared to the time when upa was in power.
you have to make effort to get fdi.
the external affairs minsiter said indias ties with the us has improved significantly, adding the government will not undermine national interest while pursuing good relations with that country.
swaraj touched upon a range of issues including governments engagement with the diaspora, indias position on south china sea dispute and targeted killing by suspected islamists in neighbouring bangladesh.
on the issue of south china sea, she said india wants peaceful settlement of the dispute.
she said india will try to build consensus on teesta water agreement with bangladesh for which west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee will have to be taken on board.
it had expired on june 30.
she said no fee will be levied for the merger till december 31.
swaraj particularly highlighted indias increasing engagement with the gulf region and african continent.
she said president pranab mukherjees visit to palestine, israel and jordan and modis trip to uae, saudi arabia, iran and qatar have been very successful.
never such an outreach was intiated (with the gulf region), she said, adding ties with the arab league has also seen significant progress.
talking about ties with african nations, she referred to the india-africa forum summit here in october last year which was attended by 41 heads of government and heads of state.
she also talked about summit with nations of pacific islands in jaipur in august last year to expand ties with the resource-rich region.
she said it is not being organised in libya and yemen due to internal situation in those two countries.
the external affairs minister said she had earlier planned to visit poland to participate in the celebrations but shelved it.
read | uk not yet approached for extradition of mallya, lalit: sushmaabout differences with the us on issues relating to wto, she said it was natural to have divergent views but ties between the two countries were growing significantly.
at the same time, she said india has not abandoned the non-aligned movement (nam).
she said after the process of issuance of passport was simplified, a whopping 1.
03 crore travel documents were issued in the last one year.
when asked about possible reshuffle of the union cabinet, she said it was the prime ministers prerogative.
she also released a book on the governments foreign policy achievements.
b'united nations general assembly president-elect ambassador peter thomson will meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj among others.
(source: file) united nations general assembly president-elect ambassador peter thomson will meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj among others.
(source: file)united nations general assembly president-elect ambassador peter thomson, who arrived in new delhi on saturday night, will hold discussions on united nations security council reforms with the indian leadership.
india has been leading efforts for the early completion of long-pending reforms of the un body.
thomson will meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj among others on monday.
besides unsc reforms, combating terrorism and implementation of the ambitious sustainable development goals (sdgs) will be high on the agenda of these meetings.
in july, the 193-member general assembly had rolled over discussions on reforming the world bodys top organ to its 71st session, which will be presided over by thomson as its president.
indian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level, tweeted sushma.
indian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level, tweeted sushma.
taking strong exception to amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
the minister also asked the indian embassy to take up the matter with amazon canada.
indian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level.
indian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level.
http://t.
co/l4yi3glk3h  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
we will also rescind the visas issued earlier.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017@sushmaswaraj madam.
amazon canada must be censured and warned not to sell india flag doormats.
please take action, tweeted atul bhobe, who also posted a screenshot of the products.
b'the single-minded determination of the bjp leadership,to march to srinagar and hoist the national flag at lal chowk,turned out to be futile.
it is unfortunate that the bjp leaders did not realise that much has changed in kashmir since the tragic visit of jan sangh leader shyama prasad mookerjee in 1953.
lal chowk is,in particular,an extremely sensitive spot with its own history going back to when jawaharlal nehru hoisted the tricolour there in the company of sheikh abdullah and declared that the views of the people of kashmir would be taken into consideration before deciding its future status.
the omar abdullah government took effective measures by stopping the bjp leaders at the jammu airport,and later arresting them and transporting them to kathua.
what did the bjp leadership expect to gain out of this march?
what point were they trying to make to the people of kashmir,or to the country as a whole through this futile exercise?
arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj called the steps taken by the j&k government unconstitutional and illegal.
surely,though,the omar abdullah government could take these steps as a simple application of section 151 of the crpc,as a preventive measure for the maintenance of law and order in the sensitive state.
kashmir is expected to figure prominently in discussions between the indian and pakistani foreign ministers at the saarc summit in bhutan soon.
moreover,the three interlocutors sent by the prime minister to kashmir are yet to complete their work.
even the hurriyat leaders are now willing to meet them and discuss.
after the final report from the interlocutors,the centre has to take up the issues involved with political leaders in j&k for an eventual solution.
as the major opposition party to the upa government,the bjp had taken up important issues like inflation,corruption and so on for an agitational programme all over the country.
these are substantive issues and they should concentrate on them to try to reach the public at all levels.
they should be aware,meanwhile,that the days of the rath yatra,which sparked an emotional upsurge leading to the bjp coming to power cannot be repeated or replicated.
is the bjp leadership upset over swami aseemanands confession and the activities of rss pracharaks like indresh kumar,sunil joshi and so on?
has it occurred to the bjp leadership that they should take up the matter with rss chief mohan bhagwat,and discuss the dangerous implications of all these activities and the need to firmly put an end to them?
bhagwats bland assertion that the rss has no place for extremists does not mean anything unless he specifically condemns the activities of all the pracharaks involved.
the bjps affiliation to the rss is so intimate that the party will have to bear the consequences of any rss pracharaks activities.
it is tragic that,after so many years in politics,and with the next general elections due in about three years,the bjp leaders should not realise what is important and relevant for the people of this country  and for their own partys good and future.
let us consider the manner in which the partys leadership has handled the issue of allegations against their b.s. yeddyurappa-led government in karnataka.
yeddyurappa was almost being given marching orders by the bjp leadership some time back when he was summoned and questioned about the various allegations against him.
however,he was eventually allowed to continue.
the bjp leaders believed that the removal of yeddyurappa,a major lingayat leader,might lead to the bjp losing the state of karnataka for ever.
the governor of karnataka has given his consent for two or three lawyers to file cases against yeddyurappa for his allocation of land to his close relatives which is a grossly irregular act.
the bjp chief,nitin gadkari.
had a strange observation to make.
he said that the act may be immoral but not illegal.
a spokesman of the congress rightly asked whether the bjp leadership was prepared to live with immorality as an acceptable factor.
if the bjp leaders had directed yeddyurappa to step down and allow another bjp leader to take over,it could have added to its credibility.
instead,the bjp leaders are indulging in futile exercises like marching to rashtrapati bhavan to demand the withdrawal of governor h.r. bhardwaj from karnataka.
bjp leaders like arun jaitley should know that the cabinet resolution asking the governor not to give his consent for the prosecution of the cm was not binding on the governor since the cm himself was the concerned person,and the governor had his constitutional powers to give his sanction.
this issue was decided many years back when maharashtra governor idris latif gave his consent for the prosecution of then chief minister a.r. antulay.
sushma swarajs statement came in response to a query by congress member madhusudan mistry made earlier.
(representational image) sushmaswaraj swarajs statement came in response to a query by congress member madhusudan mistry made earlier.
making a statement in the rajya sabha, she said india has taken up the issue with pakistan and has put a policy in place where officials of both countries exchange information about prisoners lodged in each others jails.
she said the last time such an exchange took place was on january 1 this year.
since 2014, we have been able to secure the release of 1,261 fishermen lodged in pakistan jails.
in the last three months, we have secured the release of 438 indian fishermen.
there are a total of 301 indian fishermen currently lodged in pakistan jails, but pakistan has so far confirmed the presence of only 77 of them, swaraj informed the house.
her statement came in response to a query by congress member madhusudan mistry made earlier.
we have institutionalized the mechanism of sharing information about the prisoners, including fishermen, in each others custody through a bilateral protocol in 2008.
under this, lists of prisoners, including fishermen, are exchanged on january 1 and july 1, every year, she said.
the minister said government continuously seeks consular access to indian fishermen in custody and distribute to them the items of daily necessity.
on the issue of many incidents of apprehensions taking place beyond the international waters, she said under the community interaction programme, regular awareness campaigns are conducted by the indian coast guards in coordination with the state fisheries department, to educate the fishermen about the limits of the international maritime boundary line (imbl).
emphasis has also been laid on the need for fishing in safe, secure and sustainable environment.
indian coast guards have also been undertaking enhanced patrolling in indian waters, including safeguarding interests of indian fishermen and keeping them out of harm, she said.
indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was unable to attend the swearing in ceremony of the new cabinet ministers held at rashtrapati bhawan on tuesday.
she tweeted that she would be unable to attend the ceremony since she is scheduled to meet with the foreign minister of hungary.
media  pl avoid the headline : sushmaswaraj skips oath ceremony.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 5, 2016i am unable to attend the swearing in ceremony in rashtrapati bhawan since i have a meeting with foreign minister of hungary.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 5, 2016prime minister narendra modi brought in nineteen new faces to the cabinet along with reshuffling some of the existing faces.
she went on to add a welcome note to those joining the cabinet and followed it up with another tweet reminding the media to avoid using the headline sushmaswaraj skips oath ceremony.
i congratulate and welcome all my colleagues joining the council of ministers.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 5, 2016the portfolios allocated to these ministers will be known in the evening.
the top four  finance, home, external affairs and defence  has not been touched.
b'we shall impress upon narendra modi that he should visit different parts of india, a country just as lovely as the united states or france or china or japan or fiji, and address the people of india who are just as friendly as the bhaiyon aur behnon who had gathered in large numbers at madison square garden or the wembley stadium.
we shall impress upon narendra modi that he should visit different parts of india, a country just as lovely as the united states or france or china or japan or fiji, and address the people of india who are just as friendly as the bhaiyon aur behnon who had gathered in large numbers at madison square garden or the wembley stadium.
i dont like making new year resolutions, but i am happy to make resolutions for others in the sure belief that they will be broken before the week is over.
there is no fun in making resolutions for the poor, the meek or the peacemakers.
it is better to make resolutions for the high and mighty, and watch the fun while they break them.
who or what is the most omnipresent, omnipotent and omniscient entity in the country today?
undoubtedly, the modi government, or so it is believed by a cross-section of the people, especially those who wear bespoken suits, the media, the 281 elected + 2 (nominated) mps of the lok sabha, the happy family called the sangh parivar, the swayamsevaks and the never-say-die bhakhts.
so, indulge me, while i propose some new year resolutions for the government of mr narendra modi.
1.
we shall impress upon the prime minister that he should visit different parts of india, a country just as lovely as the united states or france or china or japan or fiji, and address the people of india who are just as friendly as the bhaiyon aur behnon who had gathered in large numbers at madison square garden or the wembley stadium.
we believe that the 31 per cent of the resident voters who voted for the nda are entitled to see and hear the prime minister as much as the non-resident potential voters.
2.
we shall read the riot act to the compulsive talkers in the government and the party and issue an order that they shall forthwith stop unburdening themselves of their pet theories and edicts.
if they cannot, then, they should do so only in one of two languages  prakrit or pali  and no translations shall be issued to the media.
for the economy3.
we shall temper expectations  and estimates  of gdp growth in small steps.
we erred in taking a giant leap from the original estimate of 8.
5 per cent in january 2015 to 7.
3 per cent in december 2015.
small steps are less noticed.
a small step for the finance minister, a giant step for the economy.
4.
we shall do a mutual change of positions between dr raghuram rajan and dr arvind subramanian.
that will allow dr subramanian, the governor of the rbi, to cut the interest rate (his long cherished desire) and dr rajan, the chief economic adviser, to cut the fiscal deficit (his long cherished desire).
for good governance5.
we shall revise the charters of the main agencies.
the central bureau of investigation (cbi) will be the new national consumer disputes redressal commission (ncdrc); the intelligence bureau (ib) will be the new press information bureau (pib); and the serious frauds investigation office (sfio) will be the new board of control for cricket in india (bcci).
the charters of other agencies will be revised after due consultation with the rss.
6.
we shall adopt the slogan chalo chalein amit shah ke saath in the five state assembly elections of 2016.
since we do not expect to win in any of the five, we dont have to project any one as chief minister.
god unwilling, suppose we win, we shall appoint mr amit shah as the chief minister of that state.
for our friends and unfriends7.
we shall promulgate an ordinance to permit cricket associations (especially rajasthan ca) to have their offices and hold meetings of their executive committee and general body outside india.
this will enable mr lalit modi to attend meetings of the rca on compassionate grounds and disable the enforcement directorate (ed) from searching the venue.
8.
we shall restore the position of a sole municipal corporation for delhi and vest in the mcd all the powers now assigned to the government of the union territory.
between two evenly-empowered functionaries (the lg and the mayor), mr arvind kejriwal will be the odd man.
we shall reserve the right to proclaim martial law in delhi and to appoint the police commissioner as the martial law administrator (mainly to control the traffic, pollution and commissions of inquiry).
9.
we shall persuade the prime minister to grant a free-wheeling interview to the times now channel with one change  the interview will be done by the jain brothers who own the channel.
the nation and the jain brothers want to know what the prime minister thinks of mr arnab goswami.
10.
we shall finally carry out the long-promised cabinet reshuffle: the new portfolios of the top four (who cannot be moved out of north or south blocks) will be: mr rajnath singh, finance minister; ms sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister; mr arun jaitley, defence minister; and mr manohar parrikar, external affairs minister.
so, instead of square pegs in round holes we will have round pegs in square holes.
happy new year!
website: pchidambaram.
external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)a 46-year-old indian has been abducted in malaysia and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed the indian mission in that country to send her a report about the case so that he can be rescued.
we are taking this abduction very seriously.
i have asked indian high commissioner in malaysia to keep me informed on daily basis, she tweeted.
watch what else is in the newsher response came after the family of keshpal singh, who is missing in malaysia for over 20 days, sought her intervention.
@sushmaswaraj ji pls help he has been kidnapped by someone.
he asked for money yesterday#sos malay police isnt helping @meaindia #malaysia, tweeted keshpals son yogendra.
keshpal has been working in malaysian capital kuala lumpur for last five years.
eman ahmed at saifee hospital.
express eman ahmed at saifee hospital.
expressshe has already lost 30 kg, has a new eight-hour sleep cycle and can now even blows kisses to her doctors thanks to improved limb mobility.
in just five days after landing in mumbai, this is the shift so far in eman ahmeds condition.
believed to be the worlds heaviest woman, eman has been admitted at upscale south mumbais saifee hospital, and is being treated for sleep apnea, hypothyroid, diabetes, hypertension, kidney problems, fluid retention and most importantly obesity.
with her first surgery less than three weeks away, doctors said that the main target is to shrink the size of 37-year-old egypt national to able to take her to the operation theatre.
watch video |we need to get her in shape (for the surgery).
the operation table can take the weight of 450 kg but the width of the elevator is only 141 cm.
eman is currently 151 cm (in width), said bariatric surgeon dr muffazal lakdawala under whom eman is being treated.
eman has been put on a high protein and fibre diet to systematically reduce her weight.
doctors have aimed to bring down eman weight by 200 kg in 2017.
she weighed around 500 kg at the time of her admission.
doctors said that eman is on a strict 1,200-calorie per day diet routine, where she wakes up at 7.
30 am and is fed every two hours.
however, doctors claimed to be walking a tight rope as it is important control her calorie content and to balance it out with her kidney condition and the fluid that is being drained out of her body.
eman is on dialysis, added doctors.
fluid collection, which is at least 70-100 kg of her total weight, had made emans skin as hard as a stone, according doctors.
her skin is now soft.
she sleeps between 10-11 pm that help her maintain a sleep cycle balance, lakdawala added.
earlier, eman would only get two-three hours of sleep due to a severe restrictive lung disease that would not allow her to sleep for long.
on the first night that she came here, she did not sleep the entire night even though she was exhausted and tired.
shes been put on a sleep-nap machine, an official claimed.
doctors are contemplating feeding eman using a tube as she is still coughing and they fear she could aspirate (inhale) the food she is being served.
she finds it hard to swallow.
two special pumps (will be used) to feed her through a very tiny tube used to feed infants, the official added.
watch | worlds heaviest woman eman ahmed has already lost 30 kg in 5 dayseman, who is undergoing two sessions of physiotherapy every day, is now able to lift her limbs higher, doctors revealed.
she gets very tired with her two hours of physiotherapy sessions.
there was earlier a chance of her getting a blood clot but now, since we have made her blood thin, there are hardly any chances that.
after a week, she will be used to movementearlier, her hands couldnt go up, but now they have started to come upnow, she has started to blow kisses every day, said lakdawala, adding that her limb mobility is much better.
doctors added that enams lymphedema condition is slowly subsiding and her back sores are also improving.
she is currently placed on a water bed that has reduced the stress to her body and will soon undergo speech therapy.
eman ahmed from egypt who weighs 500 kg brought to saifee hospital in mumbai on saturday morning.
eman was brought from airport in a specially made truck and lifted and carried into the hospital with the help of a crane.
express photo by nirmal harindran, 11th february 2017, mumbai.
eman ahmed from egypt who weighs 500 kg brought to saifee hospital in mumbai on saturday morning.
eman was brought from airport in a specially made truck and lifted and carried into the hospital with the help of a crane.
express photo by nirmal harindran, 11th february 2017, mumbai.
meanwhile, after union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj facilitated the visa process of eman in december 2016, the egypt nationals medical visa is due to expire on march 7.
hospital authorities would soon approach the foreigner regional registration office to renew her medical visa.
dalai lama in tawang.
(source: file photo) dalai lama in tawang.
(source: file photo)upset with the dalai lamas visit to arunachal pradesh, especially tawang, chinese foreign minister wang yi refused to come to delhi to attend the russia-india-china foreign ministers trilateral meeting in april, the indian express has learnt.
sources said the ric ministerial meeting, to be hosted by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, was scheduled to be held in delhi on april 14, but wang refused to come for the meeting.
the indian side tried to accommodate wang and also suggested alternate dates later in april  between april 20 and 30  but the chinese side did not agree to attend the meeting even then.
sources said russian foreign minister sergei lavrov had confirmed his participation and was ready to visit india, but he was asked by the indian side to hold on.
the meeting was finally cancelled.
while beijing officially conveyed that the ministers schedule did not permit him to attend the trilateral meeting, sources said the chinese diplomats made it clear privately that beijing was extremely upset with india over the dalai lamas visit.
sources said this was one of the first actions taken by an angry beijing.
china had summoned the indian ambassador in beijing on april 5 and lodged a strong protest as the dalai lama began his tour of arunachal pradesh.
warning new delhi that beijing would take necessary measures to preserve its territorial sovereignty and legal interests, the chinese ministry of foreign affairs had said the visit by the tibetan spiritual leader could severely damage peace and stability in the region and hurt ties between the two countries.
new delhi had said that the dalai lama was a revered religious leader who had visited arunachal pradesh on half-a-dozen occasions in the past, and had urged that no political colour should be ascribed to his religious and spiritual activities, and his visits to states in india.
india had said no artificial controversy should be created about his visit.
but chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying had said: china will take necessary measures to firmly preserve our own territorial sovereignty and legal interests.
we ask india to stop this wrong behaviour.
taking advantage of the dalai lama harms chinas national interests.
do not speculate and expand the sensitive issues between two countries, do not purposely harm the negotiation of boundary as well as the foundation of our bilateral relation.
that was beijings sharpest reaction to the dalai lamas visit, the fourth in under a month.
tibet-related issues involve chinas core interest.
chinas standpoint on this issue is consistent and clear.
india does not care about chinas concern and negotiation and has purposely arranged the visit to a disputed area of china-india boundary.
indias invitation to the dalai lama to the disputed border region will severely damage peace and stability along border areas and hurt ties between the two countries, hua had said.
china maintains that parts of arunachal pradesh, which it refers to as south tibet, form part of the mainland and indias continued engagement with the dalai lama will cause damage to bilateral ties.
beijing was also irked over minister of state (home) kiren rijijus presence in tezpur, which it perceived as official and political endorsement of the dalai lamas visit.
ties between india and china have been strained since 2016, over beijings blocking of indias application to become a member of the elite nuclear suppliers group and efforts to designate jaish-e-muhammad chief maulana masood azhar as a global terrorist at the un.
former external affairs minister and bjp veteran sushmaswaraj swaraj passed away tuesday night following a cardiac arrest.
swaraj who had earned a formidable reputation in helping overseas indians in distress came across as someone who was the peoples foreign minister.
her last rites will be held wednesday at the lodhi crematorium in new delhi.
advertisingstarting her political career under the janata party, swaraj was elected to the haryana assembly in 1977 and became a state minister at the age of 25.
her rise within the bjp, considered a party of conservatives, was a testimony to her political acumen, courage and mass appeal.
she came into national limelight because of her ideologically fierce oratory in lok sabha.
in the 1999 lok sabha elections, sushmaswaraj swaraj jumped into the electoral fray against congress president sonia gandhi, heading to bellary in karnataka.
though she was pitchforked by the bjp at the very last moment to contest against the congress president, she learnt a smattering of kannada to connect with the electorate in bellary, forcing a keen contest.
before the bjp was cast aside in the 2004 elections  it was the start of the bjps decade-long political wilderness  swaraj had raised the political stakes by declaring she would shave her head if italy-born sonia gandhi was elected as prime minister.
it defined her political contest with the congress leadership.
advertisingheres a look at some of sushmaswaraj swarajs memorable speechessushma swarajs last rites to be held today.
follow live updates1996 trust vote speech of sushmaswaraj swarajdefending the no-confidence motion against the then prime minister atal behari vajpayee, swaraj in 1996 gave one of her most fiery speeches in parliament.
her political articulation, drawn from indias mythological traditions, endeared her to the common man who could grasp her arguments.
mr. speaker, you can accept any definition of the mandate, but you cannot ignore what is happening in this house.
before today, there used to be the government of one party, and a scattered opposition.
but today, weve got a scattered government and a united opposition.
doesnt this scene describe the open defiance of the peoples mandate?
she said.
she explained why the bjp had to step down and equated her analogies to the ramayan and mahabharat, leading to praises from the benches.
when one manthara and one shakuni can keep the likes of lord rama and yudishthir out of their right to rule, then if you take a look around this house, youll find many manthras and many shakunis opposing us.
how can we stay in power?
i suppose it (no-confidence motion) is the nature of ramrajya and surajya, she said.
the then speaker pa sangma interrupted her saying, please, dont make your speech so interesting!
in the same speech, she also referred to article 370.
mr. speaker, we are communal, because we advocate the singing of vande matram, yes, we are communal, because we fight for the respect of the national flag, we are communal, because we want to abolish the 370, we are communal, because we want to put an end to discrimination based on caste and creed in this country, yes we are communal, because we want to get the uniform civil code implemented in this country.
we are communal because we want the voices of the kashmiri refugees to be heard, she said.
in photos | see rare photos of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraja poetic duel between manmohan singh and sushmaswaraj swarajas the leader of opposition in lok sabha, swaraj often lead the bjps attacks against manmohan singhs upa-i government.
in 2013, she engaged in an unusual duel with the then prime minister over corruption charges.
both singh and swaraj used urdu couplets to trade charges against each other.
humko hai unse wafa ki umeed, jo nahi jaante wafa kya hai (we hope for loyalty from those who do not know the meaning of the word), the prime minister said, quoting famous urdu poet mirza ghalib.
after his speech, swaraj with a smile on her face, stood up to say, kuch toh majboorian rahee hongee, yun hee koi bewafa nahee hota (there must have been some compulsion, one is not disloyal for no reason at all).
on another occasion, she told singh, tu idhar udhar ki baat na kar/ yeh bata ki kafila kyun luta/hamein rehzano se gila nahin/teri rehbari ka sawaal hai (do not subterfuge, tell us why the caravan was looted.
we have no complaint with the passersby, it is a question of your leadership.
)in his reply, singh said, maana ki tere deed ke kaabil nahin hoon main, tu mera shauk dekh, mera intezar dekh (i agree i am not worth your looking at me; but see my keenness, my anticipation.
)read | indias supermom who blazed a trail in twitter diplomacysushma swaraj defending herself from lalit modi controversysoon after being sworn-in in the modi cabinet, sushmaswaraj swaraj faced accusations in 2015 of having lobbied on behalf of former indian premier league chief lalit modi, who was then in london and seen as a fugitive.
in an impromptu speech in parliament, swaraj defended herself and said she had never requested or made a recommendation to british authorities to provide travel documents to lalit modi.
she said she had only helped his ailing wife on purely humanitarian grounds, and if that was seen as a crime, she was ready to undergo any punishment.
addressing speaker sumitra mahajan, she said: i want to ask what would you have done if you were in my place?
what would soniaji have done had she been in my place?
would you have left her to die?
if it is a crime to help a woman like her, i want to say that i have committed this crime and, standing in this house, i accept my crime before the entire nation.
i am ready to undergo any punishment this house may want to give me.
during her tenure as the foreign minister under modi government, sushmaswaraj swaraj raised multiple times the issue of kulbhushan jadhav, the former indian navy officer on death row in pakistan.
swaraj warned the pakistani government that if the death sentence is carried out by them, it will be regarded as an act of premeditated murder.
on pakistans treatment meted towards jadhavs wife and mother in islamabad, swaraj condemned the obnoxious behaviour and called it a gross violation of their human rights.
saying that pakistan presented kulbhushan jadhavs wife chetna and mother avanti as widows in front of him, she said jadhav wondered if something unfortunate had happened in the family and asked about the well-being of his father.
saying that pakistan had misused the emotional moment as an instrument to further its propaganda, swaraj added that there are not enough words to condemn the same.
in 2018, swaraj, the then foreign minister of india flayed pakistan at the 73rd united nations general assembly debate for accusing india of sabotaging the dialogue process.
reiterating indias stand that talks and terror cannot go together, swaraj accused pakistan of being an expert in trying to mask malevolence with verbal duplicity.
in our case, terrorism is bred not in some faraway land, but across our border to the west.
our neighbours expertise is not restricted to spawning grounds for terrorism; it is also an expert in trying to mask malevolence with verbal duplicity, she said.
in 2016, she had told the unga that pakistan remained in denial despite confessions by terrorists, which were living proof of pakistans complicity in cross-border terror.
b'indias permanent representative to the un ambassador syed akbaruddin had last week said that pakistan approaching the un chief and the security council over the surgical strikes in pok has not found any resonance at the world body.
(file photo) indias permanent representative to the un ambassador syed akbaruddin had last week said that pakistan approaching the un chief and the security council over the surgical strikes in pok has not found any resonance at the world body.
(file photo)the un security council has not been discussing the escalating tensions between india and pakistan, russias envoy to the un and council president for october said, in a clear snub to pakistan which had raised the kashmir issue and surgical strike by india in the world body.
watch what else is making newsi dont want to go there, dont want to go there.
no no please, i dont want to go there, russias ambassador to the un vitaly churkin said as he quickly interrupted a question on india and pakistan tensions during a press briefing here monday.
churkin was addressing the media as russia assumed the presidency of the 15-nation council for the month of october.
when asked why he would not comment on the issue, churkin said because i am president of the security council.
the security council has not been discussing it (the india-pakistan situation).
sorry sir, i dont want to go there.
no comment, no comment, sorry please, churkin said.
when asked again why he and russia were so reluctant to discuss the india-pakistan situation, churkin said, im sure you know.
there are so many other things.
churkins remarks come as a clear snub to pakistan, which had approached the security council just last week on the surgical strikes conducted by india to target terror launch pads across the line of control as well as on the kashmir issue.
earlier in the day, un secretary general ban ki-moons deputy spokesman farhan haq was asked what the un position is on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs remarks in her address to the un general assembly that pakistan should abandon its kashmir dream since kashmir is and will remain an integral part of india.
we have issued a statement on the situation between india and pakistan.
i would refer you back to that, haq said.
when asked again why the un did not say anything to swarajs remarks that pakistan should stop dreaming about kashmir, haq said, we dont comment on every speech made in the general assembly, but we have been commenting on the situation on kashmir, and like i said, we issued a statement on that just last friday.
pakistans envoy to the un maleeha lodhi had met new zealands un ambassador gerard van bohemen, president of the council for the month of september, and had raised the issue of the surgical strikes in informal consultations of the council.
she had also met un secretary general ban on the issue but the un chief had called on the governments of india and pakistan to address their outstanding issues, including kashmir, peacefully through diplomacy and dialogue.
indias permanent representative to the un ambassador syed akbaruddin had last week said that pakistan approaching the un chief and the security council over the surgical strikes in pok has not found any resonance at the world body.
pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif too had tried to internationalise the kashmir issue, raising it with almost every world leader he held bilateral talks with on the sidelines of the 71st session of the un general assembly last month.
indian prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping.
(photo: reuters) indian prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping.
(photo: reuters)ahead of the informal summit between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping in wuhan on april 27-28, india on tuesday maintained its opposition to the belt and road initiative (bri).
a statement released after the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) foreign ministers meeting said ministers from kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, pakistan, russia, tajikistan and uzbekistan had reaffirmed support for bri.
india was not mentioned in the statement.
connectivity with sco countries is indias priority.
we want connectivity to pave the way for cooperation and trust between our societies.
for this, respect for sovereignty is essential.
inclusivity, transparency and sustainability are imperative.
also read | all set for reset, pm modi and chinas xi to hold informal meet this weekshe listed indias initiatives on connectivity  the international north-south transport corridor, chabahar port development, ashgabat agreement, india-myanmar-thailand highway project, and bangladesh-bhutan-india-nepal initiative among others.
meanwhile, sources in new delhi said modi and xi would interact in a format of freewheeling exchanges, with strategic conversation to understand each others perspective on national and international matters.
there is no protocol, no across-the-table delegation-level talks, said sources.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman at a bilateral meeting in beijing.
(pti photo) defence minister nirmala sitharaman at a bilateral meeting in beijing.
(pti photo)tempering expectations from the meeting, sources said no joint communique or statement is expected.
this was confirmed by chinese vice foreign minister kong xuanyou in beijing.
both sides have agreed not to sign an agreement or release any joint document, but reach important consensus to resolve outstanding issues, said kong.
the two leaders will have heart-to-heart discussions on overarching issues and try to build consensus to resolve outstanding differences.
asked whether the doklam issue and the boundary dispute would figure in the talks, kong said doklam happened because of lack of trust.
the two countries need to create conditions and trust between them to resolve the boundary issue, he said.
kong said both xi and modi have strategic vision and historical responsibility.
both of them have been widely supported by their people.
both leaders have attached great importance to india-china relationship, he said.
also read | sushmaswaraj swaraj meets xi, stresses need to learn each others languagemeanwhile, indian ministers attending the sco meetings in beijing took on pakistan, saying action must be taken against states that encourage terrorism.
the criminal terrorist militia are not impeded by borders as they seek to destroy the architecture of international stability and build walls of fear in societies that believe in pluralism, she said.
speaking at the sco defence ministers meeting, defence minister nirmala sitharaman said, arguments of political convenience to provide an alibi for terrorist organisations that support terrorism through material support or otherwise are no longer tolerable.
indeed, as the world has now realised, there are no good terrorists.
swaraj delivered the first pandit deen dayal upadhyay memorial international lecture on soft power diplomacy: strength of india on monday.
(file) swaraj delivered the first pandit deen dayal upadhyay memorial international lecture on soft power diplomacy: strength of india on monday.
india, she stressed, believed in the concept of we, us and ourselves.
i was sad when president trump, in the un general assembly, said his slogan was me first, the minister said.
she was referring to trumps speech at the united nations in september last year when he had said, as president of the united states, i will always put america first, just like you, as the leaders of your countries will always, and should always, put your countries first.
there is a storm of protectionism at the global level which is centred around the concept of me and myself but india believes in the concept of we, us and ourselves.
if everyone views the other as equal then there is no place for protectionism, she said.
swaraj was delivering the first pandit deen dayal upadhyay memorial international lecture on soft power diplomacy: strength of india, organised by iccr.
a foreign minister of a small country spoke about president trumps speech of me first.
she said if everyone says (and follows the policy) of me first, then how will my country sustain?
i said india does not have the tradition of (following the policy of) me first.
i said my speech will have (the concept of) om sarve bhavantu sukhinah, she said, quoting a sloka from the vedas that translates to may everyone be happy.
when everyone is happy, then everyone will have the provision of food and security, she said.
home minister rajnath singh.
(pti photo/file) home minister rajnath singh.
(pti photo/file)home minister rajnath singh will not have any bilateral meeting with his pakistani counterpart chaudhary nisar ali khan on the sidelines of the saarc ministerial meeting, home secretary rajiv mehrishi said on thursday.
singh arrived in islamabad on wednesday evening to attend the 7th saarc home/interior ministers conference during which he is expected to raise the issue of underworld don dawood ibrahim, designated as global terrorist, and cross border terrorism.
there will be no bilateral meeting.
we have already said that, mehrishi told reporters when asked if any bilateral meeting between singh and khan would take place.
according to official sources, the home minister along with his counterparts from the saarc countries will call on pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif later in the day, as per tradition.
the decision of singh joining the interior/home ministers in the courtesy call of sharif was taken after several rounds of consultations among top officials of ministries of home, external affairs and prime ministers office last night.
before leaving for islamabad to attend the day-long conference, singh had said he was looking forward to underscore the imperative of meaningful cooperation within the region against terrorism and organised crime.
this conference provides a platform to discuss issues pertaining to security, singh had said, who is also expected to tell pakistan to stop sponsoring terror in india and rein in groups like lashker-e-taiba and jaish-e-mohammed.
a very bleak possibility of singh having a bilateral meeting with khan was expected in the wake of strains in indo-pak relations after the killing of hizbul mujahideen militant burhan wani in jammu and kashmir on july 8.
not only did prime minister sharif praise wani but he also remarked that kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream of the state becoming a part of his country will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
b'senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today attacked the jammu and kashmir government for arresting leaders of opposition from both houses of parliament while making a farce of inviting them to the official republic day parade in srinagar.
this is an extra-ordinary situation.
india completes 61 years of being a republic.
this is the first republic day after emergency when leaders of opposition of both houses of parliament were kept under arrest.
and our fault was that we were entering jammu and kashmir and for this crime we were arrested, she said.
swaraj,along with senior party leaders arun jaitley and ananth kumar among others,was talking to reporters after being released by the j & k government in the afternoon.
she referred to the telephonic conversation between jaitley and chief minister omar abdullah,who had invited the two leaders to attend the republic day parade in srinagar.
yesterday night,we also got a farcical invitation when jammu and kashmir chief minister invited us to take part in the official function in srinagar.
was he not aware that we were under arrest, she said.
our invitation is that you (abdullah) join us and unfurl the national flag at lal chowk, she said.
she maintained that it was not an ordinary event and likened it to the emergency days when the entire opposition was in jail.
we were not allowed to land in jammu.
then we were told to go back.
b'he sought the centres intervention on the issue as the denial would leave paddy growers in the state deeply unsatisfied.
he sought the centres intervention on the issue as the denial would leave paddy growers in the state deeply unsatisfied.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan on friday said the geographical indications (gi) registrys decision to deny the coveted basmati tag to an aromatic paddy variety cultivated in the state was wrong.
he sought the centres intervention on the issue as the denial would leave paddy growers in the state deeply unsatisfied.
chouhan called on union commerce and industry minister suresh prabhu, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh and apprised them of his apprehensions.
he told the union ministers that nearly 80,000 farmers cultivated basmati rice in 13 districts of mp.
pegging the volume of basmati exports from mp at rs 3,000 crore, he said denial of basmati tag would rob mp farmers of market price for their produce.
he insisted that mps claim was based on historical evidence as the variety was cultivated in the region for over the last 105 years.
also, the states agro climatic conditions are suitable for growing basmati, he said.
on one hand, interests of farmers will be harmed, and on the other, exporters will have to suffer losses and the country will be deprived of foreign exchange, chouhan said.
principal secretary (agriculture) rajesh rajora told the indian express that the state has challenged the gi registrys decision in the chennai high court.
the matter has been listed for hearing on march 26.
prime minister muhammad nawaz sharif, of pakistan, addresses the 69th session of the united nations general assembly, at u.n. headquarters.
( souirce: ap )pakistans prime minister nawaz sharif raised the kashmir issue in his address to the un general assembly friday, and blamed india for another missed opportunity to address outstanding issues by cancelling the foreign secretaries talks.
no veil could be drawn over the core issue of kashmir, sharif said, adding that pakistan was ready to work for its resolution through negotiations.
our support and advocacy of the right to self-determination of the people of j&k is our historical commitment and a duty, as a party to the kashmir dispute, he said.
many generations of kashmiris have lived their lives under occupation, accompanied by violence and abuse of their fundamental rights.
kashmiri women, in particular, have undergone immense suffering and humiliationthe core issue of j&k has to be resolved.
this is the responsibility of the international community.
we cannot draw a veil on the issue of kashmir, until it is addressed in accordance with the wishes of the people of j&k.
on august 18, india had called off talks between foreign secretaries sujatha singh and aizaz ahmad chaudhary scheduled for august 25 in islamabad, soon after pakistans high commissioner abdul basit disregarded indian advice and met kashmiri separatist leader shabir shah in delhi.
in his address, sharif said, we were disappointed at the cancellation of the foreign secretary-level talks.
the world community, too, rightly saw it as another missed opportunity.
pakistan is convinced that we must remain engaged in the dialogue process for settling disputes and building economic and trade relations.
let us not ignore the dividends of peace.
sharif said it was his governments aspiration and effort to build a peaceful neighbuorhood by pursuing a policy of constructive engagement.
in south asia, our people have missed opportunities for prosperity because of unresolved conflicts.
we have a choice today: continue with the status quo or to seize the moment to resolve all outstanding issues.
sharifs line on the cancellation of the foreign secretary level talks had been indicated earlier by his national security and foreign affairs adviser sartaj aziz and pakistan foreign secretary aizaz ahmad chaudhary, both of whom on thursday put the onus on new delhi to start the process afresh.
so they (pakistan) spoiled the talks, they spoiled the game no question of (reaching out) first or second, she said.
attacked nigerian student in hospital in noida.
attacked nigerian student in hospital in noida.
nigeria has called in the indian envoy in the country to register its protest over an attack on four nigerian students in greater noida and sought diligent prosecution against the perpetrators.
the permanent secretary, ministry of foreign affairs, olushola enikanolaiye, sought action by the indian government at a meeting with indian high commissioner to nigeria nagabushana reddy in abuja on wednesday, state-run news agency of nigeria (nan) reported.
the nigerian students were allegedly attacked by people during a candle-light march for a 17-year-old indian boy, who died of suspected drug overdose last week in greater noida.
the boys parents alleged that the foreigners had kidnapped him and given him drugs which led to his death.
enikanolaiye said the call for the prosecution of culprits was necessary to serve as a deterrent to others, the report said wednesday.
we want to see diligent prosecution so that it would serve as a deterrent to those who think they can take laws into their hands and harass students who are going about their studies.
that is why we felt we should register our concern to you on this occasion, and to please ask your government to take effective measures that this does not occur again, he said.
he said the indian high commissioner was called in to register the nigerian governments concern over the incident.
he expressed concern that the incident was not the first of its kind as nigerians had been attacked in the past by indians.
it is therefore, a concern to us that nigerian students in that place were harassed, beaten up and many of them were seriously injured.
we think this should not have happened considering the excellent relationship between two of us  the two countries have things in common and have been great friends, it quoted enikanolaye as saying.
suu kyis first trip to india since her national league for democracy (nld) government took office on april 1 came less than two months after myanmar president u htin kyaws state visit to the neighbour in august.
(source: file/reuters) suu kyis first trip to india since her national league for democracy (nld) government took office on april 1 came less than two months after myanmar president u htin kyaws state visit to the neighbour in august.
(source: file/reuters)myanmars state counselor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi on sunday left for an official visit to india, according to official sources.
during her visit, suu kyi will first attend the bimstec-retreat and brics-bimstec leaders outreach summit scheduled to be held later on sunday in goa, xinhua news agency reported.
watch video |bimstec, known as bengal initiative for multi-sectoral technical and economic cooperation, groups bangladesh, india, myanmar, sri lanka, thailand, nepal and bhutan.
brics comprises five major emerging national economies  brazil, russia, india, china and south africa.
after the summit, the 70-year-old nobel laureate will continue her three-day visit aimed at strengthening bilateral relations between the two countries.
suu kyis first trip to india since her national league for democracy (nld) government took office on april 1 came less than two months after myanmar president u htin kyaws state visit to the neighbour in august.
on april 6 this year, the 70-year-old nobel peace laureate assumed charge as state counsellor as she was constitutionally barred from the presidency after becoming the countrys first female foreign minister on march 30.
suu kyi will call on president pranab mukherjee and have meetings with prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
watch video |last month, modi met suu kyi on the sidelines of the 14th india-asean summit and the 11th east asia summit in vientiane, laos.
suu kyi spent a considerable part of her early life in india and was educated at lady shri ram college in new delhi.
according to myanmar official figures, indias investment in myanmar amounted to $732.
64 million as of the end of august, the ninth in myanmars foreign investors line-up since late 1988 when the country opened to such investment.
bilateral trade between the two countries reached $1.
711 billion in the 2015-16 fiscal year.
b'dark clouds are seen in the sky over parliament house in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti) dark clouds are seen in the sky over parliament house in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti)sparks are set to fly as parliament meets for the monsoon session beginning monday, with the opposition, boosted by the supreme court verdict on arunachal pradesh, seeking to corner the treasury benches on a host of issues, including indias failure to secure nsgmembership.
besides the political developments in arunachal, which saw the installation of a new congress dispensation in the state, the modi governments decision to seek a report from the law commission on the proposal for introducing a uniform civil code are likely make the session a tempestuous affair.
watch video: whats making newson the other hand, the government is hopeful of a breakthrough on the key gst bill, which it wants passed during the session, following a recent meeting between senior ministers and top congress leaders.
the two sides are likely to meet again during the session.
on friday, finance minister arun jaitley and information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu had met congress leaders ghulam nabi azad and anand sharma to iron out differences on key clauses of the gst bill.
the contentious constitution (122nd amendment) bill, 2014, known as the gst bill was moved in the upper house in august last year after being passed by lok sabha.
the government is hopeful of the passage of the gst bill in this session amid indications that a number of regional parties have broken ranks with congress on the issue and are willing to extend their support to the crucial economic reform measure.
with the opposition set to raise the issue of indias failure to get a berth in the nuclear suppliers group, the government has said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was ready for discussion on issues including prime ministers recent foreign tours.
besides the gst, another key legislation pending passage is the whistle blowers protection (amendment) bill, 2015, which was moved in december last year but the discussion on it had remained inconclusive.
in the budget session this year, this bill could not be taken up for debate.
in the lok sabha, important pending bills include the consumer protection bill 2015 and the benami transactions (prohibition) amendment bill, 2015.
the last few sessions of parliament have seen frequent face-offs between the ruling and the opposition benches but the second part of the budget session saw a relative improvement as far the completion of government business was concerned.
the session comes at a time when the ruling bjps morale is high after its maiden victory in assam assembly polls and its performance in kerala and west bengal elections.
b'a clique in bjp is furious over bjp president rajnath singh elevating gujarat chief minister narendra modi and not giving a suitable promotion to madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
rajnath has accommodated 22 members from madhya pradesh in the recently constituted national executive,but state partymen are disappointed as chouhan does not find a place in the all powerful bjp parliamentary board.
the partymen were expecting chouhan to figure in the parliamentary board,but his non-inclusion has disappointed them, party sources said.
the leaders were hoping that in order to balance the growing clamour for gujarat chief minister narendra modi as the prime ministerial candidate,the bjps national leadership would also include chouhan in the parliamentary board,but their hopes were dashed when the list was officially declared.
however,urban administration and development minister babulal gaur justified the decision on the ground that modi had scored a hat-trick in gujarat assembly elections,while under chouhans leadership,the bjp won the polls only once.
when bjp won elections in 2003,it was uma bharti who had led the campaign to oust congress from power in the state and became the chief minister.
later,she was replaced by babulal gaur who later had to quit to give way for chouhan in the wake of bhartis protest.
among the prominent faces from madhya pradesh who figure in the bjp national executive are  leader of opposition in lok sabha and vidisha mp sushmaswaraj swaraj,former chief ministers uma bharti,sunderlal patwa,kailash joshi and babulal gaur,and former state unit president prabhat jha.
other important leaders like former union ministers satyanarayan jatia,faggan singh kulaste and thawarchand gehlot are also in the list.
in the parliamentary board,madhya pradesh has two prominent members at present  sushmaswaraj swaraj and thawarchand gehlot.
in the vice-president slot,the party has included uma bharti and prabhat jha while thawarchand gehlot retained his position as general secretary.
besides,sudha mallaiya,wife of state water resources minister jayant mallaiya,was appointed as secretary and kulaste as president of the bjps sc/st cell.
soudan singh,also from kurwai in vidisha district,has become joint general secretary (organisation).
another prominent inclusion in the national executive is industries minister kailash vijaywargiya,who replaced former union minister and seven time mp from indore sumitra mahajan.
senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj died at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) tuesday night.
she was 67.
advertisingswaraj, who suffered a heart attack and collapsed at her home on jantar mantar road, was brought to the hospital at 9.
35 pm.
according to the aiims statement, a team of doctors performed cpr (cardiopulmonary resuscitation) for around 70-80 minutes.
she was declared dead at 10.
50 pm.
cutting across party lines, several senior leaders reached the hospital amid heavy security.
law minister ravi shankar prasad, bjp working president j p nadda, finance minister nirmala sitharaman, food processing minister harsimrat kaur badal and congress mp ghulam nabi azad were among those present.
read | indias supermom who blazed a trail in twitter diplomacyadvertisingi am in shock.
we have lost a very tall leader, said prasad, adding that he had spoken to her last week, after the triple talaq bill was passed in parliament.
she was an able leader, a brilliant administrator, a phenomenal orator and a wonderful teacher.
i have no words, he said.
azad said he had shared a cordial relationship with swaraj, despite their ideological and political differences.
she was a wonderful person and a good politician.
i have lost a sister today, he said.
sushmaji was always dedicated to the nation.
she showed how to conduct oneself in politics while serving the nation to the fullest, said nadda.
in 2016, swaraj underwent a kidney transplant at aiims in a nearly six-hour-long surgery.
she is survived by her husband swaraj kaushal and daughter bansuri.
union rural development minister jairam ramesh today said centre will bring in revised land acquisition bill in the forthcoming session of parliament as there was a political consensus on it.
we will bring the revised bill in this session.
all political parties want to get it passed, ramesh said here.
states have given their suggestions and i have also met opposition leaders like arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj and had discussion with them, ramesh said,adding,all the political parties wanted the 1984 act to be changed.
land acquisition was done forcibly till now and farmers were not given adequate compensation,but this bill will address these concerns, he said.
there have been cases where land (acquired for public purposes) has been utilised for building shopping malls or private housing societies, ramesh added.
the parliament session will start on april 22.
an all-party meeting was held in new delhi on april 9 to iron out differences on the bill.
b'after their attempt to hoist national flag at kashmir now the entire bjp top brass and its chief ministers have turned their attention to west bengal which is going for assembly polls by the middle of this year.
all the seven bjp chief ministers  narendra modi,b s yedurrapa,ramen singh,prem singh dhumal,arjun munda,shivraj singh chauhan and ramesh pokriyal  along with bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi and the entire top brass of the party will be present at the culmination of the partys nabajagran yatra in kolkata on february 15.
the rally is to start from coochbehar in north bengal on january 30.
senior bjp leader l k advani,leaders of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley,former bjp presidents rajnath singh,venkiah naidu and murli manohar joshi will be present at the rally at rani rashmoni avenue.
never in the history of bengal there has been such a gathering of senior bjp leader.
this will be our biggest programme before the assembly elections in the state, rahul sinha,the state bjp president told the indian express.
sinha said during the rally,the party will highlight the issues of corruption,high prices of essential commodities,and reservation on the ground of religion in west bengal.
the party will highlight the failure of the upa government at centre and left front government in the state.
according to bjp leaders,the rath for the yatra has already been brought to the state from chhattisgarh and has been taken to coochbehar.
bjp leader rajnath singh is likely to launch the rally which will pass through murshidabd,malda,west midnapore,howrah and hooghly.
rakesh siddaramaiah (in the picturr, karnataka cm siddaramaiahs eldest son, passed away on saturday in belgium.
(source: rakesh siddaramaiah fan club facebook page) rakesh siddaramaiah (in the picturr, karnataka cm siddaramaiahs eldest son, passed away on saturday in belgium.
(source: rakesh siddaramaiah fan club facebook page)rakesh siddaramaiah, the eldest son of karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah, breathed his last in brussels, belgium on saturday.
the 39-year-old passed away at belgium university hospital due to multiple organ failure.
he is survived by wife and two children.
he was supposed to contest elections from his fathers varuna constituency.
rakesh had fallen ill while touring belgium and was hospitalised at belgium university hospital, following which his father siddaramaiah rushed to brussels.
he had complained of severe stomach pain after which he was admitted to the hospital.
he was undergoing treatment for acute pancreatitis.
according to reports, his mortal remains will reach bengaluru on sunday.
on friday, siddaramaiahs official twitter handle @cmofkarnataka had tweeted, cm siddaramaiahs son rakesh fell ill while touring in belgium.
hospitalised and getting better.
cms family is in touch with the doctors.
the cm had gone to visit his son in belgium on thursday and monitored the situation while others family members arrived later.
rakesh had left for belgium on july 21 with four friends.
the facebook profiles of some of his friends who were travelling with him reveal they were possibly headed for tomorrowland, one of the worlds biggest electronic dance music festivals, held annually in belgium.
the karnataka cm had refused to divulge details about his sons ailment.
he had sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs help to seek treatment of his son at a hospital in belgium.
read: pm modi, yeddyurappa condole death of rakesh siddaramaiah on twittermeanwhile, prime minister narendra modi expressed condolence over the death.
my thoughts are with siddaramaiah ji & his family on the demise of his son.
may god give the family strength to bear the irreparable loss, tweeted pm narendra modi from his official twitter handle @narendramodi.
b'at least 17 attempts by the infiltrators were foiled by the army in the last eight months.
at least 17 attempts by the infiltrators were foiled by the army in the last eight months.
in the last two years, the indian army has repeatedly foiled attempts by pakistan-sponsored terrorist groups to infiltrate into india.
ninety-seven terrorists were gunned down in 2015, of whom 59 were pakistanis.
the number has crossed 110 in the last eight months.
again 84 of them were of pakistani origin.
at least 17 attempts by the infiltrators were foiled by the army in the last eight months.
as is said, the terrorist has to be lucky just once, whereas the security forces have to be lucky every time.
despite best efforts by our security forces, the country couldnt escape a couple of incidents of terror, at pathankot and uri.
the important point to bear in mind is that at a time when terror has struck many european and american cities, india has largely remained terror-free in the last couple of years.
it is a well known fact that prime minister narendra modi has made sincere and genuine efforts to convince the neighbour of the futility of supporting, sponsoring and launching terror.
he has met pakistans prime minister nawaz sharif a couple of times in the last two years.
he made an impromptu visit to lahore on his way back from kabul.
the two prime ministers met in russia and decided to have a three-tier dialogue process set in motion between the two countries.
but then came the infamous pathankot attack, where the pakistani terrorists had succeeded in penetrating into the indian air force base and held on for close to 72 hours, until they were neutralised.
pathankot was the first major terror challenge thrown at pm modi by pakistan.
the indian government had tried one last time to deal with it in the conventional manner.
it went so far as to even allow pakistani investigators access to parts of the attack site.
despite the indian governments overtures, pakistan remained a nation committed to terror, lies and denial.
sadly, it allowed an olive branch extended by pm modi to lapse.
it didnt realise that it was dealing with a different leader and a different government.
pathankot and the aftermath was the proverbial last nail.
any further misadventure from pakistan was to receive a tough response from india.
uri was more than a misadventure by pakistan.
killing 18 soldiers inside a military camp situated a couple of kilometres inside the loc is nothing short of a war crime.
if terrorism becomes the state policy of a rogue nation, victim countries are left with very few options.
uri too has left india with very limited options.
more than the military might, it was the political will that was challenged.
when i used the phrase, for one tooth the entire jaw, at one level, i was giving vent to the strong popular anger and resentment, but at another level it meant that the government should now go all out to end this menace.
the prime minister had on day one made it clear that this time the perpetrators shall not go unpunished.
in a way, barring the usual gang of peaceniks and mombattiwalas, largely the country and the government were on the same page with regard to responding to this misadventure by pakistan.
normally, it couldnt have come at a more difficult time  the united nations was in session.
but the indian government saw an opportunity in this difficulty.
a multi-pronged action plan was quickly put in place wherein a diplomatic offensive was launched together with a publicity overdrive.
indias aggressive response to prime minister nawaz sharifs lies at the un was a clear indicator of the things to come.
it didnt mince words, called pakistan the host of the ivy league of terror, described it as the global epicentre of terrorism and finally the young ifs lady officer, exercising the right of reply, thundered, what we see in pakistan, mr president, is a terrorist state.
.
naming and shaming pakistan globally, isolating it on the diplomatic front and acting against terror targets were all a part of the multi-pronged strategy devised by the government.
leaving behind the policy paralysis of yesteryears and the so-called strategic restraint, the prime minister has taken the battle right deep inside the pakistan territory by talking to the people of that country directly.
in his kozhikode address, the prime minister had spoken about the need for both the countries to fight against hunger, illiteracy and backwardness; but he had not precluded action against pakistan.
in fact he told the indian army that 1.
25 billion indians were behind it and repeated his earlier statement that he wouldnt let the perpetrators of the uri attack escape punishment.
some peaceniks wanted to read a different message in it.
some of those who were sworn adversaries of pm modi, started penning blogs too, praising modis restraint.
but before their ink could dry, the operations against the terrorists waiting at the launch pads across the loc in pok were successfully completed by the indian army in a midnight operation.
uri has changed india-pakistan relations significantly.
they will no longer be the same for at least some time to come.
war nobody wants; but the alternative to war is peace; not humiliation and terror attacks.
the rants of some pakistan ministers about the nuclear first-use show the rogue nature of that country, which is the worst proliferator in recent years.
nuclear war nobody wants but the world cant be a mute witness to the nuclear blackmail of rogue nations.
terrorism is a global cancer.
it needs surgical intervention.
india has done its part.
it will continue to defend its borders and citizens from this menace in the same manner.
but it is also time the world community exerts pressure on pakistan; pressure not just to ask pakistan to behave, but as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj exhorted at the un, if it doesnt behave, throw it out of all international fora.
that has already happened at the saarc.
for pakistan, terrorism has come as a cheaper option all these years.
time to make it costly for it.
b'union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with punjab governor designate v.p. singh badnore during their meeting at her residence new delhi.
(file) union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with punjab governor designate v.p. singh badnore during their meeting at her residence new delhi.
(file)vp singh badnore will take oath as the new punjab governor on monday.
punjab and haryana high court chief justice sj vazifdar will administer the oath of office and secrecy to badnore at punjab raj bhawan here tomorrow, an official spokesman said on sunday.
badnore (69) will take charge from kaptan singh solanki, who also holds the charge of haryana governor.
badnore, who belongs to bhilwara in rajasthan, is a four-time legislator in the rajasthan assembly.
he was an mla from 1977-80, 1985-90, 1993-98 and 1998-99.
during his last term as mla, he was the state irrigation minister.
he was a member of the 13th and 14th lok sabha from 1999-2004 and from 2004-09.
in july 2010, he was elected to the rajya sabha.
a graduate in business management, he studied at mayo college, ajmer, and administrative staff college of india (asci), hyderabad.
rajya sabha records describe badnore as an agriculturist, environmentalist, social worker, and sportsman.
he was the chairman of the special task force to rehabilitate tigers in sariska (rajasthan) from 2005-09 and a member of the empowered committee of forests and wildlife management in rajasthan.
he is a widely travelled parliamentarian.
he was a part of the indian delegations to commonwealth parliamentary association, canada, in 1994 and in 2004, besides the indian delegation of south asia free media association (safma) to pakistan.
a keen swimmer, he has participated in national school-level swimming competitions.
badnore will also be administrator of union territory of chandigarh.
b'coincidently the indian embassy in beijing was shut on saturday and sunday.
coincidently the indian embassy in beijing was shut on saturday and sunday.
twenty-five indian doctors and their families, who were on a trip to china and got stuck at a hotel in shenzhen over non-payment of dues, moved to macau on monday after the issue was settled, indian officials said.
the doctors attached with the malad medical association (mma)in mumbai, were made to vacate their hotel rooms in guangdong province yesterday and forced to remain in the lobby until the entire amount was paid.
a tour operator in mumbai failed to make payments to a chinese travel agency for the doctors and their families who were on a tour of china.
they were stuck at the hotel in shenzhen where chinese tour operators refused to facilitate their return to india until their fee is paid.
they left for macau, a special administrative region of china, on monday after the issue was sorted out, an indian official from the consulate in guangzhou told pti after cross-checking the details with the hotel.
macau, famous for the blend of portuguese and chinese cultures and chiefly for its casinos, was reportedly part of their itinerary.
as the indian embassy in beijing was shut on saturday and sunday, the mma reportedly has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help them to return home safely.
the problem arose as the indian travel agent failed to transfer the money in time, the official said.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajat the launch of the meas facebook app on thursday, the ministry spokesperson revealed an unknown fact about external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she apparently spends two hours everyday trawling the web and social media to respond to concerns.
this has been conveyed to indian ambassadors across the world, who have been asked to follow her example.
lucknow chaloever since her electoral defeat, former delhi chief minister sheila dikshit has been living in a second-floor apartment in the capitals nizamuddin east area.
but she is moving out, at least for the next six months.
dikshit, who is the congresss chief ministerial face in uttar pradesh, has rented an apartment in lucknow, where she will be staying as she begins an aggressive bid to resurrect her partys electoral fortunes in the key state.
railway linkwith p v sindhu qualifying for the final, the railway fraternity was overjoyed, especially since it came a day after wrestler sakshi malik, who is employed with the railways, won indias first bronze at the rio olympics.
minister suresh prabhu and his team posted on social media that while sindhu is not a railways sportsperson, her parents were celebrated volleyball players from south central railways and arjuna awardees.
railway bureaucrats were, however, miffed that not a single official from the department was given clearance to travel with the team to rio, although a third of indias contingent are employed by it.
missed chancewhen pm narendra modi laid the foundation stone for a new bjp office on thursday, some in the congress recalled how the party had missed out on an opportunity.
in 2009, congress president sonia gandhi had laid the foundation stone for a party office, in the presence of then prime minister manmohan singh.
the congress had been allotted an 8,093 sq ft plot near ito.
the front gate of the office would have opened on to deendayal upadhyay marg, but since the party did not want its office address to have the name of a jan sangh ideologue, the gate was shifted to the back of the building.
the new address given was 9, kotla marg.
however, the office is yet to be constructed.
b'nepal prime minister oli with union home minister rajnath singh.
oli is on a three-day visit to india.
express photo by amit mehra nepal prime minister oli with union home minister rajnath singh.
oli is on a three-day visit to india.
express photo by amit mehranepal prime minister kp sharma oli arrived in new delhi on a three-day visit friday.
oli, accompanied by his wife radhika shakya, was received by union home minister rajnath singh and mos finance sp shukla.
oli is expected to hold talks with prime minister narendra modi to strengthen the partnership between the two countries, particularly after an acrimonious two years where oli had accused india of masterminding the 135-day blockade of nepal.
olis visit is in line with the tradition of a nepalese premier visiting india on his first overseas trip.
prime minister narendra modi is expected to tell his nepali counterpart k p oli that he can award as many dam projects as he likes to china, but india will not be able to buy the energy produced.
a senior official had earlier told to the indian express that olis three-day visit will be couched in the niceties of diplomatic prose, but there will be no denying indias red lines.
nepal prime minister kp oli with home minister rajnath singh.
express photo by amit mehra nepal prime minister kp oli with home minister rajnath singh.
express photo by amit mehrathe nepal pms agenda for today includes a business luncheon and an interaction with the nepalese community living in india.
he will also meet with prime minister narendra modi ahead of the delegation-level meeting on saturday.
pacts related to agriculture, research and development, education and training, exploring the possibility of inland water navigation upto indian ports from nepal, and expansion of indian rail upto kathmandu from the countries border have reportedly been agreed by the two sides.
also read | soft hands and hard bargaining: what to watch in modi-oli meetingindia and nepal enjoy age-old, special ties of friendship and cooperation.
the upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review wide-ranging cooperative partnership, and to progress it further for the benefit of the two peoples, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
see photos | rajnath singh receives nepal pm kp oliprime minister narendra modi called oli twice to congratulate him on his victory.
external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the victory of the left alliance in the parliamentary and provincial elections.
besides his visit to new delhi, oli will on sunday visit the g b pant university of agriculture and technology in pantnagar, uttarakhand.
he will visit the breeder seed production centre and an integrated farming project there.
the prime minister will also be conferred with a honorary degree of doctor of science at the university.
he will leave for kathmandu later in the evening.
b'rahul gandhi spent some time in the cardio-neuro centre of the hospital where swaraj is undergoing treatment since april 25.
rahul gandhi spent some time in the cardio-neuro centre of the hospital where swaraj is undergoing treatment since april 25.
congress vice president rahul gandhi on friday visited external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who was admitted at aiims here after she complained of chest congestion.
gandhi spent some time in the cardio-neuro centre of the hospital where swaraj is undergoing treatment since april 25.
swaraj has had a good rapport with gandhi and his mother and congress president sonia gandhi since she was the leader of opposition in the last lok sabha.
the premier hospital had on thursday said that swaraj continued to show rapid improvement and would be discharged soon.
watch indian express videos hereaiims has also set up a medical board for formulating a combined treatment strategy for the minister.
both sonia and rahul had, last year in parliament, walked up to the minister to ask about her well being when she was unwell.
b'both the bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj today slammed the omar abdullah-led j&k government for stopping them from entering jammu and also rejected centres appeal to turn back.
the opposition leader now says that the centre or state government must either arrest the bjp ekta yatris in jammu or they be allowed to hoist the flag.
she says there is no middle ground on this.
they have vowed to go ahead with the proposed flag hoisting at srinagars lal chowk tomorrow and thereby successfully conclude their ekta yatra.
we will head towards jammu and then towards kashmir valley for hoisting national flag at lal chowk along with hundreds of our activists.
the leader of opposition in lok sabha said,we will not leave till 6 p.
m.
tomorrow.
we will sit on dharna till then.
if they want to arrest us,they can do so at any place.
swaraj along with jaitley and former union minister ananth kumar were sent back from jammu and dropped on the bridge over ravi river at punjabs border at madhopur near here late last night.
jaitley said home minister p chidambaram had phoned him at jammu airport yesterday asking him to fly back to delhi saying they had made their point.
we are not a banana republic the way we were detained.
they cannot physically throw us out like that.
i informed the home minister regarding this to which he said that he would look into it, jaitley said.
he described as a criminal act the centres decision to divert trains bound for jammu.
what the government did by diverting trains and expelling the leaders amounts to hijack, he said.
jaitley claimed that the situation in j&k was worse than it was in 1953 when people required a permit to enter the state.
but today you physically pick up people and throw them out of the state, jaitley said.
we told authorities to either arrest us or allow us to proceed further for the bjp party rally there but they put us separately in three vehicles and dropped us at the bridge here even though we were told that we were being shifted to a jail in jammu.
they are employing such gimmicks.
the leaders of opposition in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha are not being told the truth and the way they are physically taken away is something unprecedented and unheard of, she said.
chidambaram today appealed to the bjp leaders to give up the path of confrontation and not push any political agenda that will affect peace in jammu and kashmir.
i would request the two leaders of the opposition (in parliament) and their colleagues to give up the path of confrontation,return to delhi and join the celebrations in delhi on republic day, he said in a statement.
the j&k government has sealed the border with punjab and put barbed wire on the bridge over ravi river connecting the two states.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
we will provide all help and assistance to the bereaved family, she wrote on twitter.
we will make all arrangements to transport the mortal remains of srinivas kuchibhotla to hyderabad, she said.
offering her condolences, the union minister said, i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family.
he informed me that two indian embassy officials have rushed to kansas.
indian ambassador has also informed me that alok madasani who was injured in the incident has been discharged from the hospital.
according to local police, 51-year-old navy veteran adam purinton opened fire at the bar on friday killing one and injuring two others.
kuchibhotla, 32, died at an area hospital, police said.
alok madasani, 32, and ian grillot, 24, were hospitalised and are in stable condition, they said.
the linked-in accounts for kuchibhotla and madasani say that they were engineers working at gps-maker garmin and had studied in india.
according to the eyewitnesses, the shooter made racial slurs before he started shooting.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017i have spoken to indian ambassador in us mr.navtej sarna.
he informed me that two indian embassy officials have rushed to kansas.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017indian ambassador has also informed me that alok madasani who was injured in the incident has been discharged from the hospital.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017we will provide all help and assistance to the bereaved family.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017i have spoken to the father and mr.k.k.shastri brother of srinivas kuchibhotla in hyderabad and conveyed my condolences to the family.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017the number of hate crimes in the us have tripled in the last year, from just 34 incidents in 2015 to 101 in 2016, according to the independent.
further, latest fbi statistics depict that hate crimes against muslims rose 67 per cent in 2015, the same year donald trump launched his presidential campaign.
b'meanwhile, speaking to the indian express, mla bains said the firs cannot stop his anti-corruption drive.
meanwhile, speaking to the indian express, mla bains said the firs cannot stop his anti-corruption drive.
the ludhiana police have registered an fir against lok insaaf party (lip) mla simarjit singh bains on charges of forcefully entering the passport seva kendra in the city and trying to make videos.
the fir has been registered on the complaint of the assistant passport officer of the passport seva kendra.
in his complaint submitted to ludhiana police commissioner, yashpal, assistant passport officer, alleged that, on tuesday, bains, along with his armed gunmen and 10-15 supporters trespassed in seva kendra around 12.
50 pm and that too without any permission or prior appointment.
the officer alleged that bains and his supporters began making videos on their mobile phones following which applicants got scared and started leaving the office.
he further alleged that the security guard at the passport seva kendra was also manhandled by the mlas gummen when he tried to stop them from entering the premises without appointment.
the complainant has accused the mla of trespassing secured zone of passport office, bringing arms inside, misbehaving with security guard, scaring away applicants and disrupting work.
meanwhile, speaking to the indian express, mla bains said the firs cannot stop his anti-corruption drive.
i will continue visiting government offices to expose corruption.
it is my fundamental right.
yesterday also, i had gone to the passport office to expose unauthorised agents sitting outside and looting applicants.
they are even preparing fake documents and charging rs 25,000 to rs 50,000 per applicant.
they are targeting poor people from rural areas who do not even know how to get an online appointment as they are illiterate.
i had a fake voter id card prepared by one of the agents and as soon as i reached there he ran away.
then i went inside and asked the passport office staff if they verify the files sent through agents to which they had no reply.
instead of taking action against agents sitting outside, i have been booked, said bains.
he added.
i never stopped when the badals, during the sad-bjp rule, got 13 firs registered against me.
i will not stop now when the congress is doing same thing, he said.
bains claimed he is in touch with the officials from the office of ministry of external affairs.
i have already apprised them of entire matter.
i will be personally meeting extrenal affairfs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj upon my return from australia on may 1, said bains.
the fir against bains and his 10-15 unidentified supporters was registered under sections 451 (house-trespass in order to commit offence punishable with imprisonment), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from duty), 186 (obstructing public servant in discharge of public functions) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the ipc at model town police station in ludhiana.
b'foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (left) and gurpreet with her daughter at the indian consulate in frankfurt foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (left) and gurpreet with her daughter at the indian consulate in frankfurtexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who has proved to be an effective and hands-on minister in solving the problems of the indian diaspora, has done it again.
after gurpreet, a woman who was stuck in a refugee camp in germany, pleaded for help to the indian government through a video, swaraj intervened on twitter and paved the way for her rescue.
the woman, who has a eight-year-old daughter, said in a video posted on youtube that she was cheated by her husbands family and brought to germany.
after the video was intimated to swaraj by gurpreets family, the minister got her officials to get in touch with the indian consulate in frankfurt.
on wednesday, swaraj posted a picture of gurpreet and her daughter at the indian consulate after the latters rescue.
gurpreet is scheduled to reach new delhi today in an air india flight from frankfurt.
in another tweet, swaraj complimented indian ambassador to germany gurjit singh and consul general in frankfurt raveesh kumar for helping the woman and her child.
her response came following a tweet by a man who said around 800 indians are starving for the last three days in jeddah and sought her intervention.
(source: twitter/ @cgijeddah) her response came following a tweet by a man who said around 800 indians are starving for the last three days in jeddah and sought her intervention.
(source: twitter/ @cgijeddah)nearly 800 indian workers have reportedly been starving for the last three days in saudi city of jeddah after losing their jobs and minister of state for external affairs vk singh will be travelling to the gulf nation to sort out the issue.
her response came following a tweet by a man who said around 800 indians are starving for the last three days in jeddah and sought her intervention.
we have asked @indianembriyadh to provide free ration to the unemployed indian workers in saudi arabia, she tweeted.
she said mos external affairs m j akbar will take up the issue with kuwait and saudi authorities.
my colleagues @gen_vksingh will go to saudi arabia to sort out these matters and @mjakbar will take up with kuwait and saudi authorities.
i assure you that no indian worker rendered unemployed in saudi arabia will go without food.
i am monitoring this on hourly basis, she said.
i assure you that no indian worker rendered unemployed in saudi arabia will go without food.
i am monitoring this on hourly basis.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 30, 2016my colleagues @gen_vksingh will go to saudi arabia to sort out these matters and @mjakbar will take up with kuwait and saudi authorities.
/5  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 30, 2016we have asked @indianembriyadh to provide free ration to the unemployed indian workers in saudi arabia.
/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 30, 2016while situation in kuwait is manageable, matters are much worse in saudi arabia.
/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 30, 2016as a result our brothers and sisters in saudi arabia and kuwait are facing extreme hardship.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 30, 2016large number of indians have lost their jobs in saudi arabia and kuwait.
the employers have not paid wages closed down their factories.
as a result our brothers and sisters in saudi arabia and kuwait are facing extreme hardship, she said, adding while the situation in kuwait is manageable, matters are much worse in saudi arabia.
later, swaraj posted pictures of food being provided to the indian workers.
b'slamming the government,bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj termed as untruth its claim that the charges against cvc p j thomas was not brought before the high-powered selection committee of which she was a member and said she would approach the supreme court in this regard.
it is not at all true.
in fact,it is a mis-statement.
the leader of opposition in lok sabha told reporters that she had always stayed away from judicial proceedings but now i have decided to file my affidavit before the supreme court.
swaraj,who had put on record her dissent to the selection of thomas as cvc by the three-member committee,was reacting to the affidavit filed by attorney general g e vahanvati in the supreme court today that the panel was not aware of the charges in the palmolein export case pending against him in kerala.
the main opposition party had even boycotted the cvcs swearing-in ceremony a few months back as a mark of protest.
the government is speaking one untruth after another untruth.
she asserted that her main objection to thomas appointment was that there was chargesheet against him in a corruption case and sanction was granted by kerala government for his prosecution.
an ngo,centre for public interest litigation,and others had challenged thomas appointment as the cvc,citing the pamolein import corruption case in which the top ranking official is an accused.
b'cm comes under heavy fire from all sides for hinting he wanted to serve mother indiaa day after he gave a strong indication of his prime ministerial ambitions,chief minister narendra modi on friday came under heavy fire from not only from congress and its allies,but also from nda ally jd-u.
the first salvo was fired today by union minister and congress leader manish tewari,who said he was worried about modis intentions.
i often worry about the statements of the gujarat chief minister.
i hope he doesnt want to do in the rest of india what he did in gujarat in 2002, he said in new delhi.
aicc spokesman rashid alvi also appeared to compare modi with yamraj,the lord of death in hindu mythology.
hours later,senior ncp leader tariq anwar said it appeared modi was not satisfied with presiding over the gujarat riots and that he wanted to re-enact the carnage in the entire country.
upas key outside ally samajwadi party too joined in the attack against the gujarat cm,saying there was more publicity and less work done by him.
i dont think that a single person can save the country.
its good to dream but public will decide who they want to give the countrys leadership to, sp leader naresh agarwal said.
nda ally jd(u) too mocked at modis statement,saying the country could be served even by serving gujarat and that modi had brazenly expressed his prime ministerial ambition.
the country can be served even by serving gujarat.
nitish kumar is serving bihar.
in a way,he is also serving the nation, jd-u general secretary and party spokesman shivanand tewari said in patna.
modi is already serving the nation as the chief minister of gujarat.
but when some politician says such things,it reflects the latent desire in his heart for the delhi crown, he added.
he is aspiring for a chair (of prime minister), tiwari said,adding that otherwise there was no need for modi to draw the distinction between service to the state and the country.
while virtually admitting his prime ministerial ambition yesterday,the gujarat cm had said it was the duty of every child to repay the debt he owes to mother india.
not only modi,every child and citizen owes a debt to mother indiait is his duty to repay the debt whenever an opportunity arises.
everybody has to repay this debti hope mother india gives her blessings and nobody goes away without paying this debt, he had said.
cm skips key bjp meeting on karnatakagujarat chief minister narendra modi on friday skipped the first meeting of bjps central election committee (cec),in which he was inducted last weekend to mark his ascendancy,that finalised 140 candidates for the may 5 karnataka assembly elections.
modi is also set to skip the launch of bjps poll campaign in the state with a mega rally on april 8.
leaders of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley have decided to raise their hands to be counted in bjps last-ditch attempt to save karnataka despite dark shadows over party prospects cast by intense factional rivalry during the last five years in the state.
swaraj and jaitley are slated to join bjp president rajnath singh in launching the bjps poll campaign on april 8.
the bjp has organised a vijay sankalp sammelan on april 8 that will be addressed by rajnath singh,sushma swaraj and arun jaitley, bjp general secretary ananth kumar announced after releasing partys first list of candidates.
narendra modi will participate in campaigining in karnataka,but vijay sankalp sammelan will be addressed by rajnath singh,sushma swaraj and arun jaitley, kumar said.
its now bjps turn to slam communal talkcongress is playing negative communal politics by attacking gujarat chief minister narendra modi as it wants to divert the discourse from development,bjp said friday.
congress and upa government in desperation are reacting negatively to what modi says.
deliberately,they want to communalise the issue and want to divert development discourse into a communal discourse, bjp spokesperson prakash javadekar said.
as congress cannot showcase their development,they are politicising and communalising issues.
this is negative communal politics.
defending modi,javadekar said the gujarat chief minister talks about development knowing very well that maintaining law and order is its primary pre-condition.
modi was speaking about development and country knows that after 2002 unfortunate riots,gujarat for the last 11 years has not witnessed any riots because we believe that pre-condition to development is law and order and absence of communal tension.
that is what gujarat and all bjp-ruled states have achieved, javadekar said.
b'families of those killed in iraq in delhi.
(express file photo: renuka puri) families of those killed in iraq in delhi.
(express file photo: renuka puri)the remains of 39 indian workers killed by the isis in mosul are being stored in a freezer at the medico legal institute, iraqs forensic sciences department in baghdad, and will be handed over to minister of state for external affairs v k singh when he travels to that country, an iraqi official told the indian express over phone.
singh is expected to travel to iraq in the coming days to return with the remains of the indian workers which were found in a mass grave in mosul and identified through dna matching.
the dates for the ministers travel have not yet been fixed.
an official of the ministry of external affairs said it was unlikely to be this week, may be next week, but nothing is fixed yet.
on tuesday, punjab chief minister amarinder singh told the assembly that the bodies would be arriving next week.
for now, singh will bring back 38 sets of remains.
the dna match in the 39th case is not yet conclusive, and may take a few more weeks, iraqi officials associated with the process said.
unfortunately, the 39th person is yet to be fully identified.
it will take some time before this process can be completed.
his remains will be sent separately, when the process is completed, said an iraqi official.
the official said some legal paperwork pertaining to the international transfer of bodies from iraq needs to be completed.
iraqs procedures to hand over mortal remains for transfer outside the country are lengthy, including documentation such as travel papers of the deceased.
also, the al shuhaada foundation or martyrs foundation, the government agency that found the mass grave where the bodies were buried, has its own procedures for handing over remains.
an official in the iraqi justice ministry said the two countries may have to sign a legal agreement for the transfer.
a week ago, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed parliament that all 39 indians abducted by isis in 2015 had been killed and their bodies recovered from a mass grave in badoosh.
the families of some of the dead met the minister in new delhi on monday, and were told that the bodies would be brought home at the earliest.
the bjp in karnataka launched its campaign for the may 5 elections to the assembly with a massive vijay sankalp rally here on monday but seemed to put more focus on setting the ground for the 2014 parliamentary elections rather than winning the state polls.
with senior bjp leaders rajnath singh,arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj unable to attend the rally after their aircraft from new delhi reportedly developed a snag,it was left to bjp general secretary ananth kumar,chief minister jagadish shettar and other leaders to sound the clarion call for votes.
there is a political environment in the country that is in favour of the bjp.
karnatakas voters must join this wave that is in favour of the bjp.
in the past the bjp gave you the vajpayee model of development,soon the country will have the narendra modi model of development, ananth kumar told the unenthusiastic gathering collected by the bjp from around the state.
the price of rice today is rs 50 per kg.
the prices of all commodities are going up.
the price of petrol and diesel has shot up.
the congress has given birth to this price rise and corruption, the bjp general secretary said.
putting aside speculation on whether gujarat chief minister narendra modi would campaign for the bjp in the karnataka polls,ananth kumar said modi would come on a whirlwind tour.
mp ahead of gujarat,says uma bhartibhopal:newly appointed bjp vice-president uma bharti on monday said madhya pradesh was ahead of gujarat.
praising mp cm shivraj singh chouhan,she said: under chouhans leadership,madhya pradesh is even ahead of gujarat,because the states which have no ports have lot of difficulties in achieving development,compared to those which have ports and which are on countrys border.
ensmodi arrives in kolkatakolkata:gujarat chief minister narendra modi arrived here monday evening to attend certain programmes on tuesday.
modi is scheduled to attend a programme organised by a chamber of commerce in the morning and a political programme in the evening,organised by the state unit of the bjp.
b'parliament highlights: tdp mps demanding special status for andhra pradesh outside parliament on tuesday (express photo/praveen jain) parliament highlights: tdp mps demanding special status for andhra pradesh outside parliament on tuesday (express photo/praveen jain)both houses of parliament were adjourned for the day tuesday without transacting any business.
the three no-confidence motions against the narendra modi-led nda government, given by ysr congress member y v subba reddy and tdp mps thota narasimham and jayadev galla, were not moved in the lok sabha.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, meanwhile, addressing the rajya sabha, confirmed that the 39 indians who were abducted by the islamic state terror group, have been killed.
deep penetration radar confirmed that all indians have been killed.
their bodies were exhumed, she said.
the men, from punjab and himachal pradesh, went missing in june 2014.
the indian government had previously believed they were lodged in a jail in badush in northwest mosul.
the congress, left front, samajwadi party (sp), trinamool congress (tmc) and the aimim have extended support to the tdps no-trust motion.
aiadmk is yet to take a final call on its course of action.
home minister rajnath singh on monday told the house that the party is ready to discuss any issue, including the no-trust vote.
witty sidesenior bjp leader murli manohar joshis name continues to do the rounds for a gubernatorial assignment even though his name did not figure in the list of governors appointed monday.
he, however, seems to be taking it sportingly.
a left mp, on meeting joshi recently, broached the topic of governors.
it drew a smile from joshi as he shot back: main nar hoon governor nahin (i am a man not a governor).
recall valueyou do not often see ministers recalling tv serials on a public platform and even commending it.
environment minister prakash javadekar did precisely that at the national media centre where he held a press conference on online forest clearances.
the minister while talking about how the new online process will end red tape recalled the popular tv series office office.
javadekar pointed out how the lead character, pankaj kapur, was popular because people faced such situations.
he assured that his ministry will now ease all bureaucratic bottlenecks by going online.
house lexiconin rajya sabha tuesday, when congress leader mani shankar aiyar described the trai amendment bill as nonsense, there were protests from the treasury benches about the word being unparliamentary.
deputy chairman p j kurien consulted the rulebook and ruled that the word is allowed but the expression bloody nonsense is unparliamentary.
campaign rankinghe may be the biggest crowd-puller among bjp leaders today, but prime minister narendra modi figures on no.
3 in the list of the bjps star campaigners for the forthcoming byelections to the uttarakhand assembly.
his name is behind party patriarch l k advani and home minister rajnath singh.
modis cabinet colleagues external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and finance and defence minister arun jaitley find their names on the fourth and fifth slots, respectively.
incidentally, bjp president amit shahs name is the 12th in the list.
exit biterahul gandhi usually breezes in and out of parliament, but it was different tuesday.
the congress vice-president usually uses gate no.
4 to enter and exit parliament.
on tuesday, he came out of the main gate only to find that his cavalcade was not there.
without waiting, he started walking towards gate no.
4, while his security personnel scampered to get the vehicle.
the confusion helped the media personnel who managed to extract the vaidik is an rss man bite from him.
india on wednesday strongly condemned what it termed as heinous and reprehensible terrorist attack in kabul.
prime minister narendra modi, who is in spain wednesday as part of a four-nation trip to europe, condemned the attack on twitter.
we strongly condemn the terrorist blast in kabul.
our thoughts are with the families of the deceased & prayers with the injured, he tweeted.
he also reiterated indias tough stand against terrorism.
india stands with afghanistan in fighting all types of terrorism.
forces supporting terrorism need to be defeated, he added.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a twitter post confirmed that all indian embassy staff were safe.
by gods grace, indian embassy staff are safe in the massive #kabul blast, she said in her post.
the ministry of external affairs said, in a statement, we share the grief of all peace-loving afghans and convey our sincerest condolences to the government of afghanistan and the families of victims of the mindless violence and wish speedy recovery to those injured.
the mea said all staff members of the embassy of india in kabul are safe.
the continuing violence even during the holy and pious month of ramzan reflects the diabolical nature of the perpetrators and its supporters, it said.
south sudanese policemen and soldiers are seen along a street following renewed fighting in south sudans capital juba.
(source: reuters) south sudanese policemen and soldiers are seen along a street following renewed fighting in south sudans capital juba.
(source: reuters)india is planning evacuation of its nationals from south sudan, which is witnessing escalated violence due to clashes between anti and pro government forces, and has advised indians not to travel to the war-torn country.
we are planning evacuation of indian nationals.
south sudan  i am aware of the developments in south sudan.
we are planning evacuation of indian nationals.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 11, 2016please register yourself with indian embassy and do not panic.
indian nationals are advised not to travel to south sudan.
watch video: whats making newson sunday, indian embassy in south sudan had asked indians stranded there to stay calm, assuring them that they are in constant touch with authorities in india and all options are being considered to provide relief to them amid heavy fighting between south sudans army and former rebels.
read | indian embassy in south sudan asks indians to stay calm amid unrestthe indian embassy is in regular touch with concerned authorities in india and all options are being considered for providing relief to indians stranded here in juba.
all are requested to keep calm and await further development and further inputs from the embassy, the advisory said.
according to official data, there are a few hundred indians in south sudan.
some of them have set up businesses in juba and others are working for various companies.
a small number of indian nationals also work in christian missionary organizations in that country.
south sudans capital is witnessing heavy fighting due to clashes between former rebels and government soldiers in several parts of the city.
bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves after a cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
(source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves after a cabinet meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
(source: pti)the ball is in nawaz sharifs court.
india will decide its next course of peace diplomacy after seeing the action pakistan takes on the evidence provided by india in the pathankot airbase attack, a top official in the government has told the indian express.
when asked if the foreign secretary-level talks were on track after the attack, the official said: nobody can give an answer to it because nobody knows yet.
as i said, it will depend on many things.
let us see what action pakistan takes.
watch video pathankot attack update: sharif tells modi he will actresponding to criticism drawing a parallel between 26/11, the airbase attack and pms lahore visit, the official said: the pathankot terror attack is a result of planning of many months and it doesnt have anything to do with the prime ministers lahore visit.
share this article related article pakistan to consider indias request to probe pathankot attack after eidpakistan to consider indias request to probe pathankot attack after eid pathankot attack probe: pakistan's jit to hold meetings with nia officers todaypathankot attack probe: pakistan's jit to hold meetings with nia officers today a step forward, fingers crossed: jem chief masood azhar, brother detained; groups offices sealed in pakistana step forward, fingers crossed: jem chief masood azhar, brother detained; groups offices sealed in pakistan pathankot attack: pakistan orders probe & raids, peace talks may get delayed as delhi waitspathankot attack: pakistan orders probe & raids, peace talks may get delayed as delhi waits terror attacks pathankot air force base, india-pakistan thawterror attacks pathankot air force base, india-pakistan thaw pathankot attack: sixth terrorist neutralised, combing operations to end tomorrowwe had prior information of it, this was the first success of the governments intelligence department, the official said.
two, in the mumbai attack we all know how nsg reached late and there was criticism of it.
here, nsg reached before the event.
in the mumbai attack, 166 people were killed.
here casualty was seven people.
the navy reached much later in mumbai but the army and air force units reached in time.
nsg handled things bravely and they saved hundreds of innocent who were inside the airbase.
b'infosys employee raghavendran ganesh.
infosys employee raghavendran ganesh.
he was travelling in the same coach of the metro in which the suicide bomber blew himself up, swaraj wrote on twitter.
his mortal remains are being handed over to the family in brussels.
read: pm modi condoles raghavendran ganeshans deathsources said ganeshans body could not be identified earlier and that belgian hospital authorities had to take the familys help for identification.
ganeshans parents and brother had travelled to brussels after the attack.
rip raghvendran!
the belgian authorities hv identified raghvendran as 1 of d victims f barbarian terror attacks of march 22.
@sushmaswaraj 1/2  india in belgium (@indembassybru) march 28, 2016mortal remains r in process of being handed2family f raghvendran to be taken 2 india from amsterdam airport.
@gauravcsawant @aditi_tyagi  india in belgium (@indembassybru) march 28, 2016at least 35 people were killed and over 300 wounded after two bombs exploded at brussels airport and one at maelbeek metro station.
ganeshan visited india last month when his wife gave birth.
he had spoken to his mother, who lives in mumbai, on skype before he left for work last tuesday morning  about an hour before the explosions.
after he went missing, swaraj had posted his photograph on social media and appealed for help to find him.
ganeshan was with the infosys ltd centre at pune before being deployed to brussels for a project with belgian telecom major proximus or belgacom mobile.
he had been in brussels for the last four years.
b'in india, the neo-liberal state has established, through state policy, a network of institutions that cater to medical and reproductive tourism.
(illustration by: c r sasikumar) in india, the neo-liberal state has established, through state policy, a network of institutions that cater to medical and reproductive tourism.
(illustration by: c r sasikumar)on august 24, the union cabinet cleared the surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, banning commercial surrogacy in the country.
the bill is based on the recommendations of the 228th law commission report of august 2009 and modelled on similar regulation in the uk.
in india, the neo-liberal state has established, through state policy, a network of institutions that cater to medical and reproductive tourism.
this has involved the provision of a range of incentives to the private sector in health  land at throwaway prices, customs duty exemptions for the import of sophisticated medical technology and loans at low interest rates.
the 1980s witnessed the emergence of a corporate health sector which became increasingly influential in policy setting.
studies reveal that these hospitals did not provide the services they had committed to deliver.
for example, many did not earmark beds for the poor.
a committee headed by justice a. s. qureshi found that private hospitals violated several of their terms of agreement.
the union government sponsored work on ivf at the institute for research in reproduction in mumbai in 1982.
this initiative was soon taken over by the booming private sector in health, especially the corporate sector.
according to the indian council of medical research, there were 250 ivf clinics in 2005.
the indian society for assisted reproduction has a membership of more than 600.
these clinics have now moved to smaller cities and towns to exploit the market in these areas, and indeed, to create them.
india emerged as a destination for people wishing to have assisted reproduction as well as for those wanted to hire surrogate mothers.
the surrogacy business in the country is said to be worth $445 million.
the cost of hiring a surrogate in india ranges from $6,000 to $8,000, as against about $80,000 in the us.
although there are wide variations, the cost of ivf in india is about $500 for each cycle, compared to $5,000 in the us.
the art industry also offers a regular supply of spare ova to another industry, the stem cell therapy industry  also unregulated in the country.
india has announced a public-private partnership with three european pharmaceutical companies and the british government for stem cell research.
the growth of reproductive tourism is justified as a win-win situation: women from abroad, desperate to bear biological babies, can now do so while indian women surrogates earn money.
studies indicate that women hiring themselves out as surrogates almost invariably do so out of economic necessity; and are exploited by a range of middlemen and women.
many ngos were set up by third party administrators (tpas) to recruit women for commercial surrogacy.
by and large, the surrogates get a fraction of the fees that the doctors and tpas do.
research reveals the commercial surrogate receives a quarter or less of the fees paid by a commissioning couple.
kumkum sangaris recent work is important in this context.
activists who work on gender issues, very often, rely on the concept of choice.
sangari shows that the concept disempowers women who have very little resources or assets.
it is also important to bring in insights from the reproductive justice movement, including that of women of colour in the us, who rejected the concept of reproductive rights as representing the rights of white women.
sangaris work is also important because she knits the rights of couples in the west to have a child with the unfreedoms of women in countries like india.
both are locked in by imperialism and patriarchy.
this could also problematise certain rights claimed by sections of the lgbt movement: the right to reproduction, and thus, to hire a commercial surrogate.
till very recently, india allowed commercial surrogacy for foreign gay couples, although not for indian gay couples.
thus an israeli gay couple could buy an ivy league egg (blue eyed, blond, high iq-ed, jewish eggs fetched the highest price) from the usa, bring it to new delhi or mumbai, and hire a commercial surrogate to bear the baby.
the ban on commercial surrogacy for gays in india in 2009 made nepal a destination for israeli gays who wanted the services of surrogates.
but nepal bans commercial surrogacy for nepali women.
so indian and bangladeshi women were taken to nepal to bear children for israeli gay couples.
after the earthquake in nepal last year, the israeli government arranged a special airlift of babies born through commercial surrogacy.
is this not trafficking?
meanwhile, in thailand, commercial surrogacy was banned following two major scandals.
the first one involved an australian couple who had hired a thai surrogate.
this case involved a twin pregnancy  this frequently happens with ivf.
one baby, a female, was  normal and was accepted by the commissioning couple.
the male baby, afflicted with trisomy 21 or downs syndrome, was abandoned by the commissioning couple.
what is even more significant was that the commissioning father had undergone a jail sentence for sexual offences against minor girls.
the second scandal involved a japanese commissioning father, who, it was discovered, had hired and impregnated 18 commercial surrogates.
the commissioning father claimed he had a vast business empire and only his biological children could inherit and run it.
all these factors meant that demand for commercial surrogates in india increased (it is equally significant that ukraine and russia are also sites for international reproductive tourism).
the ban will be fiercely resisted by the medical industry, the cii and ficci, and indeed a section of surrogates for whom this is a livelihood option.
the bill cleared by the cabinet bans all commercial surrogacy.
childless couples who have been married for more than five years may go in for altruistic surrogacy.
the bill also bans the commercial sale of oocytes.
while the bill did the right thing, it appears to have done so for the wrong reasons.
media reports suggest that the foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, announcing the bill, instead of the health minister, adduced indian culture as the reason for the ban.
but the issue is not about culture, it is about reproductive servitude and exploitation.
these are not central to the bills concerns; exclusion of single women, or indeed gays, from altruistic surrogacy is the bills central concern.
that is discriminatory.
a recent essay in the new york times gives voice, for the first time, to children born through commercial surrogacy.
they said they felt soiled.
all these testify to a failure of public health to prevent a problem.
there must thus be efforts to reduce the prevalence of infertility, while also making adoption easier.
b'sukhpal singh khaira, aap leader and leader of opposition in punjab vidhan sabha.
(express photo by jaipal singh) sukhpal singh khaira, aap leader and leader of opposition in punjab vidhan sabha.
(express photo by jaipal singh)the aap thursday asked the amarinder singh government to pay rs 1 crore each as compensation to families of all 27 victims of the iraq tragedy from punjab.
leader of opposition sukhpal khaira , who raised the issue in zero hour, also said that the district officials were not helping the families waiting for the remains of their kin.
citing the amritsar airport incident, where families of two victims waited for hours due to a slip-up by the district administration, he asked cm amarinder singh to issue strict instructions to the dcs on the matter.
cm responded by saying the incident a sad issue and said that the bodies would arrive this week.
he told the house that he was in touch with union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
about compensation, he added that the standard procedure was being followed.
we will definitely compensate them, said the cm.
akali leader bikram singh majithia accused the government of not paying the families monthly assistance, which interestingly made khaira jump to the cms defence and that amarinder had shown magnanimity by promising compensation.
as speaker pleaded with the leaders to maintain peace, congress member rana gurmeet singh sodhi said that sad-bjp, who are a part of nda, should go with congress to seek compensation from the centre.
mla kushaldeep singh kiki asked majithia to tell his sister (union minister harsimrat kaur badal) to take up the issue with centre.
the proceedings also saw a war for credit over the states decision to waive off its share of gst on langar in golden temple.
the credit was led to heated arguments between majithia and local bodies minister navjot singh sidhu, which led to the house being adjourned for half an hour.
while congress moved in a resolution to thank the chief minister waiving off states share and the assembly passed it, khaira kept pushing for the resolution to mention his name as the cm made the announcement after he raised the issue.
former finance minister and akali leader parminder singh dhindsa said during zero hour former deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal and party mp prem singh chandumajra had met union finance minister arun jaitley on thursday and urged him to waive off gois share from the langar.
he claimed that jaitley gave an assurance that centres share too would be waived.
this led the local bodies minister navjot singh sidhu, forest minister sadhu singh dharamsot and technical education minister charanjit singh channi, and congress members to protest dhindsas claim.
sidhu said if the centre should have done it earlier.
after sidhu, it was the turn of finance minister manpreet singh badal, who said he had raised the demand for waiving off the gst in three consecutive gst council meetings but it was outright rejected.
later, he also read out the minutes of gst council meeting quoting jaitley the demand could not be met with.
was the centre asleep for six months?
why did they not give the assurance earlier?
sidhu asked angrily as majithia tried to counter him.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sent a personal message to 24-year-old ian grillot, who was injured while trying to intervene during a shooting in which an indian techie was killed in kansas, and wished him a speedy recovery.
the indian consul-general in houston, anupam ray, met grillot and his family yesterday at the university of kansas hospital and handed over the message from swaraj.
india salutes the heroism of ian grillot!
best wishes for speedy recovery, ray wished grillot on behalf of the minister and the people of india, kshb-tv reported.
watch what else is making newsgrillot was released from the hospital on tuesday.
ray also said that sushmaswaraj swaraj has 7.
3 million followers, who all conveyed their best wishes.
we will stand with you, whatever you need, he said.
responding to this grillot said, i look forward to being able to go meet everybody.
grillot and his family are invited to india as soon as he is able to travel, according to a news release from the university of kansas health system.
grillot was shot in hand last week when 51-year-old american navy veteran adam purinton, prior to opening fire, uttered racial slurs and yelled get out of my country at the two indian victims.
indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla, 32, was killed while another indian man and his colleague alok madasani was critically injured.
in a video from his hospital bed, grillot had said: i was just doing what anyone should have done for another human being.
its not about where he was from or his ethnicity.
b'thomas uzhunnalils execution was reportedly confirmed at the easter vigil mass by cardinal christoph schonborn of vienna.
(source: facebook) thomas uzhunnalils execution was reportedly confirmed at the easter vigil mass by cardinal christoph schonborn of vienna.
(source: facebook)amid reports that an indian priest was crucified by the islamic state (is) in yemen on good friday, the catholic bishops conference of india (cbci) has decided to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to seek clarity.
father joseph chinnayyan, deputy secretary general and director of the cbci, said the indian church could not confirm reports of the priests death.
we have checked with all reliable sources, no one could confirm the news.
i even spoke to the austrian agency that put out the news.
it got its information from informal sources, so its not a baseless report, he said.
chinnayyan said the cbci would meet swaraj monday night.
reverend thomas uzhunnalil was kidnapped in yemen on march 4 during a raid on a nursing home run by mother teresas missionaries of charity, the washington times reported.
his execution was reportedly confirmed at the easter vigil mass by cardinal christoph schonborn of vienna.
swaraj, who is on a three-day visit to the country, landed in capital city baku on wednesday.
she also held talks with her azerbaijan counterpart mammadyarov, and is expected to represent india at a ministerial meeting of the non-aligned movement over the next two days.
this is her first bilateral visit to the country.
read: why is sushmaswaraj swaraj going to azerbaijans capital baku?
india and azerbaijan enjoy warm and friendly relations based on historical and cultural ties.
our countries share the values of democracy, respect for plurality and multiculturalism, she said.
also read | what is the non-aligned movement (nam)?
eam @sushmaswaraj met with foreign minister of azerbaijan mammadyarov.
ministers reviewed all aspects of bilateral relationship, specially in areas of trade & investment, connectivity, energy, pharma, it, agriculture, films, tourism & culture and civil aviation.
@azerbaijanmfapic.
twitter.com/fchkr8xkcc  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) april 4, 2018bilateral trade between india and azerbaijan has increased from around $50 million in 2005 to nearly $460 million in 2017.
azerbaijan has invited indian firms to set up joint ventures in the country for production of pharmaceuticals and medical products.
the counties also noted that since the opening of the baku-tbilisi-ceyhan (btc) oil pipeline to the mediterranean port, indian oil companies have been buying substantive quantities of crude oil.
they also emphasised the need for concerted efforts to deal with climate change, and other common challenges.
going forward, india and azerbaijan have expressed interest to partner in the field of agriculture, including in cotton and tobacco cultivation.
earlier on wednesday, just before her departure from new delhi to baku, the ministry of external affairs had said in a statement that india, which is a founding member of nam, remains committed to the purposes and principles of the movement.
the external affairs ministers participation in the nam ministerial meeting will underline indias continued active and constructive engagement within the movement with a view to further strengthen solidarity and cooperation among its member states, the statement further added.
b'families of the 18 soldiers killed in sundays attack on the 12th brigade headquarters at uri are grieving and angry.
the day after, they mourn the loss of a brother, a husband, a son, a father, a friend, and call for immediate retribution and vengeance on pakistan.
their anguish  and their desperate rage  is understandable.
it is a flailing for some sort of justice and closure.
as the government thinks through its response, it must heed their voices.
it must also listen to those who may not have lost a dear one at uri but are frustrated still with the apparent impunity with which such attacks are mounted on indian soil, time and time again, taking their terrible toll.
yet, in the difficult hours and days to come, it would be an abdication of the responsibility of leadership if the government were to allow itself to be led by this outpouring of raw emotion  or by the war-like noises of those who seek to dictate foreign policy from their perch in social media.
for government, the calculus in this moment must surely be compassionate, but it must also be cold-eyed and level-headed.
it must factor in the magnitude of what is at stake as well as the nature of consequences of any decision to come.
for india and pakistan, uri is a never-before milestone.
yet india has been here before.
at least on three occasions since the kargil war, an indian government has had to calibrate its response in the face of grave provocation from pakistan and mounting public pressure within.
on two of these, after the 26/11 attack on mumbai 2008 and after the parliament attack in 2001, indias government retreated from an outright escalation  with very good reasons.
in the third instance, after the hijack of the ic 814 in 1999 with 176 passengers on board, the nda government bent to the jingoistic clamour whipped up by private indian tv channels that had earlier that year beamed a war live into indias drawing rooms and arrogated to themselves the power to stoke nation-wide hyper-nationalism.
atal bihari vajpayees government released three terrorists  and that day has returned to haunt successive governments.
today, it hangs as a cautionary tale after uri.
so far, the governments sobriety has been reassuring.
a path may already be taking shape, if it looks carefully.
in the last two years, prime minister modi has invested enormous political capital in forging equations and relationships with other world leaders.
in the uri aftermath, the unequivocal expressions of support for india and condemnation of terrorism sponsored by its neighbour are a dividend that india could now profitably build upon.
as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj heads to the unga, india must prepare to forcefully press home its case and rally global support in its attempts to corner pakistan.
that could be the way forward from uri.
b'threat to india?
syria, turkey and afghanistan have warned india to take precautionary measures in their fight against islamic state and feto.
threat to india?
syria, turkey and afghanistan have warned india to take precautionary measures in their fight against islamic state and feto.
india could face a threat from fethullah gulen terrorist organisation  (feto) warned turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu during his visit to india where he met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
this, after turkey continues to recover from a failed coup, with president recep erdogan pinning the blame on that organisation.
but its not just feto.
over the last week, afghanistan and syria have warned india to step-up preventive measures to ensure that the islamic state does not manage to set-up its base in the country, even as reports emerge that radicalised indian nationals are travelling to west asia to join the militant organisation.
feto a new threat to india?
turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu on saturday said india faced a threat from (feto) asserting that the organisation was a secretive transnational criminal network with a presence across the globe.
unfortunately, feto has also infiltrated india through associations and schools, cavusoglu said, adding that he brought up the issue during talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
cavusoglu said terrorism, in all its forms and manifestations constitute a threat to india and turkey, and therefore, exchange of information regarding these threats and bilateral and multilateral cooperation and solidarity against terrorism is crucial.
spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup said the government was sensitive to turkeys concerns and that the countrys security agencies were looking into ankaras demand for closure of associations connected with feto which were reportedly carrying out illegal activities.
within turkey, feto keeps its distance from established islamic political parties, but is active active in areas like education, interfaith dialogue, civic opportunities, humanitarian aid, media, finance, and health.
after the failed coup attempt in july this year, turkish president erdogan blamed the group for the coup and the authorities arrested thousands of its soldiers beside suspending over ten thousand education staff.
also, the licenses of over 20,000 teachers working at private institutions were revoked for their alleged affiliation to glen.
however, fethullah glen strongly condemned the coup, and rejected claims of his involvement.
more than 240 people died and over 1,500 others were injured as a fallout of the failed coup.
you can read more about feto here.
india must take islamic state seriously, says karzaithat india must take immediate steps to act against islamic state was also a view afghanistan president hamid karzai shared with indian authorities during his visit to india last week.
speaking to the indian express, karzai said the issue came up during talks between the two nations.
of course, we did.
this is a constant theme of conversations between india and afghanistan.
radicalism and religious extremism are causing loss of lives and property, and opportunity that we keep losing towards a better future.
so we did discuss this and is has to be taken very seriously by india, the afghan president said, adding that it is a totally foreign phenomenon for our region, is used for sinister purposes and, therefore, we must jointly address it.
when asked what made islamic state so different, dangerous and more sinister than other groups, especially when it came to india, karzai said: the objectives of is are more sinister.
the taliban were localised and they were afghans.
is is non-afghan and has no links with the taliban.
it is not indigenous and then it thinks regional, and in a hurtful way.
therefore, you have to be extremely careful in india, up and alert, preventing them from reaching india and hurting indian interests, as they do right now in afghanistan.
as per reports, some indians have also joined is and india should be extremely careful.
read the full interview with karzai here.
india has a role to play: bashar al-assadwhile cavusoglu asked the international community to work together to bring about the much-needed political transition in syria, saying it was not only a prerequisite to end the conflict, but also essential to effectively fight terrorism, syrian president bashar al-assad in a meeting with mos external affairs mj akbar reportedly said that as a growing power, india has a role to play in meeting the challenge of terrorism, urging india to play its role in ensuring stability in west asia.
akbar, who is on a week-long visit to west asia from august 17, reportedly told the syrian president that the age of destruction should give way to the age of reconstruction in syria.
there was also a broad agreement between both the sides for further upgrading security consultations.
pm narendra modi with secretary of state of the united states of america, john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
us secretary of commerce penny pritzker and us ambassador to india richard verma are also seen.
(source: pti) pm narendra modi with secretary of state of the united states of america, john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
us secretary of commerce penny pritzker and us ambassador to india richard verma are also seen.
(source: pti)on their way to prime minister narendra modis office, us secretary of commerce penny pritzker tripped and was helped by john kerry.
while kerry picked her file, another us official was seen helping pritzker with her shoe which seemed to be the problem.
steve herman, senior diplomatic correspondent of voice of america news, posted the video on twitter.
walking to @pmoindia office @pennypritzker trips and is helped up by @johnkerry.
pic.
twitter.com/pah5qawxgx  steve herman (@w7voa) august 31, 2016due to his travel to china for the g20 this weekend, john kerry will extend his stay in india, us state department deputy spokesperson mark toner told to ani news.
us secretary of state john kerry arrived in new delhi on monday to participate in the 2nd indo-us strategic and commercial dialogue held on tuesday where terrorism emanating from pakistan and other important issues, including economic matters like visas, were discussed.
during the dialogue, to be co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman along with kerry and us secretary of commerce penny pritzker, the entire gamut of cooperation between the two countries were taken up.
the dialogue was elevated into a strategic and commercial dialogue (s&cd) during the visit of us president barack obama to india in january 2015.
the first s&cd was held on september 22, 2015 in the us.
the two-way trade between the countries stood at about usd 109 billion last year.
united nations high commissioner for human rights zeid raad al-hussein.
(ap/file photo) united nations high commissioner for human rights zeid raad al-hussein.
(ap/file photo)as india prepares to respond to as many as 340 recommendations made by the international community at the human rights councils third universal periodic review in geneva today (september 21), it has emerged that a highly critical letter of indias human rights record, written by un high commissioner for human rights zeid raad al hussein to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in april, took as long as four months to reach the national human rights commission (nhrc) for action.
al hussein has been in the news recently over his frank criticism of india, ranging from delhis threat to deport its rohingya refugees back to myanmar where it is facing ethnic cleansing, to the broader rise of intolerance towards religious and other minorities as well as worrying developments in kashmir.
the current wave of violent, and often lethal, mob attacks against people under the pretext of protecting the lives of cows is alarming, the high commissioner for human rights had said as he inaugurated the 36th session of the human rights council in geneva on september 11.
but zeid al hussein, who is married into the jordanian royal family, has been watching indias human rights record for some time.
on april 12 he wrote to sushmaswaraj swaraj, recommending that the nhrcs powers be expanded to cover all relevant cases involving the paramilitary forces and the army, including in jammu & kashmir state, as well as empowering it to inquire into alleged human rights violations and abuses by the armed forces of india.
the letter, which is essentially an intermediate response to nhrcs application for reaccreditation to the ranking global alliance for human rights institutions (ganhri), has several other suggestions on what india can do to strengthen the nhrc.
it seems that ganhris sub-committee for accreditation had last november warned india that the nhrc must be much more diverse and representative in its make-up, so as to suo moto credibly deal with the countrys human rights record.
zeid al husseins suggestions include, establishing an open, transparent and merit-based selection process for the nhrcs governing body; appointing an advisory council, drawn from the ngo community and civil society, to its governing body, albeit without voting rights; empowering the nhrc to issue its own rules of procedure and guidelines; and establishing nhrc offices in the east, west and south of india and providing it funds to carry out its mandate.
but as chennai-based human rights activist henri tiphagne found through two rti applications, to the mea and to the nhrc in july, zeid al husseins letter to sushmaswaraj swaraj  with copies to then vice-president and rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, home minister rajnath singh and nhrc chairman h l dattu  took as long as four months to reach from south block, which houses the mea, to all these offices just down the road.
in an rti application to the nhrc on july 8, tiphagne asked about the contents of al husseins letter, when it had reached and what action the nhrc was taking in this regard.
within ten days, the nhrc had replied saying it had received no such letter from the mea.
a day earlier, on july 7, tiphagne had filed a similar rti with the mea, with the same questions.
six weeks later, on august 22, he finally received a reply from the mea, enclosing a copy of the letter.
the un high commissioner for human rights, it turned out, had written his letter to sushmaswaraj swaraj on april 12 and sent it to indias mission in geneva, which in turn had forwarded it to delhi.
at the human rights council meeting today, where indias case will come up, nhrc member j s koccher will be present on behalf of his organization, along with mea officials from delhi as well as rajiv chander, indias representative at its mission in geneva.
old-timers recall the time in 1993, in the wake of the babri masjid demolition, when then prime minister p v narasimha rao had sent then leader of the opposition atal behari vajpayee to lead indias delegation at the human rights committee meetings in geneva.
this time around, with big powers like the us themselves under considerable international scrutiny on their own rights record, delhi believes it can brazen it out.
the day after the al husseins criticism of india in geneva on september 11, rajiv chander responded by quoting prime minister modis sabka saath/sabka vikas slogan to the human rights council.
then he added : it is surprising that individual incidents are being extrapolatedindia is proud of its independent judiciary, freedom of press, vibrant civil society and respect for rule of law and human rights.
a more informed view would have not only recognized this but also noted, for example, that the prime minister himself publicly condemned violence in the name of cow protection.
of the 340 recommendations made by the human rights community to india, several deal with revising the afspa (switzerland, pakistan), enforced disappearances and impunity of security officials (japan, kazakshtan, greece), equality to same-sex minorities (ireland), anti-conversion laws (vatican, italy), freedom of religion and belief (pakistan, germany, canada, korea), refugees and stateless people (kenya, slovakia), protection of migrant workers (guatemala, uruguay), etc.
interestingly, the need to amend the fcra so as to allow freedom of association as well as the attendant rights of freedom of speech and expression have been brought up by several countries  germany, us, korea, norway, czevh republic and switzerland.
indias refusal to ratify the convention against torture, even after two decades, troubles several others  including portugal, germany, botswana, norway, czech republic, bulgaria, australia, japan, kazakhstan, korea, israel, chile, burkina faso, russia, denmark, indonesia, estonia.
the decision was made at a corps commanders meeting presided over by army chief general qamar bajwa at the general headquarters in rawalpindi.
(file photo) the decision was made at a corps commanders meeting presided over by army chief general qamar bajwa at the general headquarters in rawalpindi.
(file photo)pakistans top military generals today decided not to make any compromise on the death sentence given to indian national kulbushan jadhav on spying charges, notwithstanding indias stern warning that his hanging will have serious consequences on the bilateral ties.
the decision was made at a corps commanders meeting presided over by army chief general qamar bajwa at the general headquarters in rawalpindi, the militarys media wing inter-services public relations (ispr) said in a statement.
the generals were briefed about jadhav and it was concluded that no compromise shall be made on such anti-state acts, the statement said.
the death sentence to jadhav, 46, was confirmed by army chief gen bajwa after the field general court martial found him guilty of espionage and sabotage activities in pakistan.
pakistan claims its security forces had arrested jadhav from the restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
it also claimed that he was a serving officer in the indian navy.
the pakistan army had also released a confessional video of jadhav after his arrest.
india had acknowledged that jadhav had served with the navy but denied that he has any connection with the government.
the incident is expected to further deteriorate already strained indo-pak ties which were hit after deadly attacks in pathankot and uri by pakistan-based terrorists last year.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned that jadhavs execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
the top pakistani military officials also reviewed the national security environment and recent developments in the region at the 201st conference of corps commanders.
they discussed the progress of nationwide operation radd-ul-fasaad and provision of support to ongoing national housing and population census, the statement said.
gen bajwa lauded the efforts of intelligence agencies and other law enforcers towards the successful execution of counter-terrorism operations across the country, it added.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed uzma back home, calling her indias daughter.
(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed uzma back home, calling her indias daughter.
(file)an indian woman, who was allegedly forced to marry a pakistani man at gun point, returned home today after the islamabad high court allowed her plea and ordered police to escort her to the wagah border.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed uzma back home, calling her indias daughter.
i am sorry for all that you have gone through, swaraj tweeted.
uzma  welcome home indias daughter.
i am sorry for all that you have gone through.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 25, 2017uzma, accompanied by indian mission officials, crossed the wagah border near amritsar this morning.
uzma, who is in her early 20s, hails from new delhi.
she had travelled to pakistan earlier this month.
she has accused tahir ali, whom she reportedly met in malaysia and fell in love with, of forcing her into marrying him in pakistan on may 3.
uzma petitioned the islamabad high court on may 12 requesting it to allow her to return home urgently as her daughter from her first marriage in india suffered from thalassemia  a blood disorder characterised by abnormal hemoglobin production.
the court also returned her the immigration papers which she had said was taken away by ali, who had submitted the documents after being told by the court to do so.
she had been staying at the indian mission in islamabad after she accused ali of marrying her at gun point.
b'president pranab mukherjee to visit nepal (file photo) president pranab mukherjee to visit nepal (file photo)president pranab mukherjee is expected to visit nepal from november 3, a media report said tuesday.
indian president mukherjee is most likely to visit nepal from november 3, kathmandu post quoted a source as saying.
during a meeting in new delhi monday, minister for foreign affairs prakash sharan mahat and his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj agreed to expedite preparations for mukherjees visit to nepal, the paper said.
earlier, both sides had agreed that the indian president would visit nepal from november 1, but they have now agreed to postpone the date by two days in view of diwali.
the final decision regarding mukherjees visit will be taken during prime minister prachandas visit to india, which is starting from thursday.
nepal and india yesterday also held discussions about president bidhya devi bhandaris visit to india, which was earlier cancelled in may.
nepal government has also requested indian prime minister narendra modi to visit nepal.
prime minister prachanda, who is arriving in new delhi on a state visit, will extend an invitation to modi to visit janakpur, lumbini and muktinath, the report said.
the government has reconstituted the group of ministers looking after the issues of how to prevent sexual harassment at workplace and strengthen legal frameworks with home minister amit shah replacing his predecessor rajnath singh, officials said on wednesday.
advertisingthe other members of the reconstituted gom are: finance minister nirmala sitharaman, hrd minister ramesh pokhriyal nishank and women and child development minister smriti irani.
apart from singh, who is now the defence minister, the gom in the last government, had then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and then women and child development minister maneka gandhi as its members.
the gom was set up to examine and give recommendations for strengthening the legal and institutional frameworks to deal with and prevent sexual harassment at workplace in october 2018.
with the constitution of the new government post-elections, the gom undertook consultations with stakeholders and was examining various suggestions received, a home ministry official said.
congress leader shashi tharoor congress leader shashi tharoorwith rumours about congress leader shashi tharoors future floating again, the former mos for external affairs clarified on twitter that he is not joining the saffron brigade.
tharoor, who heads the parliamentary standing committee on external affairs, said he has spoken in favour of a pluralist india, and it does not match bjps ideology.
it may be noted that one of his senior colleagues, former external affairs minister s m krishna, who was with the congress for three decades, joined the bjp recently.
posting of choicebeing a close aide to the external affairs minister has its perks.
one gets plum postings, as is usually the norm.
so, when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs office director, vipul, had to choose his posting, he got what he wanted.
last week, he went to dubai and joined as indias consul general.
he was warmly welcomed by the indian ambassador in uae, navdeep suri.
some movementwith the centre indicating to the supreme court that it will process names for appointment to higher judiciary without waiting for the memorandum of procedure to be finalised, there is movement in many high courts to send names for appointment to the bench.
last week, for example, the collegium of the bombay high court recommended just one name for elevation to the bench.
many other high court collegiums are also expected to send names soon.
ipl cheerindian diplomats were rejoicing at the success of afghan cricketer rashid khan in the ipl on sunday.
the afghans have been tweeting about the leg spinner, who has become a leading wicket-taker in the first few days of ipl.
among those celebrating his success was meas secretary (economic relations) amar sinha, who has been indias ambassador to afghanistan and a vocal supporter of afghanistans participation in the ipl.
prime minister narendra modi, during his meeting with visiting us secretary of defence chuck hagel on friday, expressed concern over the deteriorating situation in iraq and its implications for the region, where india has vital stakes.
secretary hagel briefed the prime minister on the announcements by president obama on the steps that the us plans to take to deal with the situation, said a press release issued by the pmo.
modi also emphasised on the early completion of the election process in afghanistan and smooth transition of power so as to ensure peace, democracy and development there.
while sharing their views on peace in the asia-pacific region, modi stressed upon progress in defence manufacturing in india, besides others.
hagel also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj earlier friday.
meanwhile, during the meeting between hagel and defence minister arun jaitley, india and us agreed to take forward defence cooperation by agreeing to extend the new cooperation agreement that was signed in 2005.
the two sides decided to take steps for the extension of the new framework for the united states-india defence relationship, well before it expires in july 2015, a statement by the defence ministry said.
the two countries had signed new framework agreement in 2005 endorsing defence cooperation, technology transfer, trade, research, co- development and co-production of defence articles and services including advanced and sophisticated technology.
the 2005 agreement, which provides the overarching structure for the us-india defence relationship, expires next year.
the two countries also decided to take forward the defence trade and technology initiative, one of the issues on hagels agenda.
the development of our own indigenous capabilities is a major objective that guides our present policies.
in this direction, we have taken steps to raise the fdi cap in defence sector.
we look forward to working closely with the us in this regard, jaitley told hagel.
b'minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj with indian prisoner hamid ansaris parents.
(file) minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj with indian prisoner hamid ansaris parents.
(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday met the family of indian prisoner hamid nehal ansari and assured them of all possible help.
ansari, who was jailed for possessing fake id and illegally entering pakistan from afghanistan, was attacked at least thrice by his inmates in peshawar jail.
his family had been pleading the government to take some action.
ansaris parents have expressed hope in the government saying theyll find some ways to bring back their son safely.
we have full trust in the government, more so in sushmaswaraj ji.
we have been given assurance, said hamid ansaris mother.
earlier, sushmaswaraj swaraj had directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to hamid nahel ansari.
hamid nehal ansari, a mumbai resident arrested in 2012 for illegally entering pakistan from afghanistan reportedly to meet a girl he had befriended online, suffered injuries after he was attacked by inmates in the peshawar central prison.
hamid ansaris lawyer mohammad anwar also told the court that ansari had been kept in a death cell with a hardened criminal awaiting execution for a murder.
ansari had gone missing after he was taken into custody by intelligence agencies and local police in kohat in 2012.
in reply to a habeas corpus petition filed by his mother fauzia ansari, the high court was informed on january 13 that he was in custody of the pakistan army and was being tried by a military court.
his family also requested the pakistani government to have mercy on their son and send him back to india.
fauzia cited other such examples when indian nationals stranded abroad were rescued and said a kerala priest was immediately released when the case went to the foreign ministry by the cm and the prime minister intervened.
we continuously visit the ministries and they assure us and they are working towards it but we are still waiting for the final results, said hamids father nihal.
b'prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping.
(file photo) prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping.
(file photo)coinciding with the crucial plenary session of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) on june 23 and 24 in seoul, prime minister narendra modi is likely to meet chinese president xi jinping in tashkent on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit.
this meeting, sources said, could hold the key to chinese approval for the consensus at seoul.
ahead of the plenary session, speaking to the indian express, indian negotiators sought to de-link indias membership bid to nsg and chinas possible entry to the missile technology control regime (mtcr).
the discussions on indias membership will start at the expert-level meeting on june 21-22, which will precede the plenary session, sources said.
top government sources told the indian express that any link between nsg and mtcr could be counterproductive for indias nsg membership bid.
india is not a part of mtcr  there are processes to be followed for its imminent entry.
so, at this stage, india cannot agree on a quid pro quo with china on its intention to join mtcr, a source said.
china has been trying to become a member of mtcr for more than a decade now.
its application in 2004 was rejected following allegations that it was passing on its missile technology to north korea.
there has been some talk about india not blocking chinas entry if beijing goes along with the nsg consensus.
watch video: whats making newssources said the meeting between modi and xi is likely to take place on june 23.
modi is expected to meet russian president vladimir putin the same day.
russia too is making efforts to bring the chinese on board to support indias membership bid.
this will also be the first meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation after india and pakistan were accepted as full members last july in ufa  an elevation from the observer status.
on monday, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying said in reply to a question that admission of countries, who were yet to sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, including india, was not on the agenda of the seoul conference.
the inclusion of non-npt members has never been a topic on the agenda of npt meetings.
in seoul this year, there is no such topic, hua said, adding that nsg is still divided about non-npt countries entry into the nsg.
we understand that non-npt countries are very concerned but since the nsg is still divided on this issue, it is still not mature to talk about the entry issue at the annual conference in seoul, she said.
contrary to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs optimistic tone sunday, hua said the nsg should discuss the entry issue of non-npt countries as a whole instead of specific non-npt countries joining.
external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the issue of indias membership to the nsg is coming up at the plenary meeting of the group.
he, however, cautioned the media not to indulge in needless speculation and await factual developments.
apart from holding a discussion on matters of mutual interest, including high-level exchanges between the two countries, the two sides put stress on their commitment to further strengthen cooperation in diverse sectors.
apart from holding a discussion on matters of mutual interest, including high-level exchanges between the two countries, the two sides put stress on their commitment to further strengthen cooperation in diverse sectors.
prime minister narendra modi on friday told nepals deputy prime minister bimalendra nidhi that india is fully committed to strengthening the age-old ties of friendship and kinship between the people of both countries.
he also said that india will support the nepal government in all its endeavours for its socio-economic development.
this happened a day after india on thursday assured nepal that it will expedite the enquiry into the killing of a nepalese national at the india-nepal border allegedly by the indian border guarding force.
this was conveyed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a meeting with nepal deputy prime minister and minister for home affairs, bimalendra nidhi.
apart from holding a discussion on matters of mutual interest, including high-level exchanges between the two countries, the two sides put stress on their commitment to further strengthen cooperation in diverse sectors.
the external affairs minister expressed condolence over the death of a nepalese national she conveyed that the inquiry into the incident will be expedited by the indian side, an official release said.
nidhi also briefed pm modi about the recent developments in nepal.
b'attacked nigerian student endurance at kailash hospital on tuesday.
(source: express photo by gajendra yadav) attacked nigerian student endurance at kailash hospital on tuesday.
(source: express photo by gajendra yadav)that indians dont know what racism and hate crime means is far from the case.
most recently, since the gunning down of an innocent indian engineer, 32-year old srinivas kuchibhotla, in an austin bar in a hate crime, indians at home have been jolted anew to the dangers of ignorant racism in the united states.
the confusion of turbaned sikh americans with radical islamic terrorists, which still leads to vicious hate crimes against a wholly different, peaceful community, is also well documented.
further, between 2009 and 2013, a number of hate attacks took place on indian students enrolled in australian universities.
just last weekend an indian-origin cab driver was attacked in hobart, australia by a group of teenagers who yelled racial slurs at him.
the list of indians or indian-origin persons victimised by racism in the west is long.
however, we would be hard pressed to call all that racist, unless we also fully acknowledge that similar insults are more frequently hurled at and attacks executed on innocent foreigners who legally arrive at our own soil.
we are not just victims, we are perpetrators too and the recent incidents of violence against african students in greater noida, coupled with the mind-boggling charges of cannibalism and drug peddling, puts that in sharp focus.
the gunman who shot at srinivas kuchibhotla and alok madasani thought that they were arabs  a case of mistaken identity with much emphasis laid on it by the local media narratives.
the hater-murderer ignorantly inferred that all brown skinned men were arabs and in his mind all arabs were bad arabs.
but such mistaken identity cases in case of black skin are more than common in india.
in january 2016, a tanzanian woman in bengaluru was manhandled, her t-shirt torn off and her car set ablaze by a mob angry about a sudanese man who had run over a woman earlier that day with his car.
the traumatised tanzanian victim of the mob didnt even have an idea about the sudanese man.
the only similarly was that they happened to be both black.
in 2014, somnath bharti, delhis erstwhile law minister led an indiscriminate police raid against prostitution on the residents of khirki extension in south delhi, home to a sizeable number of delhis africans  citizens of nigeria, uganda, cameroon and democratic republic of congo.
the african women were humiliated and made to urinate publicly for drug tests while bharti was found on video, urging the police to arrest them.
gautambudh nagar: african nationals meeting ssp gautambudh nagar: african nationals meeting ssp dharmendra yadav regaring the suspected racial attack on them by the local in greater noida, gautambudh nagar on tuesday.
pti photo (pti3_28_2017_000160b)referring to the fir registered by the neighbors and parents of the deceased teenager manish khari against the five nigerians living in their locality, samuel jack, the president of the association of african students in india (aasi), told the telegraph, they accused them [students] of being cannibals.
that is the kind of ignorance against black people.
another few innocent nigerians were beaten up by a mob elsewhere.
the apparent crime of all these africans in greater noida: nothing at all.
racism in india tends to be viscerally ingrained as a part of the system, rather than as an acknowledged problem.
it doesnt raise enough eyebrows and goes largely unchallenged.
that is perhaps due to the fact that racial violence against black people and indians from the north-east fits right in with other forms of violence rife within segments of the society  against other groups with a high vulnerability quotient such as white women, indian women, lower castes and various regional/religious minorities.
we refuse to acknowledge racisms ugly head that lives amongst us, perhaps because it fits right in with a bunch of other stereotypes.
indians may have been mistreated by the colonial masters, but once the british raj ended  we ourselves usurped those roles and internalised that blatantly unjust mentality.
color and complexion-based discrimination in the indian society of course predates the arrival of the british, back to the vedic caste system that favored the fair-skinned aryas over the caliginous dasyas.
the descriptions of what a raakshas or a demonic, negative figure looks like is often closely associated, particularly in the minds of the older generations, with the color and features of black people  in no less part due to the visual representations of demons and villains over the years in television and cinema, that have only reified this established, grotesque equation.
consequently, the unwitting foreigners get embroiled in the lands centuries-old discriminatory practices and africans are treated like third class  like the bottommost, expendable rung.
due to the lack of quality education options in india, especially in terms of its access to foreigners, and an increase in prosperity in african nations which has increasingly put europe and north american universities within reach  education in india has been a declining attraction for african students, even though the indian government provides them many scholarships and grants.
most of the african students who come to india are attracted to the opportunity of cultural exchange with the indian community and that is precisely what they dont get.
bollywood is a huge cultural export in various african countries and it fuels an exciting image of the country and its people.
not to mention, there are also sizeable and well-integrated indian diasporic communities in various african nations that sustain the goodwill.
but such hope are dashed very quickly when they meet the upsetting reality on ground.
the caste systems prolonged maintenance of a socially unjust order was made possible by the silos it created to isolate sections of people by demanding a cut-off in interaction between different rungs of the caste ladder.
it is well known now that isolation fuels prejudice and ignorance, which in turn stoke violence.
africans, including students, by various accounts, are isolated by the indian communities residing around them.
barring individual exceptions that exist everywhere, people are generally reluctant to interact or involve them in the community.
sure, there are good africans and bad africans just as much as there are good indians and bad indians but ugly stereotypes like drug peddlers, prostitutes, violent and criminals irrevocably cling to and follow all blacks in almost any corner of india.
an african woman walks through one of the few neighborhoods that rents apartments to people of african origin in new delhi, india.
(ap photo/saurabh das, file) an african woman walks through one of the few neighborhoods that rents apartments to people of african origin in new delhi, india.
(ap photo/saurabh das, file)ignorance, lack of acknowledgement and denialin most nations, the path of ending gender, race and class discrimination is unpaved.
in india, this path is still rural and rocky as if this nation has not decided the road even worthy.
it is a footpath that we are left to tread individually, wrote dr. diepiriye kuku-siemons, an african-american, erstwhile phd.
candidate of sociology at delhi university in 2009, who analysed his experience with racism over a period of more than 5 years as a black man in india, in his outlook india article titled india is racist and happy about it.
people dont want the attitude to change, he observed.
eight years have passed since then and unsurprisingly, nothing has changed for black people who spend time in india, because the biases are so deep rooted and no efforts have been made to loosen them.
criminal, not racial, they say.
but how clear is the same race and racism when indian-origin students suffer unprovoked attacks in majority white countries.
what do motivated international students and immigrants look for in their host country?
tolerance, acceptance, opportunities to experience, interact and exchange with the local people and to feel safe in making a home away from home, amongst new people.
indian immigrants and students abroad certainly expect that and it is worth remembering that indian diasporic population happens to be one of the largest in the world.
but there can be no home when one is constantly on tenterhooks, forced to seek safety by residing in numbers and withdrawing into its fold against pervasive verbal and physical hostility outside.
african students are typically not accepted by the local communities living around them and nothing good can come out of such social isolation, where the newcomers are not even given a fair chance and expressions of hatred against them seen as normal.
anyone can do anything here, said abdou ibrahim, an architecture student from chad at sharda university and the former president of association of african students in india, in the wake of violent attacks on nigerian students at ansal mall in greater noida.
a lot of these people ignorantly believe that africa is a country  instead of 54 sovereign nations, each with a distinct history and culture.
they cannot even imagine how big africa is.
tanzanians are not the same as nigerians or south africans, says ibrahim, there is no other reason.
it is always about education.
when someone calls us kaala, habshi  whatever name they can call you  imagine you are going out in the streets and kids come and call you these kind of names.
from where are they getting this kind of information as a kid?
, says ibrahim, if you look around no one talks about it.
jalandhar: foreign students protest in jalandhar on wednesday over the recent attacks on african nationals in greater noida.
pti photo jalandhar: foreign students protest in jalandhar on wednesday over the recent attacks on african nationals in greater noida.
pti photoits pretty clear that education here should not be confused with literacy, matriculation or even a college degree.
its a mindset  a limited and ignorant one that is all too common and thrives even in some school textbooks and politician utterances.
further, the absence of recognition of race-based hate crimes are not recognised in india  which is understandably seen by the victims as an insulting denial.
one flummoxed ghanaian national recently wrote in a heart-wrenching facebook post: the government of india will only speak for matters to cool down but will not pass laws to condemn racial abuse.
its not even a case of only blacks, the case of north easterners as well same people who come from india are even hated.
what else are you guys looking for.
but yet you apply for h-1b to live in another mans world and no one harms you (sic).
the violence against students in greater noida and the bizarre ignorance such acts reveal on the part of co-residents is downright deplorable and shameful in 2017.
it would be a huge mistake to permit enervation of indias historically good relationships with african countries, which actually rose from a shared experience of subjugation and anti-colonial struggle against imperialists.
going forward there is a lot of work that the indian central and state governments need to do to strengthen law and order to protect international students and simultaneously raise awareness in india about various african countries and peoples without limiting that to neighborhoods with african residents.
b'in his call on with maduro, ansari was accompanied by minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and secretary west sujata mehta.
(file photo) in his call on with maduro, ansari was accompanied by minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and secretary west sujata mehta.
(file photo)vice president hamid ansari today held talks with venezuelan president nicolas maduro on a host of issues of mutual interest after arriving here to attend the 17th nam summit.
ansari called on maduro in his first official engagement in venezuela after arriving here as the leader of the indian delegation at the non-aligned movement (nam) summit in the absence of prime minister narendra modi, who is only the second indian premier to give the cold war-era blocs summit a miss after charan singh in 1979.
in his call on with maduro, ansari was accompanied by minister of state for external affairs m j akbar and secretary west sujata mehta.
the meeting between ansari and maduro came less than a month after venezuelan foreign minister delcy rodriguez visited india to personally hand over an invitation for indias participation in the 17th nam summit.
she had held substantive talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to explore deepening of ties in a range of areas including in trade and investment and hydrocarbons sector.
the two countries had also agreed to finalise a number of key pacts including double tax avoidance agreement.
the two sides had agreed to move ahead for an early finalisation of a number of agreements in different areas, including extradition treaty, double tax avoidance agreement (dtaa), mutual legal assistance treaty (mlat) on criminal matters and air services agreement.
she said the government issues emergency certificates to all such indians whose passports have been taken away by their employers and tries to retrieve the passports.
responding to concerns of members on high air fares of those returning from abroad, she said the external affairs ministry has taken up with the civil aviation ministry for not charging workers returning from abroad high air fares.
replying to supplementaries on problems faced by indians going or returning to gulf countries, she said government is sensitising states to inform returnee workers about resettlement programmes and financial support schemes initiated by the government that could help resettle them.
she said the government was ready to work closely with the state governments in this regard.
the government has initiated a policy of providing training in skill development and for honing up communication skills to all those wanting to go abroad for workwe are now trying to remove the bottlenecks.
we are trying to provide pre-departure training through our skill development initiative, she said.
the minister said the government was closely monitoring the evolving political and economic situation in the middle east where over 8.
5 million indian expatriates are presently residing.
the ongoing economic downturn in the gulf countries due to fall in crude oil prices has affected indian expatriate workers.
the government is working in coordination with the governments in gulf states towards extending all possible assistance to indian nationals abroad, she said in a written reply.
she said indian missions and posts are working proactively to address the concerns of the resident indian community and complaints pertaining to employment related issues are taken up by indian missions with foreign employer and concerned labour authorities for prompt redressal.
presently, a section of indian workers facing difficulties in two major saudi companies namely, saudi oger and the saad group, are being brought back to india.
the saudi authorities have extended necessary support to the affected indian workers of these companies including in waiver of fines on iqama (resident permit) related violations, providing exit visas and one way return tickets to india as well as transfer of sponsorship, wherever possible, on gratis basis, she said.
the process is nearing completion and 4870 indian workers have returned so far, she said, adding the government has worked closely with the states to ensure that the returnees reach their destination in india without any hassle.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi.
pti photo by manvender vashist new delhi: prime minister narendra modi.
pti photo by manvender vashistthe issue of alleged racial attack on an indian man in australia was on monday raised in the lok sabha by the congress which sought the prime ministers intervention in ensuring the safety of large indian population there.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said the safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government and it will not leave any stone unturned in ensuring their safety.
raising the issue during the zero hour, congress mp k c venugopal said indian-origin taxi driver from kerala, li max joy, was assaulted in australias tasmania state and added that such attacks were on the rise in that country.
venugopal said it was a racial attack as the assaulters had hurled abuses like you bloody black indians at him.
joy, who is pursuing a nursing course and working as a part-time taxi driver in australia, alleged that five people including a girl hurled racial abuses and assaulted him at a restaurant in north hobart.
the incident came a week after an indian-origin catholic priest was stabbed in the neck at a church in melbourne.
li max joy was racially abused.
it is a serious issue  the government there is not making serious attempts to catch those involved in the assault, he alleged.
read: australia: kerala man injured after attack by group shouting racial insultsreplying to his contentions, kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj takes up cases involving indians with authorities of foreign governments and that safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government.
it is a matter of serious concernwe are with the overseas indians.
we will leave no stone unturned to ensure safety of indians abroad, said kumar.
venugopal also raised the stabbing of the indian-origin priest in melbourne and demanded a strong response by india to such incidents.
he said these were not stray incidents.
33-year-old joy was admitted at the royal hobart hospital with deep wounds.
he was later discharged from hospital and he reported the incident to police.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajmembers in the rajya sabha, cutting across party lines, on thursday extended a warm welcome to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when she came to the house after a long absence due to health reasons.
as soon as she was spotted stepping into her front row seat during the zero hour, members began thumping their desks and it continued for some time as she acknowledged with folded hands.
greeting 65-year-old swaraj, deputy chairman p j kurien wished her a long and healthy life.
we are all happy to see a healthy and smiling sushmaswaraj ji, he said, as the minister accepted the wishes.
during the question hour, the minister also replied to queries to members.
swaraj underwent a kidney transplant on december 10 at the aiims.
she had participated in the proceedings of the lok sabha on wednesday.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajin her quest for the parents of geeta, the deaf-mute girl who was brought back to india from pakistan last year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to bihar chief minister nitish kumar seeking his help.
vikas swarup, spokesperson, ministry of external affairs (mea), said details like geetas photographs over the years, identification marks, have been provided to the bihar chief minister and he has been requested to forward it to the officials at the district level.
our efforts are on to ascertain her parents.
few days back external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to bihar chief minister nitish kumar providing him her details.
the letter has geetas photos, how she looked before.
we have sent details about her identification marks.
we have also given details about her possible areas of origin as indicated by her, swarup told a news conference.
he has been requested to pass on the information in all districts and from there it can be passed on to village level so that the process of finding geetas family could be expedited, he said.
geeta, the deaf-mute girl, returned to india in october last year, nearly 15 years after she accidentally crossed over to pakistan.
she has been staying in indore at an institution for hearing-impaired people till her family is located by the government.
she was also invited as a guest at the republic day ceremony, swarup said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)government today termed as unfortunate the incidents of attacks on african students in greater noida and said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will make a statement on this in the lok sabha on wednesday.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar assured the house of an impartial probe in the matter after rajeev satav (congress) raised the issue during the zero hour, asking the government to take serious note of this and make a statement.
the whole house shares the concern of the member (satav).
two incidents have happened and they are unfortunate.
sushma swaraj has spoken to the uttar pradesh chief minister.
action has already started.
inquiry will be impartial.
when the house meets next on april 5, she will give a statement, kumar said.
satav said these students, including a woman, were beaten up mercilessly and quoted local officials to say that over 450 african students live in the area.
b'foreign secretary s jaishankar.
(source: express file photo by renuka puri) foreign secretary s jaishankar.
(source: express file photo by renuka puri)foreign secretary s jaishankar left for seoul, south korea on wednesday ahead of the nuclear suppliers group plenary meeting which is scheduled to be held on thursday.
indias entry to nsg is expected to be discussed during the meeting.
china to play a constructive role in the discussions on indias nsg membership, a foreign ministry spokesperson told pti.
suppliers group members had three rounds of unofficial discussions on india and pakistans membership in the grouping, a chinese foreign ministry spokesperson said.
china on monday had said that it was unlikely that issue of indias entry to nsg would be discussed during the seoul meeting.
b'released from custody after their high-pitched campaign for hoisting the national flag in srinagars lal chowk was thwarted,bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley accused the omar abdullah government of surrendering to separatists.
seven bjp activists were arrested in srinagar for attempting to hoist the tricolour at lal chowk which had been turned into a fortress while party cadres in jammu attacked a car of national conference minister after a press conference by swaraj and jaitley.
india completes 61 years of being a republic.
this is the first republic day after emergency when leaders of opposition of both houses of parliament were kept under arrest.
we were taken into custody for wanting to hoist the tricolour in our own state of j and k. is that a crime ?
she asked.
jaitley said both the centre and the state government wanted to send a message to the separatists that the bjp leaders have been stopped to appease them.
the two leaders held a press conference along with anant kumar soon after being released in kathua by the state government in the afternoon.
my first question to the government is what kind of a republic is this ?
asked swaraj.
she rubbished the invitation extended over phone by the chief minister to jaitley asking the bjp leaders to participate in the republic day celebrations in srinagar.
was he not aware that we were under arrest ?
she asked adding,our invitation is that you (omar) join us and unfurl the national flag at lal chowk, she said.
describing as unfortunate the detention of senior leaders,bjp president nitin gadkari also rubbished charges that the party was playing politics over hoisting the national flag.
some people say there is politics in hoisting the national flag at lal chowk.
i dont understand what politics can there be in hoisting the flag this is not politics, gadkari told reporters on the sidelines of the national flag hoisting function at the bjp headquarters in delhi.
he alleged that the centre and omar government were bowing to pressure from the separatists.
likening bjps plan to hoist the flag to party ideologue shyama prasad mukherjees kashmir campaign,senior leader l k advani said the agitation has brought to the forefront the issue of fully integrating j-k with the rest of the country.
police in srinagar arrested seven bjp activists as they made a vain bid to hoist the national flag.
a lone bjp supporter appeared at regal chowk,less than 100 yards away from clock tower at lal chowk,carrying the tricolour at 8.
30 am,officials said.
srikant,a resident of gurgaon in haryana,was apprehended by police personnel before he could make his way to the venue for hoisting the flag.
he was taken to kothibagh police station.
six other bjp activists were arrested near a prominent hotel here for violating prohibitory orders at around 11.
00 am,the officials said.
those who have been arrested in jammu and kashmir have brought this issue before the whole country.
i think our yuva morcha and our two leaders in parliament (swaraj and jaitley) have gone there and what they have done with a lot of courage has brought this issue and that of unifying the whole of kashmir to the forefront, said advani.
advani recalled the movement launched by mukherjee to unify the whole of kashmir with the rest of india and the nda regimes amendment of the flag code allowing all indians the right to hoist the tricolour on all days.
it is a result of this that we have started this agitation so that we can say that we have unfurled the flag at lal chowk, he told reporters after unfurling the tricolour at his residence on republic day.
in the early 1950s,mukherjee had launched an agitation against the permit system to visit jammu and kashmir and a separate flag and constitution for the state.
he was arrested after his entry into j-k and died while in jail.
i want to say that republic day is a day which should make every indian feel proud of being an indian feel proud of the idea of india,of it being a secular democracy, he saidwhatever happened yesterday in j-k reminds us of mukherjees sacrifice and the kashmir agitation he started to fully integrate it with india.
we should keep working in this direction it also reminds me that the nda government amended the flag code to give every citizen the right to hoist the tricolour from january 26,2002 onwards, he said.
at least 16 separatist leaders,including jklf chairman yasin malik,were arrested in srinagar as they tried to march towards lal chowk.
malik and other leaders including bilal gandi lone and moderate hurriyat leader shahidul islam were arrested around noon,a jklf spokesman said.
the bjps controversial ekta yatra was stopped as it entered jammu yesterday after crossing the one-kilometre bridge that joins madhopur in punjab with lakhanpur in j-k.
swaraj and jaitley were on a rath (chariot) leading party supporters,many of them,waving the national flag before they were arrested.
they were moved to a hotel after they were taken into custody.
the bjp trio had planned to enter jammu and then make their way to srinagar to unfurl the national flag at lal chowk.
both the state government and the centre had made it clear this would not be allowed on the grounds that it could precipitate the situation in the kashmir valley.
the authorities had also taken into consideration the threat by separatists who had warned that they would take on the bjp with a march of their own to lal chowk.
speaking to reporters in kathua,70 kms from jammu,bjps youth wing national president anurag thakur said omars invitation to party leaders to attend republic day function either in jammu or in srinagar was a mere lip service.
it is a lip service by him (omar).
we do not give credence to it and turn it down, he said.
meanwhile,former party president rajnath singh ended his hunger strike over the issue in delhi this morning after gadkari requested him to do so.
jaitley termed the stopping of flag hosting yatra as pyschological and idealogical surrender of the centre and omar government before kashmiri separatists.
the state and central government wanted to give amessage to separatists that they have stopped the yatra from entering j-k to please the separatists,he later told a public rally hosted by state bjp to welcome them after their release.
lashing out at the omar government for thwarting bjps plan,he said this is first instance since independence (1947) that taking in hand a national flag or hoisting a tricolour has become a crime in j&k.
it is total surrender of the state government.
it is psychological and idealogical surrender to the separatists,he said.
he said,we now have the misfortune of being abducted the state government at midnight.
if anyone is taken forcibly,it is called abduction.
you cannot extern opposition leader on the plea of security.
after 6 hours without any written order we were bundled in cars and sent out of the state.
it is a serious crime.
referring to the yatra,he said that it passed off peacefully in 12 states.
it has started an ideological debate over the kashmir policy.
anant kumar said lal chowk had been turned into lahore chowk by the state government by not allowing hoisting of the tricolour.
he said the state government had allowed separatists to unfurl the pakistan flag at lal chowk last summer.
b'the same applies to children of pakistans diplomats in delhi.
the same applies to children of pakistans diplomats in delhi.
amid strain in the relationship between india and pakistan, south block has classified the indian mission in islamabad as a non-school-going mission.
this means that diplomatic staff can no longer make their schoolgoing children stay with them.
however, their spouses are allowed to stay in islamabad.
about 60 schoolgoing children of indian diplomats will now have to discontinue their studies in islamabad.
the decision could compel many staffers at the mission to return to india.
sources said that in islamabad, a no kids policy is followed by a number of missions, including germany, france, australia, un organisations, uk (under 12), us, canada and the european union.
indias approach is in consonance with the policy adopted by several nations, a source said.
while it is not clear if there has been a specific security threat, concerns about the safety of children of indian diplomats were raised after an attack on peshawars army public school in december 2014, which claimed 144 lives.
confirming the move, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup said, it is a normal practice for all countries to review staffing and related policies for their diplomatic missions, including in view of prevailing circumstances at those stations.
with effect from this academic session, officials posted in the high commission of india in islamabad have been advised to make arrangements for education of their wards outside pakistan, till further notice.
sources said the decision was taken in june 2015  a year ago  to allow sufficient time for staff members to make alternative arrangements for their wards.
the decision will come into play once schools reopen after summer vacations.
sources claimed that pakistan may have leaked this one-year-old decision now to create tension and india-pakistan conflict because pakistans rhetoric on kashmir is not getting traction.
statements made by pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif since the killing of hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani on july 8 have incensed india.
sharif recently remarked that kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
pakistans foreign ministry spokesperson nafees zakaria, meanwhile, said that this is an informal, internal, administrative arrangement we were informed of two months back.
no other considerations were communicated to us.
according to officials, around 50 children of the officials and staff at the indian high commission study at the international school of islamabad, popularly known as american school.
many children from the diplomatic community attend this school.
ten other children study at roots international school.
b'from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pose for a photo after a meeting in moscow, russia on monday, april 18, 2016.
(ap photo) from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pose for a photo after a meeting in moscow, russia on monday, april 18, 2016.
(ap photo)seeking strong global action against terror networks, india on monday warned the international community that if it continues to adopt double standards in dealing with the menace there will be serious consequences.
significantly, swarajs remarks came after she raised with her chinese counterpart wang yi, before the tilateral, the issue of china blocking indias bid at the un to have jem chief and pathankot terror attack mastermind masood azhar designated as terrorist.
read | sushmaswaraj swaraj raises masood azhar issue at meeting with chinese counterpartindia believes that the foremost challenge to international security continues to be posed by international terrorism.
from left, chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj walk to a news conference after a meeting in moscow.
(ap photo) from left, chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj walk to a news conference after a meeting in moscow.
(ap photo)we must not fail in this regard.
if we continue to adopt double standards in dealing with terrorism it will have serious consequences not just for our own countries, but the international community as a whole, she said.
her remarks come in the backdrop of china stopping un sanctions committee from designating azhar as terrorist, maintaining that the case did not meet the requirements of the security council.
read: masood azhar doesnt meet un criteria to be banned as terrorist: chinatalking about the un security council reform, she said a greater urgency was required on the issue and sought support of russia and china.
let me also touch upon the issue of reform of un security council, on which there has been some positive movement with a text being put for the first time on the table for inter-governmental negotiations.
however, we need greater urgency on this issue.
i seek the support of my chinese and russian colleagues for taking the ign process forward, she said.
the external affairs minister said the slowdown of the global economy has created its own set of issues for economies of all the three countries and they must join hands in spurring growth.
we look forward to active participation of all members in the meetings of brics during our presidency this year.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with her chinese counterpart wang yi in a meeting in moscow on monday.
pti photo external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with her chinese counterpart wang yi in a meeting in moscow on monday.
pti photolet me end by re-emphasising the importance of ric for consultations on regional and global issues of common concern.
i look forward to our consultations, she said.
the last ministerial meeting of ric, that comprises the three emerging market economies with important influence at international and regional levels, took place last year.
b'bjp workers celebrate in guwahati, thursday.
ram madhav said the party did not make a single mistake.
(express photo: dasarath deka) bjp workers celebrate in guwahati, thursday.
ram madhav said the party did not make a single mistake.
(express photo: dasarath deka)if a foisted chief ministerial candidate and a centralised decision-making process cost the bjp delhi and bihar, then assam is its redemption.
as the bjp scored a decisive victory, party strategists said running a very different campaign from the ones it carried out in recent times has been the key.
from minimal engagement of the central leadership  prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah visited the state just three times each  to widespread consultations with the local leadership on ticket distribution and delegation of responsibility to a refusal to indulge in negative campaigning, the bjp studiously avoided the mistakes of delhi and bihar to manage its first toehold in the northeast.
watch video: elections 2016: three reasons behind each state victorycompare this to how modi targeted aap leadership during delhi polls, and how the local bjp unit was brushed aside to foist kiran bedi as the cm candidate.
in bihar, central ministers had camped in the state throughout the elections to oversee the campaign, with modi making 18 visits.
in assam, apart from modi and shah, rajnath singh visited twice, while arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj visited only once.
modi also made his first overt religious pitch to muslims in assam, when he spoke about his visit to saudi arabia and his engagement with the world sufi forum.
asked what the party did differently in the state, bjp general secretary ram madhav replied: everything.
elections 2016: big winners & loserscongress kept trying to draw us into non-local issues like performance of the central government, etc.
we stayed focused on development, assamese identity and crackdown on illegal immigration.
the onus of winning was on the state leadership.
all our mps went out on a limb to ensure best results in their respective constituencies we forged a dream alliance, a rainbow coalition and did not succumb to the temptation of going it alone, he said, adding that the swearing-in will be on either may 24 or 25.
we did not make a single mistake, madhav said.
sources said the campaign also saw a gradual drifting apart of the bjp and the rss.
the rss, said highly placed sources, was against the alliance with the agp and was so unhappy with candidate selection that it fielded independent candidates in seven seats, including one in guwahati.
this will be taken up internally, said a senior party leader.
some party insiders even said that the assam win could change the sangh-bjp dynamics, strengthening the hands of the shah-modi duo in party matters.
b'after a bilateral meeting the two leaders, modi announced that the two countries had agreed on a railway link as well as inland water connectivity  nepal will not only be land-linked, modi said, but also water-linked.
(express photo by praveen jain) after a bilateral meeting the two leaders, modi announced that the two countries had agreed on a railway link as well as inland water connectivity  nepal will not only be land-linked, modi said, but also water-linked.
(express photo by praveen jain)with prime minister narendra modi listening, nepal prime minister k p oli on saturday said he wanted to build a strong edifice of trust-based relationship between the two countries.
i have come to india with an aim to enhance our relations to newer heights commensurate with the realities of the 21st century, he said amidst concerns in india over china making inroads into the himalayan republic.
after a bilateral meeting the two leaders, modi announced that the two countries had agreed on a railway link as well as inland water connectivity  nepal will not only be land-linked, modi said, but also water-linked.
a joint statement on the rail link said, with the objective of expanding connectivity to enhance people-to-people linkages and promote economic growth and development, the prime ministers of india and nepal agreed to construct a new electrified rail line, with indias financial support, connecting the border city of raxaul in india to kathmandu in nepal.
pm modi with kp oli during ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhawan.
(express photo) pm modi with kp oli during ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhawan.
(express photo)this is perceived to be in response to reports that china and nepal had agreed to start technical works to build a cross-border railway link via tibet to boost connectivity.
this was decided in september last year during the visit of nepalese deputy prime minister and foreign minister krishna bahadur mahara to beijing.
another joint statement on inland waterways said, taking cognizance of their geographies and noting the development of inland waterways in both countries, the two prime ministers took the landmark decision to develop the inland waterways for the movement of cargo, within the framework of trade and transit arrangements, providing additional access to sea for nepal.
this new initiative would enable cost effective and efficient movement of cargo.
the prime minister of nepal noted the enormous impact the additional connectivity would have on the growth of business and economy of nepal.
while connectivity was the focus of the outcomes between the two sides, agriculture was another new area of cooperation.
oli told modi that he was keen to explore cooperation in the field of agriculture, especially in technology modernisation and organic farming.
foreign secretary vijay gokhale called these three new areas  railways, waterways and agriculture  as new game changing areas of cooperation.
pm modi said the nepalese pms vision for a prosperous nepal and developed nepal was in sync with his vision of sabka sath sabka vikas.
(express photo) pm modi said the nepalese pms vision for a prosperous nepal and developed nepal was in sync with his vision of sabka sath sabka vikas.
(express photo)modi, however, also underlined the issue of inclusion while developing nepal, keeping in mind the demands of the madhesis.
in his meeting, gokhale said, the prime minister expressed hope that the nepalese pm would carry (along) all segments of society in the political and economic development of nepal, that social stability will be maintained, that economic progress could be made.
modi stressed on social justice and social unity in his conversation, gokhale said, in an oblique reference to the issues and challenges faced by the madhesis.
in a press statement issued by modi along with oli, the indian pm said the nepalese pms vision for a prosperous nepal and developed nepal was in sync with his vision of sabka sath sabka vikas.
oli, however, emphasised on the principles of equality, justice and mutual respect  a reference to the blockade that disrupted nepals economy in 2015 during the madhesi agitation.
the differing choice of words displayed the sense of disquiet in the relationship between the two countries, which has been strained in the last couple of years.
gokhale, however, denied that china was discussed during the meeting between the two leaders, and maintained that bilateral relations was the focus of the conversation.
indian ambassador to nepal manjeev singh puri called the visit  olis first after taking charge in his second term  as significant, and pointed to indias assistance to nepal in the aftermath of the 2015 earthquake.
oli has met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and congress vice president rahul gandhi since his arrival on friday.
digvijay singh, senior congress leader (file photo) digvijay singh, senior congress leader (file photo)condemning the killing of an indian engineer in an apparent hate crime incident in the us, congress leader digvijay singh on friday said the nda government should take up the issue with the trump administration.
srinivas kuchibhotla (32), working at gps-maker garmin, was killed while his colleague alok madasani, both from telangana, was critically injured after an american man opened fire on them at a bar in kansas city last month.
we are extremely sorry at the death of the youngster from telangana.
it is an act of racism and we strongly condemn it.
the government of india must take up very strongly this case with the us administration.
such things cannot be tolerated, the aicc general secretary told reporters here.
he said prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj must talk to the us government and ensure indians working in america are protected.
telugu people are one of the largest groups among the indian community in the us and protection should be given to them, the former madhya pradesh chief minister said.
the rajya sabha mp said hate crimes and acts of bigotry have risen notably during the recent months in america.
b'protesters clash with security personnel in rohtak on friday.
gajendra yadav.
protesters clash with security personnel in rohtak on friday.
gajendra yadav.
the ongoing jat quota agitation in haryana took a violent turn on friday as three protesters were reportedly killed in clashes with security personnel  police confirmed that at least one person was killed in firing by bsf personnel.
by evening, shoot-at-sight orders were issued in rohtak and bhiwani and curfew was imposed in both these districts as well as jhajjar.
the army was called in and section 144 was imposed in at least six districts of the state.
watch video: army flag marches after jat agitators turned violentthe centre rushed paramilitary forces as rampaging mobs held some policemen captive and set ablaze the house of haryana finance minister capt abhimanyu, bjp mla maneesh grovers office and several government and private properties in rohtak, jhajjar, hansi and several other parts of the state.
visuals of the jat agitation, rapid action force & central reserve police forceover 70 vehicles were torched in rohtak and bhiwani.
late in the evening, there were reports that a few protesters had looted a private gunhouse in rohtak and decamped with arms and ammunition.
violent clashes were also seen in parts of jind, hisar, karnal, kaithal, panipat and sonepat.
despite mobile internet and sms services being blocked since early on friday morning, armed protesters went on a rampage as word spread about many casualties.
two of the dead have been identified as ajay, 20, of gaddi kheri village, and harinder, 22, of dhanana village in rohtak, the third victim is yet to be identified.
over 20 people, both protesters and security personnel, have been injured  at least two are reported to be critical.
watch video: haryana government should resolve jat quota row quickly, says hoodaone person lost his life as the bsf personnel returned fire after an unidentified person in the mob fired from his countrymade pistol, hitting a bsf constable in rohtak, said haryana dgp yash pal singal.
in another incident, the mob attacked a dsp and police personnel at the gate of the maharshi dayanand university in rohtak, and took them hostage.
the mob also damaged the digs vehicle.
they set fire to finance minister capt abhimanyus house in rohtak, and vandalised it, he said.
in delhi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister manohar parrikar met in the evening to take stock of the situation.
a decision was taken to put additional central forces on standby.
requisition was sent to the union government to send army to handle the situation in the districts of rohtak, jhajjar, sonepat, panipat, bhiwani, jind, hisar and kaithal, said singal.
the state government has also asked for 30 companies of paramilitary forces.
the state government has issued orders for blocking all social networking sites.
as and when the situation improves, these will be restored, said the dgp.
earlier in the day, chief minister manohar lal khattar had called an all-party meeting in chandigarh to discuss the jats demand for inclusion in the other backward castes (obc) category.
after the hour-long meeting, leaders of all political parties issued appeals asking protesters to maintain peace and harmony.
but the appeals failed to pacify the protesters.
the dna testing has confirmed the identity of 38 indians, the government was told on tuesday, she added.
the 39th persons dna has a match of 70 per cent.
the government had been maintaining that the 39 indians were well and alive.
the opposition, meanwhile, attacked the government for delaying the announcement of the death of the 39 indians.
slamming the government, mp shashi tharoor said: this is saddening for every indian, rest i would ask why was this information delayed by the govt, they should tell how it happened when they died.
also, the way govt gave high hopes to the families was not right.
congress chief rahul gandhi also expressed condolences to the families of the victims.
m j akbar m j akbarminister of state for external affairs m j akbar thursday said that india has the strength to stop the scourge of radicalisation because it has an ideological answer to it.
india has the strength and conviction to stop the spreading scourge of radicalisation because india also has an ideological answer to this menace, for we offer the template of a democratic polity and modernity to counter regressive jihadism and terrorism, he said while addressing the inaugural session of the two-day indian ocean conference in singapore.
he pointed out that maritime security is an important issue that needs to be discussed by the nations along the indian ocean.
lands have borders, but oceans have none.
yet, often, maritime issues become a reason for dispute among nations, he said, urging the participating countries to engage in a dialogue.
addressing the session via video conferencing, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj focussed on the importance of the indian ocean in the history of trade and culture.
african, arab and asian civilisations were already trading across the indian ocean before we were colonised.
and through trade also flourished culture, it merged and prospered across shores, she said.
speaking of its place today in world commerce, she said most of the worlds oil and other goods travel through the indian ocean and india is now working towards utilising the opportunity it offers through the sagarmala project.
taking swarajs point further, transport minister nitin gadkari spoke on the sagarmala port development project through which india aims to establish new ports modernise old ones.
the conference, organised by think-tank india foundation, aims to engage key political and intellectual figures from india, bangladesh, sri lanka and host country singapore, on subjects of commerce and culture.
among others present were sri lanka prime minister ranil wickremesinghe and singapores foreign minister vivian balakrishnan.
geeta, a deaf-mute indian woman who accidentally crossed over to pakistan more than a decade ago on her arrival at indore.
(pti photo) geeta, a deaf-mute indian woman who accidentally crossed over to pakistan more than a decade ago on her arrival at indore.
(pti photo)a couple from khammam district of telangana, who claimed that the pakistan-returned indian girl geeta is their daughter, are in bhopal to undergo a dna test.
krishnaiah and his wife gopamma, who have gone to bhopal for the dna test, feel that their daughter had resemblance, including birth marks, to geeta.
we feel that she is our daughter, krishnaiah told pti by telephone.
krishnaiah, a poor agriculturist, said their daughter, one of the four girl children, went missing in 1990s when they had gone to guntur to attend a religious meeting.
krishnaiah and his wife, residents of patamata narasapuram in julurpad mandal of khamam in telangana, have gone to bhopal in madhya pradesh with the help of an ngo.
geeta is the indian girl who accidentally crossed over to pakistan, where she was taken care of by a ngo.
she had returned to india following the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
b'external affairs minister sushgam swaraj addressing a press conference in delhi today.
file phot/agencies.
external affairs minister sushgam swaraj addressing a press conference in delhi today.
file phot/agencies.
watch video: whats making newsfirst, we want to solve every issue thorough talks.
second, talks will be between india and pakistan and no third country or party will be its part.
after pathankot attack, there were expectations from government and people that there should be some concrete steps from their side.
this expectation is not unreasonable.
so we are waiting for concrete steps from their side, she said.
also read| sushmaswaraj swaraj: china not protesting indias membership in nsgthe external affairs minister said pakistan has not refused to allow a team of nia to visit that country to carry forward the probe into the pathankot terror attack case and that it is just seeking more time to examine the evidence.
a five-member joint investigation team (jit) from pakistan had visited india between march 27 and 31 to collect evidence with regard to the attack.
india has been maintaining that since jits visit was on a reciprocal basis, the nia team investigating the case would like to visit pakistan.
they have not refused (to allow nia to visit).
they just said they want more time.
b'chinas foreign minister wang yi, at the 23rd asean regional retreat meeting in vientiane, laos.
ap photo chinas foreign minister wang yi, at the 23rd asean regional retreat meeting in vientiane, laos.
ap photochina today said its foreign minister wang yi will discuss with the indian leadership this week how to make the g20 summit in hangzhou and the brics summit in goa successful besides carrying forward the consensus reached by both nations to enhance mutually beneficial cooperation.
as the two largest developing countries and emerging markets, china and india will respectively hold the g20 hangzhou summit in september and the brics summit in october, foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying said in a statement.
during the visit, discussion about the two important summits will be on the top of the agenda for the purpose of building up consensus and making the summits successful, she said about wangs upcoming visit to new delhi.
prime minister narendra modi is expected to take part in the g20 summit to be held in chinas hangzhou city in the first week of next month followed by president xi jinpings participation in the brics summit in goa in october.
according to indian officials here, wang will arrive in india on august 12 on a three-day visit.
he is due to hold talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj and on august 13 is likely to call on modi.
both sides are expected to have candid discussions over china blocking indias bid to join the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) and new delhis move to bring about a un ban on leader of the pakistan-based jaish-e-muhammad terror group, masood azhar.
to become closer partners of development is a direction set by leaders of china and india.
during his visit to india, foreign minister wang yi will also communicate with the indian side about how to carry forward consensus between the two leaders and enhance mutually beneficial cooperation in different fields in a bid to make sure that the relationship will keep growing as planned, she said.
about the state of bilateral ties, hua said china-india relationship has been developing fast and sound in all aspects following xis visit to india in 2014 and modis visit to china last year.
the two countries enjoy in-depth pragmatic cooperation, and ever thriving people-to-people and cultural exchanges.
china and india have identical strategic goals and their common interests far outweigh differences, she said.
mutually beneficial cooperation and common development of the two countries will not only benefit the two peoples but also contribute to stability and growth of the region and beyond, she said.
b'the folk aphorisms in india often capture the essence of our peoples belief-system better than academic tomes.
one such aphorism is: bhagwaan ke ghar me der hai,andher nahi.
variations of it exist in all indian languages.
when darkness persists for too long,god unfailingly answers devotees prayers with a ray of light and hope.
thus,when the gloom of corruption spread all over the sky of governance in india,and when the prime minister himself started behaving like dhritarashtra,the blind and helpless king in the mahabharata,ordinary peoples fervent prayers have been answered with a ray of hope in the form of the supreme courts no-nonsense activism.
heads have begun to roll.
at least some scamsters,including one who was a cabinet minister until recently,have begun to breathe jail ki hawa,which is ordinary indians lingo to connote deserving punishment.
more are sure to find themselves behind bars in the coming months.
the government itself has had to eat one humble pie after another in quick succession.
what seemed impossible in india is beginning to happen.
all because some upright judges in the apex court,now headed by one of the best leaders it has had since its inception in 1950,have decided to stick their courageous necks out.
chief justice s.h. kapadia,unlike his predecessor,is not conducting himself in a manner designed to please the dual centres of power in upa,in the hope of grabbing a cushy post-retirement job.
he and many of his colleagues are simply performing their duty.
this ancient nation of ours,long before the constitution was adopted and the supreme court was born,has known that nothing dispels darkness more assuredly than when the dispensers of nyay (justice) perform their dharma .
how ill-advised the prime minister was when he chose to ignore the objections raised by sushmaswaraj swaraj,leader of the opposition in the lok sabha,in the appointment of the chief vigilance commissioner.
worse,still,he and his colleagues doggedly continued to defend their dubious decision even after the vulnerability of their stand became increasingly evident.
and how even more ill-advised he was,when speaking at the commonwealth law conference in hyderabad last month,he said that the power of judicial review must never be used to erode the role of other branches of the government.
judicial restraint,he went on to say,is vitally necessary to preserve the integrity and sanctity of the constitutional scheme premised on the diffusion of sovereign power.
his defiant comment was clearly directed at the supreme courts proactive role in the investigation of the appointment of cvc,the 2g spectrum scandal that has caused the government to lose upwards of rs. 50,000 crore,the shocking money-laundering case of hasan ali khan,and other cases.
in each of these cases,the supreme court has cracked its whip,exposing both the scandalous immorality that has spread in the upper echelons of the government and also the prime ministers own lack of will and ability to stem the rot.
dr singh should have exercised caution before sermonising to the supreme court not to overstep its powers and disturb the constitutionally architectured diffusion of sovereign power.
a weak prime minister,does not challenge a strong supreme court.
even a strong prime minister like indira gandhi could not survive her impudent confrontation with the highest court.
moreover,when he is derelict in his own duty,why is he blaming the judiciary for doing its duty?
had dr singh put his foot down and stopped his telecom ministers irregularities,had he rejected the recommendation of p.j. thomas name for cvc irrespective of where it came from  and it probably came from the other,higher,centre of power  and had he ordered the relevant agencies of his own government to start unearthing the illicit indian money stashed away in secret foreign bank accounts,the supreme court wouldnt have come into the picture at all.
sadly,dr singh has never realised that in the constitutional anatomy of our republics governance,the foot of the prime minister has more power than any other limb of the indian state.
as i stated in my last column (send them all to tihar),he still has time to exercise prime ministerial power in a way that raises his governments integrity to the same level as his own personal integrity.
if he fails to do so,his name will become just a footnote in indias history.
as far as the supreme court is concerned,it must continue to crack its whip  and crack it harder on every guilty person or office that has come under its radar.
which means,even those tainted former chief justices of india must get due punishment under the law if the allegations of corruption against them are proved.
this act of self-correction,will not only act as a deterrent to the entire multi-tier judiciary,whose sacred portals have been desecrated by the all-pervasive malaise of bribe-taking,but also further raise the supreme courts prestige in the immortal eyes of our constitution-makers.
the supreme court must not hesitate to go after even more high-profile cases of corruption and cover-up such as bofors and those involving leaders of other political parties.
indias governance and political system needs a shock treatment.
the sc-administered shock will hopefully bring it to its senses.
b'the cpi(m) today termed prime minister manmohan singhs acceptance of responsibility in the appoint of p j thomas as the cvc as nothing substantial and said it would await what he is likely to say in parliament on the issue.
it is nothing substantial.
it is but natural that the prime minister as the head of a high-powered committee (which appointed thomas) has to take responsibility, senior party leader sitaram yechury told reporters here.
he said since the prime minister has said he would make a statement in parliament,we should wait and see what the government has to say.
at a press conference in jammu yesterday,the prime minister said he accepted responsibility for the controversial appointment of thomas as central vigilance commissioner,which was struck down by the supreme court.
thomas,an accused in the palmolein import case in kerala,was appointed to the constitutional post by a committee,which had the prime minister,home minister p chidambaram and leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj who had distanced herself from the decision by recording a note of dissent.
the opposition has been demanding a statement from singh on his accountability regarding the controversial appointment.
the kumbh mela will be held between january 15 and march 4 next year in allahabad.
the kumbh mela will be held between january 15 and march 4 next year in allahabad.
the government plans to promote the kumbh mela as a destination for tourists, and encourage visitors and dignitaries from foreign countries to attend the event.
the kumbh mela will be held between january 15 and march 4 next year in allahabad.
prime minister narendra modi wants to promote the religious congregation as an international event and a destination for tourists as well as pilgrims, uttar pradesh minister sidharth nath singh said.
the pm wants the state government to invite dignitaries of foreign countries for the event, singh added.
as part of the promotion, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will take a group of diplomats, including ambassadors and high commissioners, to allahabad in december ahead of the event.
the pm may also invite some heads of states, sources said.
special arrangements will be made for the invitees and participants of pravasi bharatiya divas, which will be held in varanasi from january 21-23, to be taken to allahabad for the kumbh mela.
those who want to take a holy dip at prayag will be given the opportunity, singh said.
singh said the centre has cleared rs 1,200 crore for conducting kumbh mela.
the yogi adityanath government has changed the nomenclature of the mega religious congregation, held every six years and known as ardh kumbh so far, to kumbh mela.
for foreign visitors at the kumbh mela, there will be 1,000 swiss cottages including luxurious ones in arail area across the river.
the tourists will be brought to the mela venue by hovercraft, singh said.
according to a state government official, both the central and state governments want the kumbh mela this time to go beyond sadhus and become a tourism event.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: pti photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday promised medical visa to a pakistani man for his fathers liver transplant, prodding pakistans adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz to take up the case.
responding to the pakistan mans plea, swaraj wrote on twitter, my sympathies are with you.
we will give you the visa.
sartaj aziz sahib should recommend your case.
the man named saeed ayub had earlier written to indian foreign minister on twitter that he had to sell half of his assets for his fathers liver transplant but could not get a medical visa.
my sympathies are with you.
we will give you the visa.
sartaj aziz sahib should recommend your case.
http://t.
co/zzvqjafigy  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 4, 2017earlier this week she had offered another man from pakistan medical visa for his ailing son.
no.
the child will not suffer.
pls contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa.
pic.
twitter.com/4adwkfv6ht http://t.
co/olvo3oiymb  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 31, 2017because of recent turmoil across the border and strain relations, only a letter of recommendation by pakistan foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz will enable a pakistani national to get a medical visa for india.
b'bjp national secretary ram madhav (file).
bjp national secretary ram madhav (file).
how did you repackage bjp for assam?
each state is different.
its not about re-packaging the party but devising the right strategy for a given state.
we devised a strategy for assam keeping in mind the existing political situation and realities in the state.
did you tone down your hindutva agenda?
in assam, we found that the people of assam were worried about the lack of development by the congress government.
we made that one of our main issues.
second, there is a feeling among the assamese that both their identity and honour have come under severe threat due to the large population of illegal migrants.
we assured the people that we would bring development and do everything possible to secure assams honour and identity.
what were the factors that worked to your advantage?
first, it was the coalition we cobbled up.
it was a good mix a wonderful rainbow coalition.
it had representatives from every constituent of assamese society  bengali hindus, assamese hindus, tea garden workers, rabhas etc.
assam has seen such a broad coalition for the first time.
the second factor is that unlike in other elections, we did not allow this election to be influenced by national issues; we concentrated on state issues.
the congress tried to shift the discourse  they had more posters of kanhaiya kumar than of rahul gandhi.
we refused to accept that and consistently brought back attention to local issues.
they were so desperate that they even had photos of the gujarat riots there.
our consistency and resolve not to get distracted helped us.
third, the onus of the campaign was on local leaders.
of course, we had the prime minister, party president and union ministers rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari.
but the star campaigners were sarbananda sonowal and himanta biswa sarma.
we tried our best to do everything at the right time.
we have not committed any mistake during the campaign.
one mistake could have cost us the election.
the rss has been active on the ground in assam for many years.
has it helped the bjp?
the rss has been actively working in the northeast for many decades, but in social and service areas.
they dont do politics.
but the rsss association with every section of society helped us.
there were many social organisations and groups that helped us and some of these were rss-backed.
how far did himanta biswa sarmas entry help the bjp?
it helped us in two ways: first, his deserting the congress substantially weakened that party.
he was singularly responsible for the congresss victory in 2011.
sarma is hard working and is knowledgeable about assam.
he has worked very hard, untiringly.
will you repeat your assam strategy in other states?
each state is different.
you cannot have your delhi strategy in assam or anywhere else.
there have been many reasons attributed to the congresss debacle.
what is it about the congress that helped you?
not many people know that we started working on assam even before the general election of 2014.
our first success was when we won seven seats in that election.
from there, continuously and consistently, the congress has been weakened.
gogoi is a grassroots leader, but he could not sense the mood of the people.
he was left alone and he had no one to bank on.
in his 15 years of rule, gogoi has left nothing for the congress.
the states human resource indices have gone from bad to worse.
the congresss defeat was imminent.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: pti)minutes before he was to be executed by a firing squad in indonesia, indian convict gurdip singh got a second shot at life.
he was spared from execution.
back home in jalandhar, a telephone call early morning dramatically changed the sombre mood to one of euphoria and celebration.
gurdip called up his family and thanked the indian government and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for this miracle.
gurdip was charged for carrying heroin and subsequently sentenced to death by a firing squad along with 13 others.
the foreign minister is believed to have played a key role in this miraculous escape.
ever since the case was highlighted by the media, swaraj followed it up.
in a tweet on july 27, she wrote, gurdip singh is facing death sentence in a drug case in indonesia.
we are making last minute efforts to save him from execution on 28 july.
today, when the news came that gurdip has been spared from execution, swaraj tweeted, indian ambassador in indonesia has informed me that gurdip singh whose execution was fixed for last night, has not been executed.
this is not the first time that her quick response and intervention has helped an indian national in foreign land.
just browse through her twitter timeline, one will see how actively she responds to sos calls from the indian diaspora.
last week, judith dsouza was rescued from her abductors in afghanistan.
though swaraj praised indian ambassador manpreet vohra for her release, many believe she led the campaign in this case as well.
prime minister narenda modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meet judith dsouza, an indian charity worker kidnapped in kabul.
(source: pti photo)this february, an indian woman had urged the government to bring her back home from a refugee camp in germany.
in a youtube video, she had said her husbands family had cheated her and brought her to germany.
sushma swaraj intervened and asked her officials to help the woman.
officials from the indian consulate in frankfurt rescued her.
in all these cases, her personal influence and response have helped these people in a foreign land.
the africa summit scheduled in new delhi earlier this year was in jeopardy when many countries from the continent threatened to boycott the meet in the wake of attacks on their nationals.
they claimed these attacks were racially motivated.
swaraj, however, assured an african delegation that the government was working on a major strategy to address their concerns.
on the verge of being cancelled, the summit did take place.
and many attributed this to the efforts of the foreign minister.
when the new government took charge in 2014, prime minister narendra modi took personal interest in revamping indias foreign policy.
since then, modi has been calibrating the new foreign policy, taking personal interest in defining its contours and setting the agenda.
in this regard, he has visited a number of countries to improve indias relationship.
many now argue that sushmaswaraj swaraj has been sidelined and that the foreign ministry is modis baby.
no denying the fact that the pm is actively pursuing and dictating the governments foreign policy initiatives, but swaraj has been instrumental in making the crucial ministry more responsive.
an otherwise out of reach ministry is now accessible to the common man.
kulbhushan jadhav (file photo) kulbhushan jadhav (file photo)amid warnings of consequences form india, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and army chief general qamar javed bajwa on wednesday agreed not to bow to any pressure over the death sentence awarded to alleged indian spy kulbhushan jadhav.
sama tv quoted an official source as saying that the army chief called on sharif and took him into confidence regarding  jadhav.
a pakistani military court gave the death sentence to jadhav on monday on charges of espionage and waging war against islamabad.
the government has warned that if jadhav was hanged, it would be considered premeditated murder by islamabad.
while pakistan claims that jadhav was arrested in march 2016 in balochistan, india maintains he was abducted from iran.
pakistan has said jadhav worked for the research and analysis wing (raw).
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had on tuesday made a statement in both the houses, asserting that india will go out of way to ensure justice to jadhav who is an innocent kidnapped indian.
jadhavs execution will be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter, swaraj warned.
she said the charges against jadhav, who was doing business in iran and was kidnapped and taken to pakistan, are concocted and the trial against him was farcical, leading to an indefensible verdict.
b'an indian writer and a member of the travancore royal family is missing in senegal and is feared to have either been abducted by a terror outfit like the boko haram or picked up by senegalese security forces during an anti-terror sweep.
sources said shreekumar varma, a reputed author and son of indira bayi, the second daughter of the late travancore regent maharani sethu lakshmi bayi, has been missing for a few days now.
senegalese security forces in dakar have arrested more than 500 people as part of a crackdown following terrorist attacks in neighbouring burkina faso and mali.
a spokesperson of senegals ministry of justice has been quoted as saying that police operation around the cities of dakar and thies started last friday and some 900 people have been questioned for a range of offences from possession of drugs to counterfeit currency to not having proper vehicle documents.
the senegalese govt said while not directly terrorism-related, the sweep was aimed at ensuring senegal does not fall victim to an attack like its neighbours.
police carried out these security measures as part of an operation against the threat of terrorism, the spokesman said.
in new delhi, the ministry of external affairs official spokesperson vikas swarup said the matter is very sensitive and the indian embassy in senegal is working on it.
it is learnt that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has taken interest in the issue, and the mea is getting in touch with senegalese authorities.
chennai-based varma, who is 60 years old, is a playwright, newspaper columnist and poet, and is known for his novels including lament of mohini, marias room, devils garden: tales of pappudom, and the childrens book pazhassi raja: the royal rebel.
born in 1955 in the satelmond palace in thiruvananthapuram, his parents left kerala and settled down in madras when he was four.
he studied there and worked as a journalist, and later taught english at madras christian college and chennais mathematical institute.
b'nsa ajit doval.
(file photo) nsa ajit doval.
(file photo)national security advisor ajit doval on friday held talks with yang jiechi, director of foreign affairs commission and a politburo member of the communist party of china, in shanghai during which both sides agreed to maintain the pace of high-level exchanges between new delhi and beijing.
a statement released by the ministry of external affairs said dovals visit was part of regular high-level engagements between india and china.
the discussions covered a wide agenda spanning bilateral, regional and international issues of mutual interest.
the two sides agreed to maintain the pace of high-level exchanges, with a view to fully realise the potential of closer development partnership between india and china, it said.
this comes days after officials from both sides held a meeting in beijing to resolve a deadlock over indias membership at the nuclear suppliers group (nsg).
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will visit beijing on april 24 to attend different meetings of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) and interact with their counterparts on the sidelines.
this is the second meeting between doval and yang after the two-and-half-month long doklam standoff.
yang attended the 20th round of boundary talks between the two countries in delhi last december during which both sides decided to reset ties with more interactions.
after yangs visit to new delhi, foreign secretary vijay gokhale visited beijing in february and held talks with top chinese officials.
a day before he flew to beijing, gokhale had written to cabinet secretary p k sinha, urging indian officials to skip the events organised by the tibetan government in exile as part of the thank you india campaign on the 60th anniversary of the dalai lamas coming to india.
piyush goyal was in abu dhabi to attend a round-table conference on renewable energy.
(source: spa/twitter) piyush goyal was in abu dhabi to attend a round-table conference on renewable energy.
(source: spa/twitter)in a major goof-up by the saudi government, the indian flag was seen upside down during union minister piyush goyals meeting with his counterpart in abu dhabi last week.
this comes just days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj demanded an apology from e-commerce giant amazon for selling a door mat with the indian flag imprinted on it.
she also warned that no amazon representative would be granted visa if the product was not delisted from their site.
goyal was in abu dhabhi to attend a round-table conference on renewable energy.
the photos of the meeting were put out by the saudi press agency on twitter.
after the meeting, goyal tweeted that he held discussions with energy minister khalid al-falih on ways to deepen india-saudi arabia bilateral cooperation.
goyal also held bilateral talks with minister of climate change and environment, thani ahmed al-zeyoudi.
he later addressed the indian diaspora.
in 2015, when prime minister narendra modi met his japanese counterpart shinzo abe on the sidelines of the asean summit in kuala lumpur, the indian flag was hoisted upside down.
srinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansas srinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansascondoning the racial attack that claimed the life of srinivas kuchibhotla, in olathe, kansas, the us embassy and consulate in delhi, issued their condolences to the kuchibhotla family members saying, we extend our heartfelt condolences to the family and friends of mr kuchibhotla.
we share their grief, and wish a full and speedy recovery to those who were injured.
watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineerthe attacker, 51-year-old navy veternan adam purinton, also injured two others in the shooting  alok madasani, 32, and ian grillot, 24  who are now in a stable condition.
the consulate said that they had contacted the indian consulate and offer their full support as they continue to assist the victims.
it further said that it had full full faith that us legal authorities will bring the case to justice.
the american ambassadors deputy, marykay carlson, said she was deeply saddened by the shooting and went on t says that the united states is a nation of immigrants and welcomes people from across the world to visit, work, study, and live.
us authorities will investigate thoroughly and prosecute the case, though we recognize that justice is small consolation to families in grief.
.
@usandindia strongly condemns the tragic shooting of two indians and one american in kansas.
our deepest sympathies.
http://t.
co/wgjuv35iij  marykay loss carlson (@usambindia) february 24, 2017meanwhile, family members of srinivas kuchibhotla and his wife sunayana dumala left for texas late on thursday night from hyderabad, after getting news that he was shot dead in a racist attack in a pub in olathe, kansas, late wednesday night.
i have spoken to the father and mr.k.k.shastri brother of srinivas kuchibhotla in hyderabad and conveyed my condolences to the family.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had also condemned the attack and offered assistance to the family.
she has made arrangements to transport the mortal remains of the victim to hyderabad.
she tweet, i have spoken to the father and mr k k shastri brother of srinivas kuchibhotla in hyderabad and conveyed my condolences to the family.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajamid fierce trolling between the left and right platoons on twitter, the micro-blogging site doesnt cease to generate humour.
after a tweeple tagged a hindi newspaper report on a visa problem faced by the foreigner wife of a man from haryana, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj chose to respond in chaste haryanavi.
tell your bahu to put in a request for a visa extension, she suggested, promising help to the couple.
the tweet set off a string of comments, including this one: maam al habibi, huda dil dilau, rahemalua rakhalla please answer this also in my language.
her response to this one is eagerly awaited.
few takerswith the parliament session set to begin, congress leaders are keenly watching whether the high command appoints a new deputy leader of the party in the lok sabha.
the present deputy leader, captain amarinder singh, is busy in punjab, having begun his biggest public outreach programme halke vich captain.
he is spending a day in each of the 117 assembly constituencies in a bid to storm to power next year.
in all likelihood, singh will give parliament a miss, but what is interesting is that none of the senior mps is interested in the deputy leaders post.
it is to be seen whether the congress prefers status quo, elevates chief whip jyotiraditya scindia or opts for veterans like kantilal bhuria or mullappally ramachandran.
movie messagethe demand for special status for andhra pradesh has been worrying the bjp, which is keen to expand its base in the state.
the party has made a short film to dispel the misunderstanding and misinformation on the issue.
the partys secretary in-charge of andhra pradesh, sidharth nath singh, has requested union ministers m venkaiah naidu and nirmala sitharaman to watch the video and give suggestions to make it crisper.
the party then plans to launch mobile vans to screen the film, which will inform the people that the nda government has already increased andhras share of revenue from rs 98,820 crore in the 13th finance commission to over rs 1 trillion in the 14th finance commission.
date with didiwest bengal chief minister mamata banerjee is visiting delhi later this week to attend a meeting of the interstate council.
mamata prefers to travel to the capital when parliament is in session, perhaps so she can hobnob with other parties, but this time she will return just before the monsoon session begins on july 18.
that, though, should not lessen the possibility of her meeting a spectrum of leaders, given the interstate council meeting.
her visit has also set off speculation, considering this is her first visit since the spectacular assembly election victory.
union home minister rajnath singh union home minister rajnath singhin the backdrop of the recent karnataka assembly elections, union home minister rajnath singh will on friday hold consultations along with chief ministers on the recommendations of the punchhi commission.
the panels recommendations were recently cited by the bjp to justify karnataka governor vajubhai valas decision to invite b s yeddyurappa to form the government.
on the governors role, the commission recommended that the political party or combination of parties which commands the widest support in the legislative assembly should be called upon to form government.
besides singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari, union minister of road, transport and highways, shipping, water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation, who are part of the standing committee, are likely to attend the meeting.
the suggestions of the standing committee, comprising chief ministers, will then be placed before the inter-state council (isc), headed by prime minister narendra modi, officials said.
among the issues to be taken up will be recommendations related to public policy, good governance, socio-economic development, natural resources and infrastructure.
a number of important state-to-state and centre-state issues are likely to be resolved during the meeting.
in 2015, 82 such issues were resolved, a senior government official said, adding that issues related to environment, particularly due to the recent dust storm and upcoming heatwaves, will also be taken up.
the commission, headed by former chief justice of india madan mohan punchhi, was set up in 2007 to study centre-state relations.
it submitted its report, containing 273 recommendations in 7 volumes, in 2010.
the commission made recommendations on how governance and centre-state relations need to be organised to improve the quality of public services and promote inclusive development.
on good governance, it observed that the task has become more difficult as there is growing political mobilisation around sectarian and regional interests, people are disillusioned with the lack of integrity among the bureaucracy and growing incidence of waste of public funds, delays and inefficiency.
b'congress leaders sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi expressed condolences to siddharamaiah.
(pti photo) congress leaders sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi expressed condolences to siddharamaiah.
(pti photo)congress president sonia gandhi has expressed shock and deep anguish over the passing away of rakesh siddaramaiah, son of the karnataka chief minister.
extending her condolences to siddaramaiah, gandhi said that she and the entire congress party stood with him and his family in this moment of loss.
gandhi prayed for the peace of the departed soul and hoped that the almighty gives strength to the bereaved family.
my heartfelt condolences to siddaramaiahji on the passing away of his son.
my thoughts & prayers are with his family in this time of grief, party vice president rahul gandhi tweeted.
rakesh,39, died of multi-organ failure at a hospital in belgium on saturday.
he was undergoing treatment at antwerp university hospital in brussels, where he was rushed on tuesday after he developed sudden pancreas-related complications.
rakesh had fallen ill while touring belgium his father siddaramaiah rushed to brussels.
he had complained of severe stomach pain after which he was admitted to the hospital.
he was undergoing treatment for acute pancreatitis.
according to reports, his mortal remains will reach bengaluru on sunday.
on friday, siddaramaiahs official twitter handle @cmofkarnataka had tweeted, cm siddaramaiahs son rakesh fell ill while touring in belgium.
hospitalised and getting better.
cms family is in touch with the doctors.
the cm had gone to visit his son in belgium on thursday and monitored the situation while others family members arrived later.
watch video: whats making newsrakesh had left for belgium on july 21 with four friends.
the facebook profiles of some of his friends who were travelling with him reveal they were possibly headed for tomorrowland, one of the worlds biggest electronic dance music festivals, held annually in belgium.
the karnataka cm had refused to divulge details about his sons ailment.
he had sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs help to seek treatment of his son at a hospital in belgium.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday called on the president of cyprus, nicos anastasiades, and discussed areas of bilateral cooperation.
the visiting dignitary is scheduled to hold talks with prime minister narendra modi on key bilateral, regional and international issues later in the day.
anastasiades, who is currently on a five-day visit to india, was given a ceremonial welcome at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhavan.
he also paid homage to mahatma gandhi whom he described as an inspiration for cyprus freedom struggle.
in a series of tweets, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said, intensifying cooperation with cyprus.
eam @sushmaswaraj calls on president nicos anastasiades, discusses areas of bilateral cooperation.
president of cyprus paid homage to father of nation whom he later described as spiritual leader of cyprus and inspiration for its freedom struggle.
the bhartiya janata party (bjp) will be celebrating its 39th foundation day saturday.
prime minister narendra modi saturday greeted and thanked the bjp family saying the party has become indias preferred party.
39 years ago on this day, bjp was born with an unwavering commitment to serve society and take the nation to new heights.
thanks to the efforts of our karyakartas, bjp has become indias preferred party.
greetings to the bjp family on the partys foundation day, the prime minister tweeted.
click here for more election newsadvertisingasserting that the developmental work done by the bjp has endeared the party to all sections of society, pm modi said, the bjp stands tall due to its democratic ethos and patriotic zeal.
this is a party that is always on the ground, at the forefront of helping fellow indians.
our development work has endeared the party to all sections of society, across the length and breadth of india.
modi also put out a short video featuring speeches of partys founders, atal bihari vajpayee and l k advani, besides those of him and shah.
39 years ago on this day, @bjp4india was born with an unwavering commitment to serve society and take the nation to new heights.
thanks to the efforts of our karyakartas, bjp has become indias preferred party.
greetings to the bjp family on the partys foundation day.
pic.
twitter.com/fbhp3fbq2a  chowkidar narendra modi (@narendramodi) april 6, 2019the @bjp4india stands tall due to its democratic ethos and patriotic zeal.
this is a party that is always on the ground, at the forefront of helping fellow indians.
our development work has endeared the party to all sections of society, across the length and breadth of india.
chowkidar narendra modi (@narendramodi) april 6, 2019pm modi expressed his confidence that his party workers will work very hard to ensure bjps win in the upcoming lok sabha elections.
i am confident that the entire family of bjp karyakartas would be working day and night to ensure that our party and our allies are blessed yet again by the people of india.
in the last 5 years, lots has been done and we want to do much more for the country, he said in a series of tweets.
advertisingalso read | bjps foundation day: brief history of the achievements and failures of the partyi am confident that the entire family of @bjp4india karyakartas would be working day and night to ensure that our party and our allies are blessed yet again by the people of india.
in the last 5 years lots has been done and we want to do much more for the country.
chowkidar narendra modi (@narendramodi) april 6, 2019on the occasion, bjp president amit shah called upon party workers to put in an untiring effort to build a new india under modi.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also tweeted: today is the founders day of bhartiya janata party.
i congratulate all the workers, supporters and well-wishers of our party.
may our party win 2019 lok sabha elections with a thumping majority.
the party that is currently the largest political party in india, both in terms of representation in parliament, and in terms of party membership, has come a long way since its origins in the early 1980s.
while the bjp was formed on april 6, 1980, its ideological origins can be dated back to 1951 when congress politician shyama prasad mukherjee broke away from nehrus leadership to form the bhartiya jana sangh (bjs).
the party was formed in collaboration with the hindu nationalist organisation, rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), in opposition to the political practices of the congress party.
the mandate of the bjp was the preservation of hindu identity and culture.
b'during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
(mea twitter) during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
(mea twitter)india and vietnam on saturday inked three pacts, including one on nuclear cooperation, and resolved to jointly work for an open indo-pacific, while calling for a rules-based regional architecture.
in their talks, prime minister narendra modi and vietnamese president tran dai quang also vowed to expand bilateral cooperation in several key sectors, including defence, oil and gas, and agriculture.
we will jointly work for an open, independent and prosperous indo pacific region where sovereignty and international laws are respected and where differences are resolved through talks, modi said in a media statement in the presence of the vietnamese president.
both sides are committed towards expanding the bilateral maritime cooperation and for an open, efficient and rules-based regional architecture, he said.
the remarks come amid chinas growing assertiveness in the region.
on defence cooperation, the prime minister said both sides decided to collaborate in defence production and explore opportunities in transfer of technology.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
the three pacts signed after the talks between the two leaders would provide for cooperation in areas of nuclear energy, trade and agriculture.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen countrys comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
quang was also given a ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhavan.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj talks to with sri lankas prime minister ranil wickremesinghe during their meeting in colombo, sri lanka february 5, 2016.
(source: reuters) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj talks to with sri lankas prime minister ranil wickremesinghe during their meeting in colombo, sri lanka february 5, 2016.
(source: reuters)india and sri lanka on friday reviewed the progress made in their bilateral ties discussing various issues including that of fishermen, a major irritant in the relations, as the two countries signed mous in education and health sectors.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her lankan counterpart mangala samaraweera discussed the entire gamut of relationship during the 9th indo-lanka joint commission meeting in colombo co-chaired by them.
the fishermen issues was discussed by the two ministers.
they talked about the intricacies involved, officials said.
india invited sri lankan fisheries minister to visit the country and colombo has accepted the invitation, the officials said.
the joint commission meeting which lasted for more than two hours discussed the issues such as economic cooperation, trade, power and energy, technical and maritime cooperation, social, cultural and educational matters, science and technology, defence cooperation, health, civil aviation, tourism and people-to-people contact.
two mous were signed after the meeting  one on renovating 27 schools in the tamil-dominated northern province and the other on building a surgical ward and supplying medical equipment to the batticaloa teaching hospital in the east.
sri lanka also proposed partnership in setting up a special economic zone (sez) in trincomalee and increase cooperation in aviation sector.
swaraj, who arrived in colombo on friday on her second visit to the country within a year, earlier held talks with prime minister ranil wickremesinghe at the prime ministers office temple trees, and the two leaders had a fruitful exchange of views.
during their 50-minute long meeting, the prime minister sought indian investment in sri lanka and proposed partnership in setting up a sez in trincomalee.
wickremesinghe also proposed to make the joint commission meeting an annual affair.
the two leaders also talked about state university linkages.
the joint commission was set up in 1992 as a mechanism to address issues of bilateral cooperation.
the last meeting of the joint commission was held in new delhi in january 2013.
the fishermen issue continues to be a major irritant in the indo-lanka ties.
sri lanka accuses indian fishermen of straying into its territorial waters, while the latter maintain they are only fishing in their traditional areas, especially around katchatheevu, an islet ceded to colombo in 1974.
though the fishermens associations of the two sides are in regular touch with each other, they have not been able to reach a mutually-acceptable solution to end this problem.
india maintains that the fishermen issue has a socio-economic dimensions, livelihood and humanitarian dimension and wants a long term solution to the problem.
the two sides also discussed plans to enhance cooperation in aeronautical research and use of indian satellite system gagan by sri lanka.
the joint commission has acknowledged the depth and intensity and uniqueness of this relationship, the officials said.
swaraj and samaraweera took stock of preparation underway on agreement in economy and technology cooperation.
the preliminary exchanges in this regard were held in december when the commerce secretary of two countries met in new delhi.
india will organise a workshop in sri lanka later this month on this subject.
the two ministers also took recognisance of the reconstitution of the ceos forum which is currently underway in both the nations.
they spoke about various projects which has been under discussion for sometime, including the upgradation of palalli airport and about infrastructure development at kankesanthuri port where four phases have been completed.
rail india technical and economic service (rites) will send a delegation soon to take it further.
the officials also informed that sampur power plant has got environment clearance.
the project to construct two power plants with 250mw capacity was long overdue.
on tourism, the officials said the second meeting of joint working group on tourism will be held in mid 2016 to take forward the collaboration on development of ramayana circuit in lanka and extension of buddhist circuit in india.
the ministers also agreed to take forward the revised bilateral air services agreement.
sri lanka also proposed on cooperation on oil tanks farm in trincomalee.
the ongc and ministry of oil and petroleum will send a delegation in this regard.
the two sides also discussed cooperation in energy, railways, education, agriculture, defence, counter terrorism, health care and traditional marketing medicines.
on housing project, the officials said 44,000 houses in north have been completed and work on 4,000 will start soon.
noting that lanka has sought more seats for its medical students in indian universities, they said the joint commission also discussed the potential of private universities opening their campus in lanka.
the joint commission was set up in 1992 as a mechanism to address issues of bilateral cooperation.
the last meeting of the joint commission was held in new delhi in january, 2013.
swaraj, who is in sri lanka on a two-day visit, was earlier received by samaraweera at the airport.
on saturday she will call on president maithripala sirisena and former president chandrika kumaratunga besides meeting other top leaders.
india-sri lanka relations had seen lows during last few years of the tenure of former president mahinda rajapaksa, who was voted out of power, even as china had expanded its footprint in the country by building ports, highways and participating in other infrastructure projects.
the ties gained momentum after the visit of prime minister narendra modi to sri lanka in march last year, the first bilateral tour by an indian premier in over 25 years.
swaraj had visited sri lanka in march 2015.
srinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansas srinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansashate crimes in america have seen an unprecedented spike since president donald trump came to power.
it reflects the bigoted, anti immigrant identity america is slowly adopting.
the news regarding the murder of srinivas kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer along with his friend, alok madasani who suffered injuries at a bar in kansas when a man shot at them, recently made headlines.
watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineerheres a look at how the media in the united states reported the incident.
its interesting to note that the overall tone adopted by both legacy and digital media concerning the murder of kuchibhotla, has been straightforward in nature.
the shooting incident has been conveyed in a stoic voice, bearing no hint of emotion, empathy, or apathy, for that matter.
nor is there a suggestion or an implication that the incident could be reflective of a hate crime, although speculation is offered.
the reports emerging from the united states are to-the-point, stating the basic details of when the shooting occurred, the man who shot kuchibhotla (adam purinton, 51), the man who died, the man who was injured (madasani, 32) and the man who is now considered a local hero (ian grillot, 24).
the new york times  focused on india and us relationship (http://nyti.
ms/2lgmpzd)the countrys leading daily, angled its report on how india condemned the shooting.
apart from describing the incident and providing a detailed profile of the shooter, adam purinton, nyt piece reviewed whether it would affect the relationship between india and the united states in any way.
it spoke to a foreign policy fellow, dhruva jaishankar, who noted that such an incident would be looked at in isolation and would not affect the relationship between america and india.
although he did mention that if the attacks specially targeted at indians continued, the situation would be different.
the piece also hinted at the ominous rise of hate crimes in america in the trumpian era and spoke about trump pulling the strings on the h1-b program.
the piece observed, thousands of indian technology workers have come to the united states under the h1-b program, which grants skilled foreign workers temporary visas.
but the potential tightening of that program has raised concerns in india, where many young people dream of studying or working in the united states.
the report also sharply pointed out that trump had made no efforts to condemn or support the attack.
mr. trump has made no public comments about the attack, the nyt piece read.
the washington post  featured an important, telling appeal from alok madasanis father(http://wapo.
st/2mgewhj)the washington post provided a comparatively more detailed picture of the incident, while including a statement from madasanis father, jaganmohan reddy who implored indian parents not to send their children to the united states.
reddy told hindustan times,the situation seems to be pretty bad after trump took over as the us president.
i appeal to all the parents in india not to send their children to the united states in the present circumstances.
the anti-immigrant tension has been growing stronger in the united states, but reddys plea functions as a telling statement  that the situation in america is worryingly becoming palpable.
kansas local paper  most detailed and informative report(http://bit.
ly/2kqvsu4)unlike national publications, kansas citys local paper called the kansas city star provided detailed information not only regarding the murder, but also kuchibhotlas profile  what he did professionally, details relating to his wife and family, the two gofundme campaigns, as well as the statements published by kuchibhotlas employer company, garmin.
kuchibhotla worked as an engineer at garmins aviation systems engineering team.
the story also detailed how the community in kansas was grieving after kuchibhotlas death.
of all the news reports, the kansas city stars news report appeared to be the most detailed, fleshed-out and relevant.
other publications, including cnn, the huffington post and al jazeera, stuck to the traditional who-what-when-where reporting format, merely detailing the incident.
they also included quotes from grillot, as well as indias external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj who tweeted that she was shocked with the incident.
she also tweeted that she would ensure that kuchibhotlas body was brought back to india so that his family could perform his last rights.
the press also reported that two gofundme campaigns were launched, one that was geared to raise funds for kuchibhotlas family, while the other was aimed at funding grillots medical expenses.
nepalese president bidhya devi bhandari arrives at delhi airport on monday.
ap nepalese president bidhya devi bhandari arrives at delhi airport on monday.
apnepal president bidhya devi bhandari arrived here on monday on her first overseas tour during which she will hold talks with top indian leadership to strengthen bilateral ties.
neighbourhood first.
bidhya devi bhandari, president of nepal, arrives in new delhi on state visit to india, the ministry of external affairs official spokesperson gopal baglay tweeted.
on a five-day visit, bhandari will hold talks with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi, exploring ways to expand cooperation between the two close neighbours whose ties were slightly strained following the agitation by the madhesi community last year.
vice-president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will also call on the nepalese president.
bhandari was scheduled to visit india in may last year, but the trip was cancelled after the then cabinet did not endorse the visit, citing lack of preparations on part of the government.
b'arreaza met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
arreaza met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
venezuelan foreign minister jorge arreaza on monday advocated stronger relations with india, saying that he learnt the values of shanti (peace), prem (love) and ahimsa (non-violence) many years ago when he came to india as a backpacker.
speaking to the indian express, arreaza, who came to india to represent venezuelan president nicolas maduro at the international solar alliance (isa) summit on sunday, said, these are universal values which we learnt here.
president maduro loves india he is a sathya sai baba follower.
he is a christian, but he follows sai baba we learnt about the values of tolerance, non-discrimination here in india.
arreaza is also a sai baba follower, having visited the ashram in puttaparthi in bengaluru in 2000.
we understand the concept of mother india, and mahatma gandhis teachings had influenced (former president) hugo chavez.
we want to have stronger relations with india, as we share similar values.
arreaza met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and they discussed the entire gamut of bilateral relations.
we are exchanging ideas, and are having strategic conversations having meetings with indian enterprises etc, he said.
as venezuela faces tough times diplomatically in the face of the incumbent us administration, arreaza said india is a sovereign country and its relationship with us will not impact ties with venezuela.
it doesnt impact our relationship with india at allin fact, we would like to have good relationship with the us, arreaza said.
the bjp on thursday said the nda needed a strong collective leadership and its ally jd-u needs narendra modi as much as bjp did.
loss in maharajganj bypoll may have its own meaning.
but now we have to brace for 2014 under a strong nda leadership.
we have to show our collective leadership.
jd-u needs narendra modi as much as bjp does, bjp general secretary rajiv pratap rudy said.
though the prime ministerial candidate would be chosen by the parliamentary board of the bjp,rudy said,party chief rajnath singh is likely to give a definite message at the forthcoming national executive in goa.
but rudy made no secret of his choice.
you can ask even jd-u workers and they will tell you how much narendra modi is needed in the next lok sabha polls, he said,adding that modi had just managed an electoral sweep in gujarat,winning all four assembly and two lok sabha bypolls even without campaigning.
the national elections,however,rudy conceded,could not be a one-man show.
whether it is l k advani,sushma swaraj,rajnath singh,shivraj singh chouhan and raman singh,all could have an key role to play in the coming election, he said.
reacting to rudys remarks,jd-u spokesman shivanand tiwari said,the bjp may need narendra modi but the jd-u does not, he said.
a jd-u leader,however,admitted that after the maharajganj loss,we have lost our bargaining power not only with bjp,but also with the congress.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday said that an indian man was stabbed to death by an immigrant near munich in germany while his wife smitha basarur is said to be stable.
prashanth basarur sustained multiple stab wounds before he succumbed.
advertisingexpressing her condolences to his family, swaraj tweeted: indian couple prashant and smita basarur were stabbed by an immigrant near munich.
unfortunately, prashant has expired.
smita is stable.
we are facilitating the travel of prashants brother to germany.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family.
the couple has two children, saakshi and shlok, both under the care of the indian mission office in germany.
the eam said she has asked indian mission in munich to take care of their children.
i appreciate the good work by @ cgmunich.
i have asked our mission to take care of their two children, she tweeted.
indian couple prashant and smita basarur were stabbed by an immigrant near munich.
unfortunately, prashant has expired.
smita is stable.
we are facilitating the travel of prashants brother to germany.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family.
/1  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 30, 2019i appreciate the good work by @cgmunich.
i have asked our mission to take care of their two children.
/2  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 30, 2019prashant and smitha studied together in mangalore university, where she pursued masters in art.
prashant completed engineering from nmam institute of technology in karkala, karnataka.
in 2016 he started working with airbus helicopters in donauworth, germany.
further details of the incident and the couple are awaited.
because i am doing chowkidari of indian interests and indian nationals abroad.
https://t.
b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)days after the indian express published the waiting, a series on the families of 39 indians abducted in iraq by the islamic state in 2014, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday said she had been informed by two heads of state in the region that the missing workers were alive.
if i had the confirmation that they were killed, then i would have definitely apologised to the familes and told them that they were killed.
watch video: whats making newswhen i am saying that they were alive, i have a huge responsibility to find them.
i have been searching for them over the last two years, she said.
we got information about them being alive from two heads of state.
it is my duty to search for them.
and i will do so.
so, it will be unjust on my part to say that the indians held in iraq are dead, she said.
at least two leaders from palestine and jordan had conveyed to the indian leadership that the missing workers were alive, sources said.
even the relatives have rejected the statement of harjeet masih.
one of the relatives said that he had spoken to his brother on june 21 (2014).
according to harjeet masih, all were killed on june 15, then how can one speak on june 21?
b'government sources said there has been a series of discussions at various levels both in tehran and india and both sides were confident of resolving the issue soon.
government sources said there has been a series of discussions at various levels both in tehran and india and both sides were confident of resolving the issue soon.
keen to step up engagement in hydrocarbon sector with iran, india has conveyed to the persian gulf nation that it was ready to clear nearly usd 6.
5 billion of the dues for oil import from that country at the earliest, provided there was clarity on payment channel.
the message has been conveyed to iran even as prime minister narendra modi is likely to visit the oil-rich country later this month.
government sources said there has been a series of discussions at various levels both in tehran and india and both sides were confident of resolving the issue soon.
we are working on clearing the dues to iran and are hopeful that the issue will be resolved soon, they said.
following lifting of sanctions against it in january under a historic nuclear deal, iran had terminated a three-year-old system with india of getting paid for half of the oil dues in rupees and has been insisting on being paid in euros for the oil it sells to indian refiners.
it has also scrapped free delivery of crude oil to indian refiners.
officials said though western sanctions against iran were lifted, problems persist in banking channels due to which regular transactions were not possible yet.
refiners like essar oil and mangalore refinery and petrochemicals ltd (mprl) owe nearly usd 6.
5 billion in dues to iran.
since february 2013, indian refiners like essar oil and mrpl paid 45 per cent of their import bill in rupees to uco bank account of iranian oil company.
the remaining has been accumulating, pending finalisation of a payment mechanism.
petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited iran last month during which they had conveyed to iranian leaders that india wants to significantly ramp up engagement in oil and gas sector with that country.
the issue of the pending dues had also figured in the meetings.
swaraj during her visit had conveyed to iranian leadership that india wants to invest in joint ventures in oil and gas sectors in the persian gulf nation where foreign investors from major economic powers are rushing in to get early footholds after lifting of sanctions.
following lifting of sanctions against iran, india has been eying deeper energy ties with that country and has already lined up usd 20 billion as investment in oil and gas as well as petrochemical and fertiliser projects there.
new delhi is looking to increase engagement with the sanction-free iran by raising oil imports and possible shipments of natural gas.
it also wants rights to develop farzad-b gas field in the persian gulf discovered by ovl.
a deal for the field was not signed during pradhans visit as iranian parliament, majlis, is yet to approve the new iran petroleum contract (ipc) under which the farzad-b field is to be given to the ovl-led consortium.
indian firms have so far shied away from investing in iran for the fear of being sanctioned by the us and europe.
the same was deterring new delhi from claiming rights to invest nearly usd 7 billion in the biggest gas discovery ever made by an indian firm abroad.
but after the lifting of sanctions, india is making a renewed pitch for rights to develop 12.
8 trillion cubic feet of gas reserves ovl had found in 2008.
pradhan also conveyed to the iranian side that both countries must expand the basket of oil and gas trade.
he had also expressed indias interest in importing lpg from iran and said companies from both sides could discuss setting up of an extraction plant in chabahar, if required.
indias total crude import in 2015-16 was around 184 million tonnes.
watch indian express videos hereiran had in november 2013 offered free delivery of crude oil to indian refiners as tough western sanctions crippled its exports.
minister of state for external affairs mj akbar.
(file photo) minister of state for external affairs mj akbar.
(file photo)union minister of state for external affairs mj akbar today said india was trying to secure justice for kulbhushan jadhav, who has been sentenced to death by a pakistani military court.
injustice has been meted out to him (jadhav).
a kangaroo court has slapped this charge.
in spite of all these, we are trying to secure justice for him.
we are eager for his return, he told a press conference here.
akbar said the governments stand on the issue was clarified by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh.
a military court has awarded death sentence to 46-year-old jadhav on charges of espionage and sabotage.
singh had stated yesterday that india will go to any extent to ensure justice for jadhav.
external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay had said yesterday, india has no knowledge of kulbhushan jadhavs location and condition.
we are making all efforts to get him back but we cant reveal the steps that will be taken in this regard.
on the kashmir issue, akbar said, anti-democratic forces are instigating from behind.
we want a free and fair atmosphere in kashmir.
regarding the controversy on beef in uttar pradesh, the union minister said, uttar pradeshs health minister siddharth nath singh has given a clarification.
stating that west bengal was facing a deep crisis, akbar said lack of jobs, rising corruption and a stagnant economy were the main problems of the state.
the centre has said that all stakeholders, including cm mamata banerjee, will be taken on board before going ahead with a teesta water sharing pact.
(source: pti photo ) the centre has said that all stakeholders, including cm mamata banerjee, will be taken on board before going ahead with a teesta water sharing pact.
(source: pti photo )with bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina scheduled to be in india from april 7 to 10, the centre has said that all stakeholders, including chief minister mamata banerjee, will be taken on board before going ahead with a teesta water sharing pact.
sources in the state government, however, said mamata remains unconvinced over the pact particularly with regard to the situation in north bengal.
a source said, the cm is not keen about the deal because the centre has made no attempts to reach out and address the twin issues of water scarcity and flooding in the area.
no attempts at communication have been made.
ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay, in response to the charge, said, the governments approach would be to take everyone on board, and consultall stakeholders.
in october 2016, mamata had reached out to union home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and said that while her government was keen to aid bangladesh, it was concerned of the water situation in north bengal.
officials pointed to a 2009 report by river expert kalyan rudra that had said west bengal could harness less than 40 per cent of the available utilisable surface water and reservoirs met only 2.
4 percent of the total demand for the agricultural sector.
the river, that once had excess water, now suffers from acute water shortage during the dry period, maintains the report.
rudra had suggested the building of a number of small reservoirs to counter this, but officials said, the centre has taken no steps regarding this nor has it given any special allocation for the construction of these reservoirs.
damming of the teesta in sikkim is another issue that the state complained to the centre about.
the sikkim government has a number of hydro electric projects on the teesta river coming up.
during rainfall, sikkim releases water during the rainy season which leads to flooding in north bengal and during the dry season, there is water shortage in north bengal due to their dams.
mamata has raised the issue with the centre, but to no avail, said an official.
meanwhile sheikh hasinas trip is being projected as an important event in the indian diplomatic calendary, with the narendra modi government keen to project the country as one of the most valued and reliable partner in south asia.
hasina, who is up for re-election in 2019, is keen to sign the agreement to boost her image before her voters.
in 2011, banerjee had opted out of then prime minister manmohan singhs delegation visiting dhaka, scuppering signing of the deal.
in 2015, when she accompanied pm modi to dhaka, she had sounded positive  the banerjee government maintained that since modis visit to dhaka in june 2015, the centre has made no effort to take into consideration the concerns that have been repeatedly raised by the west bengal government regarding the contentious teesta water-sharing issue.
b'the protests come just a week before heads of state and government descend at the world bodys headquarters for the high-level general debate of the 71st unga session.
(file photo) the protests come just a week before heads of state and government descend at the world bodys headquarters for the high-level general debate of the 71st unga session.
(file photo)a group of baloch activists has held protests against pakistan outside the un headquarters here, demanding freedom and highlighting pakistans crimes against humanity in balochistan.
the protest was organised by the free balochistan movement (fbm) on tuesday across the street from the world bodys headquarters, around the time the 71st session of the general assembly opened in the un.
waving the us and baloch flags, the small group of protesters held banners of stop human rights violation in baluchistan, stop bombing balochistan and balochistan is not pakistan and stood around five dolls, smeared in red colour to portray blood and placed on the ground on a white banner that read save baloch children.
some wore white t-shirts with the slogan dire human rights violations in balochistan written in black.
the men and women protesting shouted slogans of india help balochistan, freedom for balochistan, stop genocide of baloch people, un un where are you, stop funding pakistan, balochistan is another bangladesh and stop breaking balochistan.
the protestors accused pakistani forces of killing around 5,000 over the past few years and causing nearly 20000 forced disappearances in balochistan.
fbm said in a statement handed out at the protest that the demonstration aims to highlight the illegal occupation and pakistani states crimes against humanity in balochistan, and to give awareness about baloch national struggle for freedom.
it is the responsibility of the united nations to take notice of the violations of its charter and state brutalities by pakistan in balochistan, fbm said.
the organisation said pakistan has been committing gross human rights violations and killing innocent baloch people since it occupied balochistan in 1948 and pakistani state has made life difficult for baloch by target killings, indiscriminate bombardment and enforced-disappearances.
the protests come just a week before heads of state and government descend at the world bodys headquarters for the high-level general debate of the 71st unga session.
pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif will address the general assembly on september 21, five days before external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses the gathering of world leaders.
the us has said it does not support independence for balochistan and respects the unity and territorial integrity of pakistan.
in his address from the ramparts of the red fort on the occasion of 70th independence day, prime minister narendra modi had talked about the situation in pakistan-occupied kashmir, gilgit and balochistan and said people from there have thanked him for raising their issues.
b'new delhi : union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry at a joint press conference in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti photo) new delhi : union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry at a joint press conference in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti photo)stepping up cooperation on counter-terrorism, india and us today agreed on a joint cyber framework and intensifying intelligence sharing in combating terror and violent extremism.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, after holding the 2nd indo-us strategic and commercial dialogue with us secretary of state john kerry, said the two countries agreed on additional measures to strengthen counter-terrorism cooperation.
we agreed on additional measures to strengthen our counter-terrorism cooperation, specifically, to work for early operationalisation of the agreement on exchange of information on known or suspected terrorists.
we will also intensify intelligence sharing and continue to work closely to get terrorist entities listed by the un system, by coordinating our approach to the un 1267 committee, she said at a joint press conference with kerry.
the us secretary of state, on his part, said both sides were committed to the joint cyber framework.
to bolster our mutual defence in an age when threats can come from literally anywhere, we committed to a joint cyber framework to reduce cyber crime, to encourage responsible behaviour in cyber space, to improve coordination among our technical experts and to improve coordination among our law enforcement agencies, he said.
watch video: there should be no distinction between good and bad terrorists- kerryhe said both the countries agreed to expand the exchange of terrorists screening information with an aim to to more effectively counter the threat posed by violent extremism.
the decision to send v k singh to china comes in the backdrop of the very positive and cordial meeting between modi and xi, which took place in astana at the beijing palace hotel.
the decision to send v k singh to china comes in the backdrop of the very positive and cordial meeting between modi and xi, which took place in astana at the beijing palace hotel.
india is sending minister of state for external affairs v k singh to beijing to attend the brics foreign ministers meeting on june 18 and 19, marking a thaw in its strained relationship with china.
this comes a week after prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping sought to lower the temperature in astana between the two countries.
top government sources told the indian express this was an attempt to put the relations back on track after the chinese side took strong exception to the dalai lamas visit to arunachal pradesh in april.
two months ago, chinese foreign minister wang yi did not come for the russia-india-china trilateral meeting of foreign ministers in new delhi, reportedly over the dalai lamas visit to arunachal.
the meeting was to be hosted by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj but there is a possibility that a similar ministers meeting may take place in beijing that would be attended by russian foreign minister sergei lavrov, wang and singh.
although it was swarajs turn to go to beijing, singh is shouldering the responsibility on her behalf as she is health-wise not in a position to travel overseas.
the decision to send singh to china comes in the backdrop of the very positive and cordial meeting between modi and xi, which took place in astana at the beijing palace hotel.
the sources pointed out that modi had taken a conciliatory approach towards the chinese president by agreeing to the meeting in the chinese leaders hotel and not getting bogged down by protocol issues.
the attempt to relax the strain was evident in the 40-minute meeting last week and was markedly different from the posturing at their last meeting in goa, where they had met on the margins of the brics summit when all the hot-button issues were raised, ranging from nsg to masood azhar.
foreign secretary s jaishankar had said after the meeting in astana, there was also an understanding that where we have differences, differences should not become disputes.
in fact, if handled well, can even become an opportunity.
xi introduced a lighter note into the discussion by praising the aamir khan-starrer dangal that has become popular in china.
however, the sources cautioned against excessive optimism since the hot-button issues are still there and much work needs to be done to resolve the issues concerning indias nsg membership, masood azhars listing at the un as an international terrorist, and the china-pakistan economic corridor infringing on indias sovereignty.
b'kulbhushan jadhav was awarded a death sentence by a military court in pakistan on april 10.
kulbhushan jadhav was awarded a death sentence by a military court in pakistan on april 10.
three days after india and pakistan presented their arguments at the hague, the international court of justice (icj) on thursday stayed the execution of former indian navy officer khulbhushan jadhav, pending a final decision in the case.
in an unanimous decision, the 11-member court said: pakistan shall take all measures at its disposal to ensure that mr. jadhav is not executed pending the final decision in these proceedings and shall inform the court of all the measures taken in implementation of the present order.
the court also decides that, until it has given its final decision, it shall remain seised of the matters which form the subject-matter of this order.
saying that the matter, prima facie, falls under its jurisdiction, the court obeserved that india has presented sufficient evidence to demonstrate that jadhav was at risk of being executed before they could complete the hearing in the case.
pakistan has given no assurance that mr. jadhav will not be executed before the court has rendered its final decision.
in those circumstances, the court is satisfied that there is urgency in the present case.
the entire thing was a charade, pakistan completely blown by this decision.
the decision is certainly binding for both states, the court said.
dealing a blow to pakistan, the court clarified that provisions of the vienna convention can be invoked even in cases of those charged with espionage.
the court also made it clear that its order is binding to all parties of the case.
expressing her delight in the icj order going indias way, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: the icj order has come as a great relief to the familly of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india.
we are grateful to mr.harish salve for presenting indias case so effectively before icj.
i assure the nation that under the leadership of prime minister modi we will leave no stone unturned to save.
i compliment my team of officers in the mea for their tireless efforts and hard work.
reacting to the temporary relief granted by the international court, attorney general mukul rohatgi hoped the final deciision would also come in indias favour.
india stands victorious, congratulate all concerned persons, especially the external affairs ministry.
hope that final decision also comes indias way and we can see mr.jadhav come back home, he said.
rohatgi also appealed to pakistan to allow jadhavs family members to meet him in prison.
earlier, india had sought the annulment of the death sentence awarded by a military court in pakistan to the former indian navy officer calling it farcical.
india had also asserted fears that pakistan might execute jadhav before the hearing of icj was over.
pakistan on the other hand had said that india was using icj as a stage for political theatre.
pakistan also claimed that they have solid evidence of jadhavs espionage activities.
on april 10, a military court in pakistan awarded death sentence to jadhav for alleged espionage and subversive activities.
following that, on may 8, india approached icj for an urgent hearing and sought suspension of the plea.
acting on the indian petition, the icj two days later wrote to the pakistan government to put on hold, effectively, the execution of jadhav.
in its petition, india had argued that pakistan had violated the vienna convention with regards to consular relations and that he had been given no right to defend himself.
on may 15, the public hearing in the case was held in the icj with india and pakistan producing arguments in the case of jadhavs death sentence.
this was after 18 years that india and pakistan had come face-to-face in the world court.
in the icj, harish salve, indias counsel, reiterated indias claim that the death sentence awarded by the pakistani military court was a violation of the vienna convention on consular relations.
salves pakistani counterpart, khawar qureshi said that indias plea in the case was irrelevant as the vienna convention did not apply in the case of a spy.
while on the issue of consular access to jadhav, salve said that pakistan had rejected 16 requests by india.
qureshi on the other hand said that spies cannot get consular access and that all information regarding jadhavs investigation was given to india.
while salve argued that there was no evidence of jadhav being a spy and that he was kidnapped from iran, qureshi responded by saying that pakistan had solid evidence to prove with regards to his activities and that he was arrested from balochistan.
ending their arguments, salve demanded provisional measures from the icj to prevent damage to jadhav, while qureshi challenged his request saying no such relief be provided.
nepal pm kp oli with narendra modi in delhi (file photo) nepal pm kp oli with narendra modi in delhi (file photo)as india stoops to conquer nepal by laying out the red carpet for the visit of prime minister khadga prasad oli later this week, it is indicating a new self-awareness that its foreign policy missteps have allowed china to gain ground in the neighbourhood, and demonstrating its willingness to sweat behind the scenes to make up for lost time.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs recent visit to kathmandu to meet and greet prime minister oli is an example of this new-found pragmatism.
in the space of three years, swaraj has gone from pushing the lost cause of the roti-beti rishta a kinship with the madhes  and informally backing a blockade so as to send kathmandu the message that it must treat all its citizens equally; in kathmandu, she told oli that delhi is ready to deal with nepal as an important neighbour, irrespective of how it wants to discriminate against the people of the terai.
it is interesting that in this last year before the 2019 general elections, swaraj is being able to put her stamp more forcefully on foreign policy.
perhaps prime minister narendra modi is increasingly distracted by several upcoming elections at home or dealing with the somewhat disaffected nda coalition.
fact is, indias neighbourhood first policy is in a bit of a shambles.
modis impatient dealing with the craftiness, guile and plain independent-mindedness of sovereign nations in indias near abroad has led to several false fits, starts and stops.
the prime minister and early foreign office perhaps couldnt get over the fact that these nations didnt fall over themselves in responding to modis warm handshakes and embraces soon after he came to power in 2014.
the learning has come at a price.
when nations like nepal and the maldives scampered to beijing for assurance, india, instead of assuaging them, drew itself up to its full height, puffed up its chest for full impact and read them the riot act.
the neighbourhood is replete with terrible stories of the arrogance of delhis men and women snorting and stamping their feet when these neighbours dont listen.
or there is the version of the icy glare.
one probably apocryphal story about a visiting indian official in kathmandu has him telling local leaders, why are you complaining to me, now?
certainly, the chinese pushed the maoists and olis moderate communist party to come together during the elections and announce their reunification on april 22, lenins birth anniversary.
but the first law of politics is to treat your neighbour with full respect, especially if he has won his elections as resoundingly as yours.
not for nothing is chinese president xi jinping determined to keep his job for life.
certainly, he will want a second chinese consulate in pokhara, build north-south highways from the tibet border and infiltrate the terai with listening posts  within kissing distance of indias open border.
nor does officially atheist china have a problem shoring up a majority hindu nation delhi so assiduously helped to transform into a republic in 2006.
chinas assertiveness, as it grows to take on the world, is manifest in south asia, from pakistan to the maldives.
pakistans army chief, qamar javed bajwas visit to male is a prime example of how beijing is pushing its strategic ally, pakistan, to make new friends and influence people at indias cost.
talks with bhutan have been postponed, but beijing may not be averse to another incursion across the disputed line of actual control to create another distraction as the countdown to elections begin.
one answer to what india should do?
to take on chinas expansiveness is clear.
egged on by the americans, the pm was not afraid to confront china in the recent past.
the low point came in the summer of 2016 when he asked president xi on the margins of the shanghai cooperation summit why he was standing in the way of indias membership of the nuclear suppliers group.
xi just smiled.
indias prime minister came away, empty-handed.
he had been shown his place by asias other big power.
two years later, aggression has given way to circumspection.
deng xiaopings famous phrase from the 1980s describing chinas foreign policy, which is to adopt tao guang yang hui, has been long in coming.
at the time, zhao qizheng, dean of the school of journalism of renmin university and head of the state council information office, had described tao guang yang hui as to observe calmly, secure our position, cope with affairs calmly, hide our capacities and bide our time, be good at maintaining a low profile and never claim leadership.
ending the face-off at doklam, absorbing olis poison darts on india and telling the maldivian opposition that it has to fight its own battles with the china-friendly abdulla yameen are all part of the new reset with china.
so is foreign secretary vijay gokhales meeting with the dalai lama soon after he was named to the top job.
requests by the tibetan spiritual leader to meet the president and vice-president are being considered.
with one-fifth the economy of beijing, delhi has finally realised it cannot battle with the chinese on a daily basis.
and that indias neighbourhood must, hopefully, be won differently.
many centuries ago, when kautilya lived in takshashila  part of present-day pakistan, another of the pms current antagonists  the story goes that he was walking in the grounds one day and espied a man pouring honey in front of a colony of ants.
what are you doing, he asked.
im giving them honey, the man replied, adding, why kill them when i can subdue them with sweetness and light?
prime minister oli, welcome to india.
b'shivshankar menon at the idea exchange.
(express photo by: cheena kapoor) shivshankar menon at the idea exchange.
(express photo by: cheena kapoor)former national security advisor (nsa) shivshankar menon thursday said terror attacks should not come in the way of indias dialogue with its neighbours.
responding to a question on the uncertainty over the foreign secretary-level talks and the government putting the ball in pakistans court, menon, who was speaking at the idea exchange programme of the indian express, said he was surprised by the decision to postpone talks with china in the wake of the pathankot attack  nsa ajit doval decided to defer scheduled talks with his chinese counterpart.
it is up to them.
i mean i dont speak for the government.
i am just telling you what i think.
i was surprised by two or three things.
one, you postpone the talks with china.
if six terrorists can stop you from discussing serious business with your biggest neighbour, for me, thats not a good signal to send.
i mean, not for india this is something you can handle but you know, they must have come to a calculation.
they must have seen what the pakistanis are doing, they know much more about what is happening on the ground.
so you know i am not going to try and second guess that.
i am arguing from first principles here.
they are presumably acting on much more, he said.
watch: ex nsa shivshankar menon at the idea exchangeasked about the manner in which the security establishment responded to the pathankot attack, menon said, as far as i can see, there is a lot of spin, and a lot of leaking and a lot of motivated stories out there in the media, so i am not going to comment on how the operation was done and who did what to whom.
i mean i am just horrified the kind of stories, frankly.
and that part is what worries me much more than how analysis was done, who did what to whom.
asked what should have been the ideal response to the attack, menon said, there is no such thing it depends on what you know at that time and what you are trying to achieve at that point of time.
there is no such thing as one-size-fits-all.
any terrorist attack, here we goyou cant have a simple response to these things.
to a query on whether the nsa should be involved in tactical decisions of an operation or should instead oversee the broader strategic issue and leave tactical matters to service chiefs and experts, menon said, weve had five nsas.
we were the first parliamentary democracy to have an nsa.
i mean it is easy in a presidential system because the nsa essentially represents the president and does his work.
but in our system, the executive power of the union is with the cabinet.
with the ministers ours is still an evolving system.
each nsa has done his job in his own way.
and you have seen.
starting with brajesh mishra onward, i mean different levels of operational and tactical involvement by nsa.
so again, i dont think there is a right or wrong answer here.
because what is tactical question, what is a strategic question, everything looks strategic at certain levels.
asked about the meeting of former foreign secretaries and envoys to pakistan called by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last sunday, he said, we were actually called before pathankot happened and the meeting was set up on thursday on wednesday night, thursday morning.
so i dont think we were actually called to discuss pathankot and what happened.
so was pathankot discussed at the meeting?
we ended up talking about it certainly it was more about many of the things whats the link between terror, talks, how do we what should we be aiming at, what are indias interests many of these things we discussed.
state health minister deepak sawant (right) visited saifee hospital thursday to inspect emans medical records.
state health minister deepak sawant (right) visited saifee hospital thursday to inspect emans medical records.
following thursdays visit by the founder of health conglomerate vps healthcare dr shamsheer vayalil, the process to transfer egyptian patient eman ahmed to abu dhabis burjeel hospital has begun with saifee hospital announcing that its part of the treatment had been completed.
she is stable and all parameters are under control.
she will continue to need neurological rehabilitation and physiotherapy.
secondary physiotherapy will continue there as it is closer to home for eman and her family, dr aparna bhasker, bariatric surgeon, said.
while the discharge date is not finalised, officials said it would be in the next 10 days.
the dispute between emans sister, shaimaa selim, and the hospital escalated thursday with the latter calling the vp road police station for intervention.
i was feeding water to my sister because she was thirsty.
i was not aware that i am not permitted to remove the feeding tubes.
the hospital management fought with me over this and later called the police, shaimaa said.
according to police inspector rajendra utekar, no complaint has been registered in the case.
it is an internal hospital matter.
our team went to just calm all of them down, he said.
the hospital claims selims behaviour has turned hostile ever since emans discharge was decided upon.
eman was brought to saifee hospital in february for treatment of obesity and related ailments.
then considered the worlds heaviest woman, her weight has reduced from 500 kgs to 176 kg in a span of two months.
since april, however, her family and the hospital have been at loggerheads over her discharge.
the hospital has claimed eman only requires rehabilitation support and is fit to fly back home.
shaimaa alleges that eman continues to have seizures, cannot eat and requires oxygen mask at night for support.
claiming that it would be difficult to handle eman alone in egypt, her sister has been seeking an extended hospital stay.
on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called the hospital to enquire about the dispute.
state health minister deepak sawant also visited eman to inspect her medical records.
i saw her progress and reports.
the purpose of weight reduction has been achieved by doctors.
they have done a good job, sawant said, adding that it has been unfair for the patients relative to level charges at the doctors over the treatment.
eman will now be shifted to burjeel hospital, where vayalil has agreed to treat her for free, and provide rehabilitation support and treatment of neurological disorders.
they have taken her reports and a team will study them.
i cannot afford to keep my sister at home when we have spent two months in improving her health.
i am hopeful that in a year, she will be able to walk if the right treatment is given, shaimaa (34) said.
at the brics summit in china in 2017.
prime minister narendra modi has engaged with world leaders at bilateral and multilateral summits.
(xinhua via ap) at the brics summit in china in 2017.
prime minister narendra modi has engaged with world leaders at bilateral and multilateral summits.
(xinhua via ap)diplomacy has been one of the focus areas of the government led by narendra modi, even before he took charge as prime minister.
from inviting saarc leaders for his swearing-in ceremony to holding back-to-back informal summits with chinese and russian presidents, the governments diplomatic outreach has traveled a long way in the last four years.
it has witnessed ups and downs in its relationships with various countries and has had to adapt to the changes in the relationship.
read | four years of modi government  home affairs: turning the heat down in northeastwhats donethe government has made a concerted effort to reach out to all 192 countries.
as declared by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, almost every country had to be visited by a ministerial-level delegation during the term.
at last count, ministers had been able to visit about 185 countries, leaving only a handful to be covered in the next 12 months.
while the length and breadth of the outreach has been commendable, in some aspects the outreach has been done through highly publicised events  be it the india-africa forum summit, the international solar alliance in india, or the large diaspora events in almost every visit by the prime minister, starting from madison square garden in new york.
india has upgraded its aid commitments, especially in the neighbourhood, to almost $25-30 billion, in its bid to be seen as a reliable partner.
new delhis management of big-power relationships has been leader-driven since modi has engaged with world leaders at bilateral and multi-lateral summits  g-20, unga, asean-india and east asia summits, brics and sco summits.
india has a robust relationship with the us, which under the donald trump administration has been quite tough on pakistan.
read | four years of modi government  power: rural push complete, coal woes dent outputwest asia, too, got a fair share of attention, with all the regional rivals being engaged separately  israel, saudi arabia, iran, uae, qatar, palestine.
in the process, new delhi has also been able to carefully de-hyphenate its ties with tel aviv and ramallah.
engagement with southeast asia got a fillip in the last republic day, when 10 asean leaders attended the showpiece event in indias diplomatic calendar.
read | four years of modi government: roads on course, rivers next, says nitin gadkariand, in a more recent phenomenon, informal summits  with chinese president xi jinping, russian president vladimir putin, and an informal stopover meeting with german chancellor angela merkel  seem to have emerged as a new template.
whats in progressafter the big-bang decision to invite all saarc leaders, indias engagement with its neighbors is the key work in progress after four years of the modi government.
while talks with pakistan witnessed highs and lows, the relationship reached a new low after pathankot and uri attacks and the kulbhushan jadhav case.
sporadic attempts have been made to keep the engagement alive, but india is now waiting for pakistans elections to be completed this year and will largely depend on the next incumbent.
china has been one of the most difficult relationships in the last four years, and last years doklam crisis prompted india to attempt a reset in the relationship.
the governments diktat to not attend the dalai lamas events, and subsequent informal summit in wuhan was aimed at rapprochement with beijing.
doklam also tested indias friendship with bhutan, but thimphu stood strong with new delhi.
its relationship with nepal was marred by the blockade during the madhesi agitation, and now with pm k p oli in power, it will be a test of the relationship, although india has opened new areas of cooperation in connectivity, agriculture.
read | four years of modi government  telecom and it: digital push reaches bharat; telecom stress remainsties with bangladesh have seen an upsurge, with india getting unprecedented security cooperation, and after the land boundary agreement, the sheikh hasina government has got full political and diplomatic support from new delhi.
sri lanka, which has been locked in a debt trap relationship with china, has been one of indias closest neighbors in the region, and new delhi is now working with like-minded countries to bail out the island-nation.
read | four years of modi government  finance: tax net widened; private funds still elusiveindias power play in the indo-pacific, especially the quadrilateral meeting with the us, japan and australia, has been one of the works in progress.
whats stuckthe saarc summit in islamabad, which was boycotted by india and others after the terrorist attacks in uri and pathankot, is not expected to be held anytime soon, given the political climate in both countries.
ties with maldives have nose-dived, and it is the only country in the neighborhood to not have been visited by prime minister modi.
read | four years of modi government  finance, part ii: gst on course, noose on black money tightenedwhile indias relationship with the us is on a strategic plane, the trump administrations approach on h1b visa issue has new delhi worried.
read | four years of modi govt  education: warming up after initial slumberindias relationship with the european union has got much more political character, but the ambitious free trade agreement has been stuck for almost a decade now.
defence deals with russia, especially the s-400 air defence deal, have come under the scanner, with potential sanctions by the us.
similarly, the chabahar port project is likely to be impacted after the us sanctions on iran.
indias outreach to latin america has been a blind spot for the administration, even as there have been some ministerial visits.
***president ram nath kovind president ram nath kovindfrom president ram nath kovinds address, march 2018: due to the successful diplomatic efforts of my government, there has been a new-found respect for india.
as a result, india has been able to secure representation in international tribunal for the law of the sea, international maritime organization and economic and social council.
in a keenly contested election to the icj, india emerged victorious india has always remained the first responder in times of crises today, all indians in any corner of the world are confident that in case of a crisis, their government will provide them with safe passage to the country.
the opposition viewcongress spokesperson manish tewari congress spokesperson manish tewarimanish tiwari, secy of congress foreign affairs dept, spokesperson; distinguished senior fellow with atlantic council: the nda govts foreign policy has been an unmitigated disaster.
the neighbourhood policy has been particularly catastrophic the mea has become missionaries of charity.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (2nd right) at the second formal meeting of the brics ministers of external affairs in pretoria on june 04, 2018.
(mea/facebook via pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (2nd right) at the second formal meeting of the brics ministers of external affairs in pretoria on june 04, 2018.
(mea/facebook via pti photo)india and other members of the brics grouping have said they oppose the new wave of protectionism and the systematic impact of unilateral measures that are incompatible with wto rules, apparently referring to us president donald trumps tough trade policies.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is on a five-day trip to south africa, attended the brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers meeting on monday.
after the meeting, the foreign affairs ministers of brics nations reiterated their commitment to multilateralism and a rules-based international order and reaffirmed the centrality of the un, the wto and international law.
the ministers pledged their support to efforts towards making global governance more representative with greater participation of emerging markets and developing countries in global decision making.
the ministers emphasised the importance of an open and inclusive world economy enabling all countries and peoples to share the benefits of globalisation, a statement released after the meeting said.
they underlined their firm commitment to free trade, and the centrality of a rules-based, transparent, non-discriminatory, multilateral trading system as embodied in the world trade organisation (wto), the statement said.
they opposed the new wave of protectionism and the systematic impact of unilateral measures that are incompatible with wto rules, and undermines global trade, and economic growth.
they reiterated that the wto dispute settlement system is a cornerstone of the multilateral trading system (mts) as it is designed to enhance security and predictability in international trade, the statement said.
the statement came as trump imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imports from top us trading partners, including canada, mexico and the european union.
he has threatened tariffs on up to usd 200 billion in chinese imports, raising the potential of a trade war.
the brics ministers reaffirmed their resolve to foster a global economic governance architecture that is more effective and reflective of current global economic landscape, increasing the voice and representation of emerging markets and developing economies, it said.
they reaffirmed their commitment to conclude the international monetary funds 15th general review of quotas, including a new quota formula, by the 2019 spring meetings.
the emerging counties, like india, china, brazil and russia, has been asking for increased voting rights in imf, which would reflect their growing share in world economy.
they also deplored the continued terrorist attacks, including in some brics countries.
they condemned terrorism in all its forms and manifestations wherever committed and by whomsoever.
they urged concerted efforts to counter terrorism under the un auspices on a firm international legal basis, and expressed their conviction that a comprehensive approach was necessary to ensure effective fight against terrorism, the statement said.
they recalled the responsibility of all states to prevent financing of terrorist networks and terrorist actions from their territories, it said.
they expressed concern over the ongoing conflict and heightened tensions in the middle-east region, especially with regard to the israeli-palestinian situation.
mea spokesperson raveesh kumar mea spokesperson raveesh kumarindia has taken up with italy the incidents of attacks on two indian students in milan, the external affairs ministry said on friday.
responding to a question on attacks on indian students in milan, ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said the incidents were being investigated by local authorities.
he said the indian embassy in rome has already taken up the issue with the italian foreign office.
kumar said there were two students, who were attacked on two different days and identified them as vikram and bala.
he said the indian consulate general in milan has already met the two students and promised all possible help.
the indian consulate has already taken up the matter with the local authorities, kumar said.
the indian consulate in milan had also issued an advisory to indian students urging them not to panic.
asked whether italy has communicated anything to india on the matter, kumar said, we have not officially heard anything from them.
b'a young mohandas karamchand gandhi.
(express archive photo) a young mohandas karamchand gandhi.
(express archive photo)today, june 7, marks 125 years of mahatma gandhis first act of civil disobedience, which eventually led to the formulation of his satyagraha principles of peaceful resistance against the oppressive british raj.
on this very day in 1893, gandhi was evicted from a train in south africas pietermaritzburg station because the compartment he was in was reserved for whites only.
this year, the pietermaritzburg station will sport a khadi look with trains draped in hand-spun fabric synonymous with gandhi.
the commemoration will continue over the next two days with events spearheaded by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
these include a youth workshop on gandhi, a special train ride with an engine and coaches bedecked with 400 metres of khadi cloth brought in from india, and a banquet at which top politicians will speak at the local city hall, which will be lit up in the colours of the indian flag.
gandhi spent 21 years in south africa before returning to india in 1914.
(express archive photo) gandhi spent 21 years in south africa before returning to india in 1914.
(express archive photo)on the night of june 7, 1893, mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer then, was thrown off the trains first class whites-only compartment at pietermaritzburg station in south africa for refusing to give up his seat.
a white man had objected to gandhi travelling in the first class coach in spite of the latter possessing a valid ticket.
when gandhi refused to move to the rear end of the train, he was thrown out.
he had stayed at the station that night shivering in cold and the bitter incident had played a major role in gandhis decision to stay on in south africa and fight the racial discrimination being faced by indians there.
his doctrine of satyagraha subsequently took shape during gandhis stay in south africa.
khadi was taken up as a tool in the freedom struggle by mahatma gandhi against the british.
(express archive photo) khadi was taken up as a tool in the freedom struggle by mahatma gandhi against the british.
(express archive photo)the term satyagraha is derived from satya (truth) and agraha (insistence or truth-force) with its practitioners being called satyagrahis.
it was his newspaper weekly india opinion through which the word satyagraha was coined.
a competition was conducted inviting readers to suggest a name for the passive resistance campaigns.
during his time in south africa, gandhi and other satyagrahis went on peaceful marches and presented themselves for arrest against unjust laws.
this became one of the great political tools of the 20th century and even influenced civil rights movement in the united states and america.
a bronze statue of gandhi was unveiled by archbishop desmond tutu at pietermaritzburg station in 1993.
the 1893 incident led gandhi to develop his satyagraha principles of peaceful resistance.
(express archive photo) a bronze statue of gandhi was unveiled by archbishop desmond tutu at pietermaritzburg station in 1993.
the 1893 incident led gandhi to develop his satyagraha principles of peaceful resistance.
(express archive photo)mahatma gandhi was sentenced to four terms imprisonment in south africa during his satyagraha campaigns.
an important event in the satyagraha movement took place on august 16, 1908, when gandhi encouraged people to burn their identity documents.
more than 2,000 documents were burned outside the hamidia mosque in jennings street, fordsburg.
another pivotal campaign in south africa was initiated in 1913 to protest against a 3 tax imposed on ex-indentured indians as the state had declared hindu and muslim marriages invalid.
in pic: mahatma gandhi leading the volunteers of the in pic: mahatma gandhi leading the volunteers of the indian national congress during the historic march to dandi in march 1930.
(express archive photo)when gandhi was leaving south africa in 1914, he described satyagraha as perhaps the mightiest instrument on earth.
the year 2018 is an important year for india-south africa relations as it marks 25 years of the establishment of diplomatic relations, the 125th anniversary of the pietermaritzburg railway station incident and the 100th birth centenary of south african iconic leader, nelson mandela.
former prime minister pt jawahar lal nehru and mahatma gandhi.
(express archive photo) former prime minister pt jawahar lal nehru and mahatma gandhi.
with regard to lalit modis case, she said the ed has not sent the required documents.
she said the previous upa government had only sought deportation procedings against modi and it was only nda government which was seeking his extradition.
both mallya and modi are wanted by the ed in its money laundering probe and the agency has also sought a global arrest warrant against them from the interpol.
the minister said neither event organiser london school of economics(lse) nor the indian high commission had invited mallya for the event where a book by socialite suhel seth was launched.
if suhel seth invites someone then the high commissioner did not know that.
there were two kinds of invitation that were sent.
the first was for launch of book and the other by the high commissioner for reception.
the first invite was sent by lse.
lse has formally written a letter to us and said that they did not send invite to him (mallya) but it is also true that there was an open invitation too because they (lse) had to fill a hall of 400 people and students go on vacation in summers.
hence, through the open invite anyone could come, she said.
swaraj added that the hcs reception invite too did not go to mallya.
there was no authorised invite by lse to him (mallya) nor any from the high commissioner.
you also know that as soon as the hc (sarna) saw that mallya is present there, he left in five minutes.
i dont understand then why this is being made an issue.
when we see the invitees list and the conduct of hc then this issue does not remain, she said.
television news channels had showed pictures of sarna and mallya in the hall where the event was held and questions were raised over the presence of the high commissioner at an event where a personality wanted by enforcement agencies in india was also present.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
responding to a zero-hour mention by congress member k c venugopal, the minister said: the deans statement that our political leadership is silent is completely contrary to facts his statement was surprising and painful.
we have said that it was unfortunate.
the indian governments response cannot be called inadequate by any means.
the dean had described the attacks on african students as xenophobic and racial.
minister of state for external affairs v k singh spoke to him about the prompt steps taken taken by her as well as uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
singh, she said, told the dean that the mission heads could have sought a meeting with the pm if not satisfied.
we are constantly working for security of african nationals.
russian president vladimir putin was first scheduled to arrive at 1 am at ins hansa base.
(source: reuters photo/file) russian president vladimir putin was first scheduled to arrive at 1 am at ins hansa base.
(source: reuters photo/file)russian president vladimir putins arrival in goa on saturday to attend the brics summit was delayed due to poor visibility with thick fog making it difficult for his plane to land in the coastal state.
the russian president was first scheduled to arrive at 1 am at ins hansa base, which is adjacent to the dabolim airport, but his arrival was delayed due to thick fog in the region, sources in the naval base told pti.
his flight, which was supposed to land at 3 am, was rescheduled to 7 am but even at that time it could not arrive.
however, due to security reasons it was not stated as to where his plane has been diverted.
heavy security was in place along the road connecting ins hansa base to the summits venue hotel in benaulim village.
several union and goa government officials were also camping at the base since last night to welcome the russian president.
the arrival of president of russia has been delayed.
the exact rescheduled time of his arrival has not been given to us, deputy superintendent of police suchita desai said.
prime minister narendra modi arrived in goa last night and was welcomed at the ins hansa base by governor mridula sinha, chief minister laxmikant parsekar and deputy chief minister francis dsouza.
the prime minister was later taken to the venue hotel by road in benaulim where he was welcomed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)the government will not let any indian stranded in saudi arabia go hungry and will bring all of them back, minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj told the lok sabha monday.
she said a large number of indian workers in saudi arabia have lost their jobs and cannot even afford to buy food.
amid concerns raised by various mps on the plight of nearly 10,000 retrenched workers stranded in saudi arabia, swaraj made a statement in the lok sabha and said she was personally monitoring the situation on an hourly basis and her deputy v k singh was leaving for saudi arabia to oversee the evacuation process.
the last message i received on the issue was at 2.
singh is expected to make a ground assessment and work out the logistics of a possible repatriation of the workers who want to return.
she told the house that the indian embassy in the gulf nation was running five camps to feed the affected.
not one worker of ours will go hungry.
this is my assurance to the country through parliament.
government sources said about 10,000 indian workers have been affected by the economic slowdown in the gulf.
the impact, they said, varies from company to company.
as many as 3,172 indian workers in riyadh have not been paid their dues for several months but are getting regular rations, sources said.
another 2,450 indian workers belonging to the saudi oger company are housed in five camps in jeddah, mecca and taif, they said.
since july 25, the company had stopped providing meals to the workers besides defaulting on their salaries, sources said.
foreign ministry has given instruction to indian embassy in riyadh and consulate in jeddah to urgently provide food assistance to them, they said.
our consulate in jeddah, through the assistance of the indian community has been providing rations for the 2,450 indian workers which should be sufficient for the next 8 to 10 days, a government official said.
the law there does not permit an emergency exit visa without no objection certificate from the employers.
but there are no employers as the companies have shut down and left the country.
we have asked the (saudi) foreign office to authorise us to evacuate our people.
the other issue, she said, was non-payment of dues to the workers.
sources said mos m j akbar is liaising with the saudi authorities to ensure that the claims of all the indian workers with unpaid dues are lodged and processed in accordance with law.
he has also sought saudi assistance in arranging exit visa for all indian workers who wish to be repatriated, sources said.
secretary pritzker will co-chair the strategic and commercial dialogue with us secretary of state john kerry.
(source: reuters/file) secretary pritzker will co-chair the strategic and commercial dialogue with us secretary of state john kerry.
(source: reuters/file)us secretary of commerce penny pritzker is slated to visit new delhi to attend the second us-india strategic and commercial dialogue and the us-india ceo forum scheduled to be held from august 29 to 31.
according to an official statement, secretary pritzker will co-chair the strategic and commercial dialogue with us secretary of state john kerry, indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and minister of commerce and industry nirmala sitharaman.
in january 2015, us president barack obama and indian prime minister narendra modi elevated the existing us-india strategic dialogue to the strategic and commercial dialogue to reflect the growing significance of the us-india economic relationship, the statement said.
this is the first time the strategic and commercial dialogue will be held in india.
secretary pritzker will also co-chair the second us-india ceo forum alongside jeff zients, the director of the national economic council and assistant to the president for economic policy.
the forum will bring together ceos and government representatives from both countries to discuss opportunities for increasing bilateral trade and investment, the statement added.
during this event, the ceos will communicate their joint recommendations to the us and indian governments.
while in new delhi, secretary pritzker will also meet with indian entrepreneurs and participate in an event celebrating us-india cooperation on travel and tourism.
in june 2016, obama and modi announced that the us and india would be travel and tourism partner countries in 2017.
b'following is the chronology of events on the issue of quashing of appointment of 1973 batch kerala cadre ias officer p j thomas as central vigilance commissioner.
1991: appointed as secretary,department of food and civil supplies,kerala government.
oct 5,1991: the then chief minister of kerala k karunakaran writes to prime minister stating that the state was intending to import palmolein oil and that necessary permission should be given by the ministries concerned.
nov 6,1991: government issues a scheme for direct import of edible oil for public distribution on the condition that an escrow account be opened and import clearance be granted as per rules.
1992: thomas writes to the centre proposing to immediately import palmolein oil during festive season in the middle of january 1992.
jan 24,1992 : price for the same fixed,56 days after the execution of the agreement.
later kerala imported palmolein by opening an escrow account and getting the import clearance at the rate of usd 405 per mt.
feb 2,1994: cag report for the financial year ending march 1993 took exception to the procedure adopted for import of palmolein by the kerala govt.
report placed before the public undertaking committee of kerala assembly.
apr 9,1994: single judge of kerala hc dismisses a writ petition filed by the chief editor of the gulf times praying for registration of an fir on ground that import of palmolein was made in violation of the government guidelines.
sept 1994: another appeal filed by vijay kumar,mla of the opposition in the kerala assembly,praying for somewhat similar relief,dismissed by the division bench.
may 20,1996: elections in kerala.
left democratic front forms the government.
later an fir registered against the then cm karunakaran and six others under 13(2) read with 13 (1)(d)of the prevention of corruption act and sec 120b ipc.
thomas not included.
nov 30,1999: chargesheet filed in the palmolein case.
later kerala govt accords sanction to prosecute the then cm karunakaran and others including thomas.
dec 31,1999: kerala writes to the department of personnel and training (dopt) seeking sanction to prosecute the said person before the court of competent jurisdiction.
keeping in view the investigation of the case conducted by the agency,two other persons including thomas were added as accused.
mar 29,2000: karunakaran files appeal in the supreme court.
sc upholds govt order to grant sanction for prosecution.
jan,2001: a note is put up by the under secretary concerned that a regular departmental enquiry should be held against thomas and jiji thomson for imposing a major penalty.
feb 18,2003: dopt makes a reference to the central vigilance commission on the cited subject.
june 3,2003: cvc responds and conveys its opinion advising the dopt to initiate major penalty proceedings against thomas and thomson.
feb 24,2004: another note on similar lines put up as despite receipt of the above opinion of cvc,the matter was still kept pending.
december,2004: central government asks the state government to send a copy of the report which had been filed before the court of competent jurisdiction.
jan 24,2005: kerala writes to the dopt to withdraw their request for according the sanction for prosecution of the officers,including thomas.
nov 4,2005: state takes the position that the allegations made by the investigating agency were invalid and the cases and request for sanction against thomas should be withdrawn.
may 18,2006: ldf again forms govt in kerala with v s achuthanandan as the chief minister.
this time the kerala government filed an affidavit in the sc disassociating itself from the contents of the earlier affidavit.
oct 10,2006: chief secretary,kerala government,writes a letter to the goi informing them that the state government had decided to continue the prosecution launched by it.
nov,2006: dopt wrote to kerala asking them for the reasons for change in stand.
later karunakaran challenged the states action to revive sanction and prosecution against him,thomas and others in kerala high court which dismissed it.
thomas never challenged the matter in any court.
june 25,2007: cvc writes to dopt saying the case has been re-examined and the commission has observed that no case is made out against thomas and jiji thomson.
july 6,2007: dopt recorded a note in the file that as far as cvcs advice regarding dropping all proceedings is concerned,the ministry should await the action to be taken by the government of kerala and the relevant courts.
july 6,2007: high court dismisses the petition filed by karunakaran raising the plea of malafides.
sept 18,2007: government of kerala appoints p j thomas as the chief secretary.
oct 6,2008: cvc accords vigilance clearance to thomas for appointment as secretary in union government.
jan 23,2009: thomas appointed as secretary,parliamentary affairs to goi.
sept 1,2010: the dopt empanels three officers.
sep 3,2010: matter was put up to the high powered committee (hpc) for selecting one candidate.
sushma swaraj,leader of opposition in lok sabha dissents.
pm and home minister favours thomas appointment as cvc.
sept 4,2010: the same note is submitted to the president who also approved it on the same day.
sept 7,2010: p j thomas appointed as cvc and takes his oath of office.
oct 2010: pil filed challenging thomas appointment as cvc.
nov 8,2010: sc decides to examine the file on appointment of thomas.
mar 3,2011: sc quashes thomas appointment as cvc.
elections in india are not a beauty contest but are fought over ideology and performance,union rural development minister jairam ramesh said saturday.
speaking on the sidelines of the 32nd convocation of the institute of rural management,anand (irma),ramesh said,in our country,election is not a beauty contest.
it is fought between parties.
parties fight it on the basis of their manifesto,ideology,performanceours is not the american presidential system where two persons stand and we see who looks good,who speaks good,who can crack jokesone should not trivialise elections.
it is a serious affair.
polls here are contested between political parties,not personalities, he said,when asked by reporters if rahul gandhi was pitted against narendra modi for the post of prime minister.
the minister said he expected general elections to be held as per schedule during march or april next year and claimed congress had its alliances in place.
irma must have sc/st quotatalking about irma,the countrys premier rural management institute,ramesh said it lacked regional and social diversity of students and proposed that the institute should introduce reservation for students coming from scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (sc-st) background.
i dont think you can run irma with a rs 25-crore grant from the ministry of rural development without introducing a 25  reservation for scs and sts.
you must have affirmative action, he said while delivering his convocation address.
i think so far you were protected because you did not take money from the government.
you took rs 25 crore from us,but the planning commission (should ensure that) a conditionality is put that this grant is accompanied by introduction of reservation for scs and sts in admission, he said.
the institute received a grant of rs 25 crore form the centre to support research and academic programmes.
the institute set up four centres of excellence and plans to create grameen gyan kosh,a repository of an existing knowledge base exclusively for the rural sector from the grant.
land acquisition bill soonramesh said there was a political consensus on the revised land acquisition bill and hoped it would be introduced in the ongoing session.
i have met leaders from the opposition party such as arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
we also have consensus on it among state governments.
we hope to introduce it in this session itself, he said.
a day after the attack on african students in noida, the centre termed the incident as deplorable and sought immediate intervention of uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to the chief minister, following which she said the central government will take immediate action and that adityanath has assured her of a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
also read | we were dragged, hit.
would people have stood silently if we were one of them?
i have spoken to yogi adityanath ji, the chief minister of uttar pradesh, about the attack on african students in greater noida.
he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident (sic), she said in a series of tweets.
later, minister of state for external affairs m j akbar spoke to the acting high commissioner of nigeria and apprised her of the steps being taken by the local authorities for safety and security of nigerian nationals in the area.
also read | greater noida attack: day after violence, african students across city speak outin a statement, the mea said, the government is committed to ensuring safety and security of all foreigners in india.
people from africa, including students and youth, remain our valued partners.
the nigerian high commission said it had conveyed its concerns to the indian government and had been assured that these concerns will be addressed.
we have taken up this issue with the government of india.
the indian government has listened to our concerns and informed us about the steps it was taking to ensure the safety of nigerian nationals, an official of the nigerian high commission said.
jan chetna candidate shakti sharma at the party office on thursday.
(source: express photo by sumit malhotra)with three women candidates who are contesting the election for the first time, and the sitting mla, kalka constituency is set to see a four-cornered contest between various party candidates in the vidhan sabha elections, scheduled for october 15.
kalka has been the domain of the congress since 1991, when former haryana deputy chief minister, chander mohan was elected as the mla for the first time, and won the elections consecutively for next four years.
it was his infamous marriage with advocate anuradha bali, which led to his downfall, and the local candidate from inld, pardeep chaudhry, emerged victorious with a huge margin of 41, 625 votes in 2009.
one of the senior leaders of inld and a local candidate, chaudhry has a strong foothold in the constituency, which he has represented four times for his party, in the vidhan sabha polls.
however, this year, the race to claim the kalka seat will be a tough one for chaudhary, with three women leaders keeping a strong front.
the modi wave has visibly withdrawn, post the lok sabha elections, but bjp latika sharma, has build her consistent campaign around modi.
the party banners also carry her picture with modi, where she is tying a rakhi on his hand.
a close aid of union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, sharmas strength lies among the traders community in kalka.
congress manveer kaur gill, on the other hand, is hailing herself as the daughter of the land and asking for votes for their beti, who has grown up in the town.
she is the niece of former haryana minister, lacchman singh, who was also three time mla from kalka.
i am the only candidate, who is rooted in the town, and well-versed with all issues, said gill, as she went door-to-door for campaigning.
however, the resentment of the people against congress is difficult to rule out.
building her campaign on the deplorable condition of kalka is shakti sharma, wife of former congress leader, venod sharma, who is contesting the election from hjcp.
the previous governments have done nothing to develop this area, it is still backward, and neglected.
the villagers are living in pathetic condition, and there is so much to be done, said shakti.
meanwhile, both shakti singh, and latika sharma do not belong to kalka, and are also being termed outsiders.
senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday demanded removal of union minister m k alagiri from the cabinet in wake of the alleged attack on a poll official by dmk men in his presence.
our demand for removal of alagiri is already there and we will reiterate our demand, she told reporters here.
police had registered a case against alagiri and over 50 dmk workers for allegedly assaulting an assistant election officer in melur in madurai district when he video-graphed their visit to a temple.
the official who claimed that he was assaulted by dmk men in the presence of alagiri,son of chief minister m karunanidhi,however,later went hostile and said he was not roughed up.
the unearthing of rs 5.
11 crore cash from a bus here and the attack on poll official in madurai district are only marks of shame to democracy, swaraj,the leader of the opposition in lok sabha,said.
karunanidhis outburst shows his frustration, she said,referring to the chief ministers criticism of the election commission for its tough actions,which he said had created an undeclared emergency.
asked about upa governments cricket diplomacy in inviting pakistan prime minister yusuf raza gilani and sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa to witness the world cup matches,the bjp leader said,we have serious issues among the neighbours it should not get mixed with cricket.
stating that response to election meetings of bjp in the state was overwhelming,she expressed confidence of a significant victory for the party.
external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)the government on thursday said it was ready to make a statement in the rajya sabha to address the members concerns over the arrest of indian fishermen and seizure of their boats by neighbouring pakistan and sri lanka.
the clarification on the issue is due.
i had then said that i am ready to give the clarification and you decide the time.
patel said that pakistan and sri lankan marine security agencies were arresting indian fishermen and taking away their boats.
more than 1,000 boats have been seized and over 300 fishermen are in their jails.
the government should look into matter for early release of fishermen and their boats.
boats are necessary for fishermens survival.
the government should give a package to help them take loans to buy boats, he said.
a police officer walks in front of bombay bhel restaurant, where two unidentified men set off a bomb late thursday night, wounding more than a dozen people, in mississauga, ontario, canada may 25, 2018.
(source: reuters) a police officer walks in front of bombay bhel restaurant, where two unidentified men set off a bomb late thursday night, wounding more than a dozen people, in mississauga, ontario, canada may 25, 2018.
there is a blast in indian restaurant bombay bhel in mississauga, ontario, canada.
i am in constant touch with our consul general in toronto and indian high commissioner in canada.
our missions will work round the clock.
the emergency number is : +1-647-668-4108, she tweeted.
there is a blast in indian restaurant bombay bhel in mississauga, ontario, canada.
i am in constant touch with our consul general in toronto and indian high commissioner in canada.
our missions will work round the clock.
the emergency number is : +1-647-668-4108.
please rt  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 25, 2018follow | toronto blast live updatescanadian media reports cited police as saying that two unidentified men detonated a powerful improvised explosive device at the restaurant, injuring at least 15 people.
three of them have suffered critical blast injuries and were rushed to a trauma centre, canadian broadcaster cbc has reported.
police have issued the cctv camera footage of the two suspects.
it was not immediately known how many people were inside the restaurant at the time of the blast.
mississauga is canadas sixth largest city.
sister of monika khamgembam.
ani photo sister of monika khamgembam.
ani photosister of monika khangembam, the manipuri woman who allegedly faced racism at delhis igi airport, on monday said that it was unfortunate her sister was asked about her nationality even when she was carrying an indian passport.
such type of treatment is unacceptable, concerned authorities must look into it, she told news agency ani.
earlier, monika herself mentioned that she would approach the authorities so that appropriate action is taken against the immigration officer responsible.
on saturday, monika had posted on facebook and alleged that an immigration officer at delhis igi airport humiliated her by repeatedly questioning her nationality.
later, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took cognizance of the matter and apologised to her on twitter saying she would alert her senior colleague rajnath singh under whose ministry the immigration department falls.
president pranab mukherjee (left), turkish president tayyip erdogan (centre) and prime minister narendra modi at rashtrapati bhavan, new delhi.
image: rashtrapati bhavan/facebook president pranab mukherjee (left), turkish president tayyip erdogan (centre) and prime minister narendra modi at rashtrapati bhavan, new delhi.
image: rashtrapati bhavan/facebookturkey president tayyip erdogan held bilateral talks with prime minister narendra modi on monday.
the two took stock of all political, economic and cultural engagements, they revealed in a joint statement later.
erdogan, who arrived sunday, is on a two-day visit to india, and this is his first visit to india as the turkish president.
earlier in the day, erdogan was awarded a ceremonial welcome by president pranab mukherjee at the rashtrapati bhavan.
he also payed his tributes to mahatma gandhi at rajghat, following which he addressed a ficci business summit with prime minister narendra modi.
here are the live updates:7.
25 pm: vice president hamid ansari calls on turkish president recep tayyip erdoan in new delhi.
6.
45 pm: prime minister narendra modi tweets about his meeting with president erdogan.
talks included discussions on threats from terrorism & the need for the world to come together & uproot terror, he says.
regarding bilateral trade, he tweeted, highlighted transformative changes underway in india that are making the investment climate more open & facilitating ease of doing business.
india-turkey tie-ups through more trade, fdi & in areas such as technology, msmes, energy can give a strong impetus to bilateral relations.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) may 1, 2017during our talks president @rt_erdogan & i discussed the full range of india-turkey ties & ways to enhance them.
http://t.
co/5eyrh51fzc pic.
twitter.com/pgsc0tad2c  narendra modi (@narendramodi) may 1, 2017further cementing cultural ties between india and turkey was also discussed during the deliberations with president @rt_erdogan.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) may 1, 20176.
30 pm: the ministry of external affairs clarifies that india told turkey that it is ready to resolve all bilateral issues with pakistan, including kashmir, reports pti.
the comments come in response to the president erdogans suggestion of multilateral dialogue.
the spokesperson for the mea added that india conveyed its position on kashmir, saying that it is essentially a terrorism issue, according to pti.
5.
55 pm: following the bilateral talks held by pm modi and president erdogan, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said that turkey has taken a keen interest in the governments smart cities and make in india programmes.
this is a good platform for us to develop, he added.
he also said that the two discussed promoting and expanding tourism, as the countries share a deep-rooted cultural relationship.
further, pm modi has accepted president erdogans invitation to visit turkey.
5.
00 pm: the pib tweets a picture of president erdogan signing the visitors book at the hyderabad house, in the presence of pm modi.
pm @narendramodi looks on as president @rt_erdogan signs visitors book at hyderabad house in new delhi.
pic.
twitter.com/0zolpau7nr  pib india (@pib_india) may 1, 20174.
35 pm: india and turkey have signed three mous; one in the field of information and communication technologies, one pertaining to training and the last on a cultural exchange programme for 2017-2020.
4.
30 pm: we had very productive meetings, tweets president erdogan, after holding bilateral talks with pm modi.
we had very productive meetings with pm @narendramodi during my visit to india.
i thank him and the people of india for the warm welcome.
pic.
twitter.com/mdfelvxz7j  recep tayyip erdoan (@rt_erdogan) may 1, 20174.
25 pm: pm modi and president erdogan witness the exchange of agreements between india & turkey at the hyderabad house in new delhi.
pm @narendramodi and president @rt_erdogan witnessing the exchange of agreements between india & turkey at hyderabad house in new delhi.
pic.
twitter.com/ptoaesoxxx  pib india (@pib_india) may 1, 20173.
45 pm: turkey condemns all forms of terrorism, president erdogan said, adding that, turkey will always be by the side of india in full solidarity while battling terrorism.
he condemned the recent terrorist attack on april 24.
3.
38 pm: india is a strategic partner to turkey because of its location, resources and its economy, president erdogan says.
the trade volume between two countries is at around $6.
5 billion.
we need to increase it to at least $10 billion as soon as possible, he added.
he said that the countries will look at ways to expand cooperation in the energy and infrastructure sectors, in particular.
3.
37 pm: pm modi welcomes the turkish president to india.
he said that during their bilateral talks, the two premiers took stock of all political, economic and cultural engagements.
we live in a time when our society faces new threats and challenges everyday, pm modi said.
pm modi added that both countries are large economies and that the strength of the economies present numerous opportunities to expand trade.
i encourage stronger partnership of turkish companies with the governments flagship programmes.
he said that countries must work as one to disrupt terrorist networks, and their financing, and stop cross border terrorism.
the constantly evolving threat from terrorism is our shared worry, he said, adding that he held extensive talks with the president on this subject.
pm modi says the unsc needs to reflect the world of the 21st century and not of the century gone by.
india has been pushing for a permanent seat on the united nations security council.
3.
35 pm: pm modi and president erdogan issue a joint press statement.
1.
25 pm:new impetus to a multifarious relationship.
pm @narendramodi receives president @rt_erdogan at hyderabad house pic.
twitter.com/v5fpl084vk  gopal baglay (@meaindia) may 1, 201712.
02 pm: we are modernizing our railways and upgrading our highways.
we have made maximum allocations for these two sectors.
india and turkey are both energy deficient, and our energy needs are ever increasing.
this sector is an important pillar of bilateral relations, pm modi said, adding that india was never a more promising destination than it is today.
.
@secygen_ficci @ambikas16 @jvij1967 @pmoindia @narendramodi @deikiletisim @meaindia lets work together to enhance the level of our economic activity.
i welcome you with open arms: honble pm @narendramodi #india #turkey pic.
twitter.com/amjpxlvouh  ficci (@ficci_india) may 1, 201712.
00 pm: on tourism and trade, pm modi said: we are putting up new ports and mordenising old ones through sagarmala.
similar focus is on upgrading existing airports.
turkish tourism sector is globally renowned.
number of tourists going to turkey has gone up in the last few years.
its also popular for shooting indian films and television industry.
we must explore wider opportunities in this area.
we could reach out to regional cinema industry.
11.
56 am: inviting turkey construction companies to india, modi said: turkeys companies can easily participate in this task of building india fast.
we plan to build 50 mn houses by 2022.
for this purpose we have repeatedly refined our fdi policy in construction sector.
we are planning metro rail projects in 50 cities and high speed trains in various national corridors.
11.
55 am: pm modi: we are in the process of building a new india.
our focus is on making it easier to work and to do business.
this includes reforming policies, processes and procedures.
we have achieved lots of success and recognition on this front.
our global ranking has gone up on many parameters.
however, this is an ongoing effort that has to continue.
its a shift in attitude and approach.
effort is to make india a better place and to have people recognise their potential.
11.
50 am: more on what prime minister modi has said:india and turkey are among the top 20 largest economies in the world.
both economies have shown remarkable stability even in volatile global situations.
we are optimistic about our economic prospects.
there is immense goodwill for each other between the people of the two countries.
time has come to deepen economic relations.
there is huge potential to enhance bilateral engagement.
this is possible through trade and fdi inflows, technology tieups and cooperation on various projects.
we have seen some increase in participation of turkish companies in some areas.
we have to build on this rich heritage, there is huge potential and opportunity to enhance bilateral engagement (with turkey), prime minister modi has said.
11.
40 am: india and turkey share a common outlook on the present economic order in the world, pm modi has said, speaking at the india  turkey business summit.
11.
30 am: addressing the meeting, ficci president pankaj patel said: the embrace of cultural and linguistic commonality has bounded our people for over a millennia.
turkeys geo-strategic location & indias rising economic stock under leadership of honble pm modi, makes us ideal partners.
over 150 business delegates from turkey are attending the business summit in new delhi.
11.
20 am: president erdogan and prime minister narendra modi are currently attending the india-turkey trade summit in new delhi.
in fact, prime minister narendra modi was not expected to attend the meeting, taking many by surprise.
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan and prime minister narendra modi at india  turkey business event in delhi pic.
twitter.com/wjzpj1mzfr  ani (@ani_news) may 1, 201711.
00 am: at the ficci meeting, president erdogan will be accompanied by prime minister narendra modi who is also likely to address the gathering of business leaders from both the nations.
10.
45 am: ficci is all set to host the india-turkey business summit.
erdogan is likely to address top businessman at the meeting.
he is also accompanied by over 150 turkish trade and business representatives looking to initiate businesses in india.
turkey is keen on investing in real estate and construction in india.
in a short while: india-turkey business summit.
stay tuned!
pic.
twitter.com/h9s1mngzbk  ficci (@ficci_india) may 1, 201710.
30 am: in its response, india has maintained that its position on jammu and kashmir is well known, and it stands by it.
we have always emphasised that india-turkey relations stand on their own footing and, we believe, the turkish side reciprocates our sentiment, ruchi ghanashyam, secretary (west) in the external affairs ministry, said, adding that indias position on the state of j&k is very well known that it is an integral part of the country.
10.
15 am: days ahead of his visit to india, erdogan spoke to news channel wion, where he expressed concern at the continuing stand-off between india and pakistan on kashmir.
this is what he had to say: we should not allow more casualties to occur, and by strengthening multilateral dialogue, we can be involved, and through multilateral dialogue, i think we have to seek out ways to settle this question once and for all.
turkey also shares close ties with pakistan and the statement could well come up for discussion during the meeting with pm modi.
he also said he supported both india and pakistans bid to be part of the nsg, adding that india should give up its attitude of distancing itself from pakistan which has a track record of nuclear proliferation.
10.
00 am: at rashtrapati bhavan, erdogan was accorded a ceremonial welcome.
erdogan was received by president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi.
here are the visuals of that ceremony.
erdogan will soonmeet with prime minister narendra modi at hyderabad house.
9.
50 am: here are some pictures of president erdogan paying tribute to mahatma gandhi at the rajghat memorial in the national capital.
erdogan will now head to hyderabad house where he will hold bilateral talks with prime minister narendra modi.
post the talks, the two leaders will issue a joint statement.
delhi: turkish president recep tayyip erdogan pays tribute to mahatma gandhi at rajghat pic.
twitter.com/awmvbbgiol  ani (@ani_news) may 1, 20179.
45 am: on trade and commerce, turkey is hopeful that its relations with india will help boost its investments in the country.
turkeys commercial counsellor to india vural ekinmez said turkish companies wanting to enter the indian market are already being provided support by turkish officials in new delhi, daily sabah reports.
ekinmez further said that erdogans visit could well be one of the most comprehensive meetings in india in recent years.
this visit will provide significant benefits for both turkish business people who already have investments in india and those looking to potentially invest here,ekinmez told daily sabah.
9.
35 am: besides the bilateral meeting with prime minister modi, a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is also scheduled.
the erdogan-swaraj meeting will take place following the bilateral talks between the two world leaders.
9.
25 am: given the threat erdogan faces, specially from the islamic state, security is at its peak.
the intelligence bureau (ib) has directed security agencies to ensure that he is provided the highest security cover in the wake of threats from the isis.
moreover, security personnel deployed to ensure erdogans safety have put in a request to carry weapons on them at all times.
erdogans aircraft, as well, has been provided round-the-clock security.
9.
20 am: president erdogan has arrived at rashtrapati bhavan where he inspects a ceremonial guard of honour.
accompanying him were president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi.
from here, he will head to rajgath and pay his tributes to mahatma gandhi.
delhi: turkish president recep tayyip erdogan with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi at rashtrapati bhawan pic.
twitter.com/uz3keeydm2  ani (@ani_news) may 1, 20179.
15 am: besides the bilateral talks between the two nations, delegates from turkey will also attend a india-turkey business forum.
about 150 delegates, representing turkey businesses and trade, are accompanying erdogan, along with his cabinet ministers and senior officials.
they will participate in the india-turkey business forum.
in fact, indias top business chambers  ficci and assocham  issued full page advertisments welcoming erdogan to india, in a hope to build and take forward trade relations between the two nations.
9.
10 am: among the issues set to dominate the bilateral talks between the two nations are economic ties, cooperation in the fight against terrorism and turkeys support to india in its bid to become a member in the coveted nuclear suppliers group.
the issue of terrorism has been key in indias discussions with nations of the g20.
it had also come up during the g20 meeting in antalya in 2015.
9.
00 am: this is not tayyip erdogans first visit.
he had earlier visited the country in 2008 and held talks with then prime minister manmohan singh.
erdogan, then, however was not president but prime minister of turkey.
after eleven years as prime minister, he was elected president in 2014.
prime minister narendra modi, however, has met president erdogan.
the meeting took place during the 2015 g-20 antalya summit, in turkey.
you can watch a brief video of that meeting below.
at the g20 meeting, terror was the key focus and prime minister modi called for all nations to unite against terrorism and states that have been allowing the territory to be used as safe havens for terror organisations.
you can read about that meeting here.
b'punjab chief minister amarinder singh also asked the government to announce an ex gratia relief to the families of the deceased.
(file photo) punjab chief minister amarinder singh also asked the government to announce an ex gratia relief to the families of the deceased.
(file photo)punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh on tuesday requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to do the needful in bringing back the bodies of the 39 indians from iraqs mosul and provide the necessary assistance to their families in performing the last rites.
in a letter to the foreign minister, singh also asked the government to announce an ex gratia relief to the families of the deceased.
i would like to request you to provide all necessary assistance to the families of the deceased for their last rites.
further, the government of india should announce an ex gratia relief to the families of the deceased indian nationals, singh said in the letter.
while mentioning that 24 of the 39 dead were from punjab, the cm said swarajs statement had come as a shock to the families.
the news has come as a great shock for the families as well as for all of us who were hoping and praying for their well-being, the letter said.
singh said the punjab government had been providing a monthly assistance of rs 20,000 to each of the 24 families of the missing indians in the state and asked the centre to announce a financial package for them considering the special circumstances.
the indian construction workers, who were from punjab, bihar, himachal pradesh and bengal, were taken hostage when the is captured mosul, iraqs second largest city, in 2014.
the workers were trying to leave mosul when they were caught.
himachal pradesh chief minister jai ram thakur too condoled the deaths of the workers.
we express our sympathies to families of all 39 indians who were killed in iraqs mosul.
there were four people from himachal pradesh among them.
the state government stands with the affected families, thakur said.
meanwhile, the cpi(m) lashed out at the government and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for not informing the families of the mosul victims before her statement in parliament.
cpi(m) mp mohammad salim said it showed how insensitive and inhuman the government was.
it is a farce.
the government should have contacted the families of the victims first before parliament was informed.
earlier, the government had always claimed that it was in touch with the families.
so many times we see that policies of the government are announced outside parliament even though the house is in session, pti quoted salim as saying.
(source: ap photo)with nearly 10,000 indian workers reportedly starving for the last three days in jeddah, saudi arabia, after losing their jobs, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday said the indian embassy has been directed to serve them food and external affairs mos v k singh is travelling to saudi arabia to sort out the issue.
the number of indian workers facing food crisis in saudi arabia is over ten thousand.
it is not 800 as is being reported, swaraj tweeted.
efforts are on to reach out to each n every indian to help them overcome this crisis.
indian consulate in association with indian community jeddah distributed 15,475 kgs of food stuff besides eggs, spices, salt etc.
the ministers response came following a tweet from a man who said around 800 indians are starving for the last three days in jeddah and sought her intervention.
we have asked @indianembriyadh to provide free ration to the unemployed indian workers in saudi arabia, swaraj tweeted.
she said mos external affairs m j akbar will take up the issue with kuwait and saudi authorities.
my colleagues @gen_vksingh will go to saudi arabia to sort out these matters and @mjakbar will take up with kuwait and saudi authorities.
she also said, i assure you that no indian worker rendered unemployed in saudi arabia will go without food.
i am monitoring this on hourly basis.
as a result our brothers and sisters in saudi arabia and kuwait are facing extreme hardship, she said, adding that the situation in kuwait is manageable, and matters are much worse in saudi arabia.
b'union minister arjun ram meghwal.
express photo by prem nath pandey union minister arjun ram meghwal.
express photo by prem nath pandeyunion minister arjun ram meghwal on monday said the proposed single national tribunal for settling inter-state water disputes would expedite resolutions and facilitate irrigation facilities across the country.
the minister of state for water resources convened a meeting with the ministers and high-level officials of five eastern states  west bengal, bihar, odisha, jharkhand and chhattisgarh.
at present, there are separate tribunals for the cauvery, the narmada, the krishna and other rivers existing in the country and the formation of the mahanadi tribunal is in process, he said.
instead of having so many tribunals, a single national tribunal has been proposed in the interstate river disputes act amendment bill 2017 which has already been placed in the lok sabha, he said.
a single tribunal would also help the states get proper irrigation facilities, meghwal said adding the decision of the tribunal will be mandatory.
not just of the states, but the nations interest is also involved in it as water is a national asset, the minister said.
he discussed pending issues relating to water disputes among the eastern states including release of funds by the centre.
regarding the proposed teesta water sharing treaty between india and bangladesh, he said it was in an advanced stage and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already made a statement in the parliament.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee had been opposing the treaty on grounds that it would affect the interest of the state as water levels would reduce.
state irrigation minister rajib banerjee said water level of the teesta was already already low due to construction of dams in sikkim for hydel power projects.
he also flagged the issue of non-release of central funds to the state for water management.
banerjee also demanded unified control of tenughat dam of the damodar valley corporation (dvc) in jharkhand for restrained release of water during the flood season.
b'union defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
(express photo: praveen jain) union defence minister nirmala sitharaman.
(express photo: praveen jain)defence minister nirmala sitharaman arrived in china on monday to attend a preparatory meeting related to upcoming summit of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
during her visit, sitharaman is likely to meet a number of chinese leaders.
she will attend the sco defence ministers meeting on tuesday.
the annual summit of the sco, in which india is the latest entrant along with pakistan, will take place in the chinese city of qingdao in june.
prime minister narendra modi is likely to attend it.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is already at beijing on a four-day visit here to attend the sco foreign ministers meeting to finalise the agenda for the summit of the eight-member political, economic and security bloc.
the sco, headquartered in beijing, was founded in 2001.
comprising china, russia, kazakhstan, uzbekistan, tajikistan, kyrgyzstan, india and pakistan, the sco aims at military cooperation between the member states and involves intelligence sharing, counter-terrorism operations in central asia and joint work against cyber terrorism.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
india and the us agreed to cooperate closely in the global fight against terrorism when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson, on wednesday.
the external affairs minister and secretary tillerson resolved to work together closely to further expand and deepen the multi-faceted strategic partnership between india and the us, an external affairs ministry statement said.
they emphasised that close and strong relations between india and the us were not only in mutual interest but also had regional and global significance.
watch what else is making newsthe statement added that they agreed to intensify cooperation in various sectors, including defence and security, energy, and economy.
they also agreed to follow-up the firm resolve expressed by prime minister (narendra) modi and president (donald) trump to cooperate closely in the global fight against terrorism.
tillerson has earlier had telephone conversations with foreign ministers of australia, japan and south korea.
the telephone conversation came weeks after trump spoke to modi.
sources had told the indian express that the pm conveyed indias concerns over proposed changes to the h1b visa programme to the president.
modi had raised the issue of cross-border terrorism as a challenge confronting indias growth and peace and security in the region.
trump had raised the issue of south china sea, and americas interest in ensuring freedom of navigation in international waters claimed by the chinese as its own.
so far, india has not issued a readout of the conversation, while the white house version did not mention these specific issues.
the white house had said that trump emphasised that the us considers india a true friend and partner in addressing challenges around the world.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) launched its campaign for the upcoming municipal polls,with senior leaders addressing party workers at ramlila maidan on sunday.
national party leaders like l k advani,sushma swaraj,arun jaitley and m venkaiah naidu were joined by city seniors such as leader of the opposition in delhi assembly v k malhotra,delhi bjp chief vijender gupta and mayor rajni abbi.
the leaders spoke of congress failures at the national level to lay the foundation of their campaign for the civic elections,scheduled for april.
they,however,missed out on city issues like water shortage and development problems.
there is an anti-congress wave in the society.
people are fed up with the rule of the congress.
there is no leadership in the party,due to which we have seen repeated failure in controlling inflation and corruption.
there has been 2g spectrum scam and commonwealth game scam in their rule, jaitley said.
advani spoke of bigger picture,one with the bjp government at the centre.
the one who wins here,wins nationally.
these municipal polls have an impact on the nation.
we will not only defeat congress at the corporation level,but also oust them from the centre, he said.
congress failed to perform its duties and gave us the opportunity to win.
we have to bank upon this environment and encash it in the polling booths.
she said if bjp is defeated it will be due to the lack of unity of the party workers.
naidu asked the workers to not to lose hope if they do not get a ticket.
sushma swarajs intervention came after the infants father brought the matter to her notice on twitter.
(file photo) sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention came after the infants father brought the matter to her notice on twitter.
(file photo)india has issued a medical visa to a two-and-a-half-month-old baby from pakistan, suffering from a heart disease, after his father sought intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swarajs intervention came after the infants father brought the matter to her notice on twitter.
earlier this week, ken sid, a pakistani national, reached out to swaraj through the social media platform for a medical visa for his son, who has a heart complication which cannot be treated in pakistan.
the child will not suffer.
please contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa, she had said.
the family had been trying to get a visa for three months.
it is heartening to see humanity prevailing despite many differences.
thank you for your efforts.
humanity prevails!
god bless everyone, the childs father tweeted.
an official at the indian high commission said that a four-month medical visa has been issued to the family so that the boy could undergo heart surgery in india.
ailing pakistanis frequently to travel to india on medical visas to seek treatment for complicated health problems.
indian hospitals have previously reported receiving around 500 patients from pakistan every month.
many of the unwell needed a liver transplant, which costs between rs2-3 million.
in 2015, five-year-old basma from pakistan had been granted a visa to india for an emergency liver transplant surgery.
there are now many tales like hers, sometimes with footnotes on how the travelling patients were helped financially by indians.
however, the visa process for travellers who want to visit india for medical reasons has slowed amid rising tensions between the two countries over a number of reasons, including the issue of cross-border terrorism and pakistani military sentencing to death indian national kulbhushan jadhav on charges of espionage.
hours after the indian air force carried out a strike deep inside pakistan, new delhi tuesday reached out to the international community to mobilise support for its non-military and pre-emptive strike against a terrorist group, and restrain pakistan from taking any offensive retaliatory action.
advertisingwhile chinas response was muted, australia and france came out with statements supporting indias action.
the delhi-based dean of diplomatic corps too was supportive of indias action since it was a direct attack to limited and specific objectives with no civilian or military casualties, and diplomats were told that there was no intention to escalate.
chinese foreign ministry spokesperson lu kang, responding to a question on the non-military strike, said, fighting terrorism is a global practice and needs necessary cooperation.
india and pakistan are both important countries in south asia.
sound relations and cooperation serve the interest of both countries for peace and stability in south asia we hope the two countries can keep restraint and do more to improve bilateral relations, lu said.
read | india strikes terror, deep in pakistanforeign secretary vijay gokhale and other secretaries in the ministry of external affairs briefed foreign envoys based in delhi, including those of the united states, russia, china, france and the united kingdom, on the air strike exercising indias right to self-defence.
this was the second briefing within a fortnight.
advertisingimmediately after the pulwama terror attack, india began coercive diplomacy, briefing envoys on the attack on the crpf personnel.
more than 70 countries and the un security council condemned the pulwama attack.
explained | after india strike, what can be pakistans options?
on tuesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her counterparts in the us, china, singapore, bangladesh and afghanistan and briefed them on the pre-dawn strike on the jaish-e-mohammad terror training camp in pakistans khyber pakhtunkhwa province, sources said.
swaraj then left for wuzhen in china for the russia-india-china-trilateral meeting where she will meet chinese state councillor wang yi and russian foreign minister sergey lavrov on wednesday.
in a phone conversation with us secretary of state mike pompeo, swaraj explained the reasons behind the strike and conveyed that the action was specifically targeted at the jem camp.
she also spoke to wang yi and apprised him on the non-military, pre-emptive air strikes, sources said.
explained | why balakot is a watershedin canberra, the australian foreign ministry, in a statement, said: pakistan must take urgent and meaningful action against terrorist groups in its territory, including jaish-e-mohammed which has claimed responsibility for the 14 february bombing, and lashkar-e-taiba.
pakistan must do everything possible to implement its own proscription of jaish-e-mohammed.
it can no longer allow extremist groups the legal and physical space to operate from its territory.
these steps would make a substantial contribution to easing tensions and resolving the underlying causes of conflict, canberra said, putting the onus on islamabad, in a show of support for delhi.
explained | jaish-e-mohammed: terror outfit once crushed in kashmir, now in revival effortaustralia urged both sides to exercise restraint, avoid any action which would endanger peace and security in the region and engage in dialogue to ensure that these issues are resolved peacefully.
france, which has been at the forefront along with the us to take action against masood azhar, said it recognises indias legitimacy to ensure its security against cross-border terrorism and asked pakistan to put an end to the operations of terrorist groups established on its territory.
read | india strikes terror, deep in pakistanfrance most firmly condemns the terrible attack perpetrated on 14 february 2019 against indian security forces in pulwama, for which the terrorist group, jaish-e-mohammed, has claimed responsibility.
france, which stands by india in the fight against terrorism in all its forms, is fully engaged in mobilising the international community to sanction the terrorists responsible for this attack and freezing their financing networks, the french foreign ministry said.
france solemnly calls on india and pakistan to exercise restraint so as to avert any risk of military escalation and preserve strategic stability in the region.
the resumption of bilateral dialogue between islamabad and new delhi is necessary to initiate a peaceful settlement of differences, it said.
read | pak ministers grilled by media on why paf was caught nappingin new delhi, the dean of diplomatic corps, frank hans dannenberg castellanos, who is the ambassador of the dominican republic, also issued a statement of support: the diplomatic corps feels very satisfied for the quick and organised manner in which mea briefed all heads of missions accredited in delhi, simultaneously and by the highest of the authorities within the ministry for each regional group.
advertisingwe received the same information given to the media that it was a direct attack to limited and specific objectives with no civilian or military casualties, and it was expressed that there is no intention to escalate and will act in restraint and responsibly, based on credible intelligence that further attacks were planned in india, he said.
prime minister narendra waves as he arrives at the white house in washington dc for a meeting with us president barack obama on tuesday.
(source: pti photo)prime minister narendra modi on tuesday held talks with us president barack obama on substantive bilateral, regional and international issues including defence, security, trade and situation in west asia in view of threat by islamic state militants.
modi drove straight from blair house to the famous west wing of the white house to hold talks with obama, first in restrictive format followed by delegation level.
this is the second meeting between modi and obama, who hosted a private dinner for the indian prime minister on his arrival from new york.
while modi was accompanied by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, national security adviser ajit doval, ambassador s jaishankar and other senior officials of the mea and pmo while obama was assisted by vice president joe biden, secretary of state john kerry, national security advisor susan rice and assistant secretary of state for south and central asia nisha desai biswal.
on tuesday, modi and obama had met in an informal setting in blue room of the white house and shared their experiences after taking over as prime minister and the president respectively apart from discussing areas of cooperation in combating ebola virus and the situation in war-torn afghanistan.
b'file  in this june 20, 2015 file photo, u.n. high commissioner for refugees antonio guterres, right, arrives for a visit at the midyat refugee camp in mardin, southeastern turkey, near the syrian border, saturday, june 20, 2015.
(ap photo/emrah gurel, file) file  in this june 20, 2015 file photo, u.n. high commissioner for refugees antonio guterres, right, arrives for a visit at the midyat refugee camp in mardin, southeastern turkey, near the syrian border, saturday, june 20, 2015.
(ap photo/emrah gurel, file)the un security council on thursday unanimously backed former portuguese premier antonio guterres to be the next un chief as the world bodys powerful organ recommended to the general assembly to appoint him for a five-year term.
the 15-member council held a formal vote here to elect guterres, 67, a day after it said the former un high commissioner for refugees had emerged as the clear favorite to succeed ban ki-moon, 72, as the 9th secretary general.
guterress name will now be considered by the 193-member general assembly for final confirmation.
the assemblys membership historically chooses the candidate that the council decides upon.
the veteran politician had said in an interview with the associated press that if he got the job his aim would be to work with all countries to help solve the myriad problems on the global agenda.
the security council adopted the resolution, behind closed doors as is practice, recommending that the general assembly appoint guterres for a five-year term from january 1, 2017.
the resolution needed nine votes in favour and no vetoes to pass.
also read: portugals antonio guterres, likely un chief, wants to build bridgesindia had congratulated guterres on his election with ambassador to the un syed akbaruddin tweeting, congratulations and best wishes.
india welcomes antnio manuel de olivera guterres as next secretary general of @un.
akbaruddins tweet was accompanied with a picture of guterres shaking hands with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
guterres had met swaraj during his visit to new delhi in july this year.
the council had conducted a sixth straw poll yesterday in which guterres received 13 encourage votes and two no opinion votes.
none of the five veto-wielding permanent members voted against him, clearing the way for guterres to become the worlds top diplomat.
today after our sixth straw poll we have a clear favorite and his name is antonio guterres, russias envoy to the un and president of the council for october vitaly churkin had reporters after the straw poll.
we wish guterres well in discharging his duties as the secretary general of the un for the next five years, churkin had said.
churkin also informed president of the un general assembly peter thomson that guterres had emerged as the unanimous choice after the sixth informal and first colour-coded straw poll of the security council for the position of secretary-general.
the president thanked him for the information and said he was ready to further progress the process of appointing the next secretary-general in accordance with the charter of the united nations, thomsons office said.
guterres was prime minister of portugal from 1995 to 2002 and then served as the united nations high commissioner for refugees from 2005 to 2015.
ban is the 8th secretary-general in the organisations 70-year history.
he took office in january 2007 and will be ending his 10-year tenure on december 31, 2016.
guterres had emerged as the front-runner in all the six straw polls conducted, with the first one in july.
in addition to guterres, 12 other candidates were in the running to succeed the current un secretary general.
the decision by the security council brings the un closer towards the culmination of an unprecedented process since the selection of a new united nations secretary-general, traditionally decided behind closed-doors by a few powerful countries, had for the first time in history, involved public discussions with each candidate campaigning for the worlds top diplomatic post.
as per tradition, the job of secretary-general rotates among regions.
the post has been held by asia, africa, latin america and europe in the past, however east european nations argued it was their turn to have the next secretary general from the region.
the informal briefings between the candidates, un member states and civil society representatives kicked off in april, when the first three candidates presented their vision statements and answered questions on how they would promote sustainable development, improve efforts to create peace, protect human rights, and deal with huge humanitarian catastrophes should they be selected to lead the organisation.
in addition, this july, the un held its first-ever globally televised and webcast townhall-style debate in the general assembly hall, where the confirmed candidates at the time took questions from diplomats and the public at large.
guterress selection for the post of the worlds top diplomat also dashed hopes of a woman to succeed ban ki-moon.
there was a growing call for a woman to be elected to the post.
several un member states and civil society organisations had called for choosing a woman as the next secretary general, given that the world body has had no female head in its 70- year history.
womansg, an organisation that had been rallying for a woman secretary general, said in a statement that the announcement by the security council, with smiling faces, that they have chosen a man to be the un chief once again is a disaster for equal rights and gender equality.
it is unfair to both women and to east europe and represents the usual backroom deals that still prevail at the un.
there were seven outstanding female candidates and in the end it appears they were never seriously considered.
this is an outrage, the group said.
un director at human rights watch louis charbonneau said with guterres, the security council has chosen an outspoken and effective advocate for refugees with the potential to strike a radically new tone on human rights at a time of great challenges.
ultimately, the next un secretary-general will be judged on his ability to stand up to the very powers that just selected him, whether on syria, yemen, south sudan, the refugee crisis, climate change or any other problem that comes his way, charbonneau said.
prime minister narendra modi.
(source: pti) prime minister narendra modi.
(source: pti)hoping to raise indias relations with iran to a new level, prime minister narendra modi will arrive in tehran on may 21 and, among the meetings scheduled there, is one with irans supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei.
the modi-khamenei meeting will be closely watched, especially by israel, pakistan and the united states.
khamenei is irans most powerful leader who controls all policy matters.
diplomats working behind the scenes to make the visit a success say iran was the missing link in the prime ministers plans for india in the middle-east.
modi has taken the plunge where the upa was reluctant to move in, one of the diplomats said.
mapping pm modis foreign trips: 26 countries in 2015, 3 so far in 2016; now off to iranexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan have already visited iran to do the groundwork for political and energy talks.
the prime minister proposes to visit the port of chabahar where india has invested, an indication of its long-term interests in iran and the region.
former foreign secretary kanwal sibal told the indian express: it goes without saying that prime minister modis meeting with khamenei will be really interesting.
khamenei does not meet many visiting leaders.
he is the man who takes the real decisions.
if the prime minister meets him, it means iran wants to engage with india politically as well.
modi and his senior ministers have already touched base with key players in the region, among them israel, saudi arabia, egypt, turkey, iran and qatar.
underlining the importance india attaches to the region, sources pointed out that president pranab mukherjee too has visited israel.
home minister rajnath singh also travelled to israel, a country with which india also has defence ties.
watch indian express videos herepetroleum minister dharmendra pradhan told the indian express: after my and the foreign ministers visits in quick succession, if the prime minister is visiting iran, it signifies something.
in the post-sanction era, when a new economy is taking shape in iran, we want to be irans strategic partner.
we are surely interested in oil, gas, fertilisers.
but more than that, we want to strengthen our old relations.
when iran was under sanctions, even then we maintained our relations.
we were purchasing their oil in their difficult times.
we have civilisational ties.
as you know, hindi has many farsi words like khushi, gum, he said.
for hapless parents of nanak singh, who was just seven when he inadvertently crossed over to pakistan in 1984 from his border village, the longing for a glimpse of their son has become a never-ending wait.
that day in 1984, nanak was playing with his father in the agriculture fields of channa bedi border village from where pakistan was within a stones throw distance.
while playing in the field he stepped into pakistan and forgot the directions.
he got lost in agriculture fields, said rattan singh, the father, tears rolling down his cheeks.
there was no border security barbed fence in 1984, so it was easy to stray over to pakistan, says keshav kohli, who runs the ngo, independent student federation.
nanak was handed over to the pakistan police by some pak national.
then he was thrown into the prison and he never came out, says the father.
he said, for the first few years, the family had lost all hope knowing not where their child had disappeared.
they were not even aware their son had crossed over to pakistan until a police official in 2002, from the ramdas police station where a missing report was filed, informed them about his detention in pakistan.
nanaks parents are economically not very sound and also not educated therefore they did not take legal course to bring their son back.
says pyari, the distraught mother, for the last three decades, i have been visiting the village gurdwara and praying to waheguru (the almighty) to bring back my innocent kid who would over 37 years old now.
it is tough for a mother to live without her son even for a minute but in my case it has been three decades, she says.
kohli of the ngo independent student federation says he contacted the external affairs ministry seeking its intervene and bringing back nanak through diplomatic channels.
the pakistan government bothered neither about his innocence nor his tender age at the time of his detention.
and even the indian government has not taken any aggressive measure for the repatriation of nanak, kohli told pti.
pyari says she has a glimmer of hope that nanak might come out of pakistans kot lakhpat jail.
but she says she might not be able to recognise him if he shows up at threshold of her door one day.
his name figured on the list of prisoners as kakar singh, but we were searching for nanak.
the border security force later sent the pakistani authorities a letter seeking his release, but that didnt help, kohli said.
he said the matter was brought to the notice of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj when they met her around seven months back in delhi.
he said the minister assured them of all possible help.
nanaks parents would meet swaraj next month again and seek her help in getting him back, kohli said.
mounting pressure on the congress leadership on separate telangana statehood,party mps from the region in andhra pradesh today said they would take drastic steps like resignations if the centre failed to take a favourable decision on the issue within a month.
we will go to delhi on june 6 and meet our party leadership.
we want to ask them about our separate telangana demand.
otherwise,we want to convey our action plan, congress rajya sabha member k keshav rao told the reporters.
we need to take direct action.
we will take drastic steps and will be ready for any sacrifices, he said.
a meeting of congress mps and mlas will be held on june 5 before leaving for delhi,he said.
rao,however,said the party mps would continue their struggle for telangana by remaining within congress.
during their stay in the national capital,the mps would try to meet top leaders,including congress president sonia gandhi and prime minister manmohan singh.
congress lok sabha member k rajagopal reddy said the mps would wait till july one and announce their plan of action thereafter.
we hope a positive decision would come by july 1.
if not,we will meet on july one and we will be ready for any sacrifice,whether it is our post,party or our life.
we may take up fast also, reddy said.
highlighting the speech made by senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj at a pro-telangana meet at karimnagar on tuesday,congress lok sabha mp from karimnagar ponnam prabhakar said he would bring to the high commands notice the attempts of bjp to gain political mileage on the issue.
minister of state for external affairs vk singh.
(express file photo) minister of state for external affairs vk singh.
(express file photo)at a time when north korea is being engaged by the international community, india has reached out to pyongyang, with the first minister-level visit to the country in 20 years coming on may 15 and 16, korean central news agency reported on wednesday.
hours later, the ministry of external affairs (mea) confirmed minister of state (mos) for external affairs v k singhs official visit.
the last minister to visit pyongyang was mukhtar abbas naqvi, then mos for i&b, to attend the sixth pyongyang film festival in september 1998.
while there was no meeting between v k singh and north korean leader kim jong un, he held discussions with four leaders in the north korean establishment: vice president of presidium of the supreme peoples assembly, kim yong dae, foreign minister ri yong ho, culture minister pak chun nam, and vice foreign minister choe hui chol.
they discussed a broad range of issues covering political, regional, economic, educational and cultural cooperation between the two countries, the most important element from the indian perspective being north koreas assurance that it will never allow any action that would create concerns for indias security.
this is in the context of the north korea nuclear programme having links with pakistans nuclear programme, developed by disgraced nuclear scientist a q khan.
in a statement, the mea said, mos (minister of state) highlighted the threat from nuclear proliferation, in particular indias concerns in the context of the proliferation linkages with indias neighbourhood.
the dprk (north korean) side emphasized that as a friendly country dprk will never allow any action that would create concerns for indias security.
besides bilateral discussions, the mea said the north korean side provided an overview of some recent developments in the korean peninsula.
mos (singh) reiterated indias support to the joint peace initiative of dprk and republic of korea leadership, encouraging both sides for their efforts towards establishment of peace and prosperity on the korean peninsula, the statement said, without any reference to the us-north korean engagement.
the development comes at a time when north korea has criticised the us approach towards pyongyang, and has lashed out at the us-south korean military exercises.
this is being perceived as a fresh irritant, ahead of the scheduled summit between kim jong un and us president donald trump.
this comes after a series of provocative statements by us officials, especially nsa john bolton and secretary of state mike pompeo, in the last few days.
indias outreach to pyongyang comes in the wake of global efforts to curb the nuclear proliferation threats emerging from north korea.
on march 9, a day after us president donald trump agreed to meet kim jong un, india had welcomed the development and said it supports all efforts to bring about peace and stability in the korean peninsula through dialogue and diplomacy.
india supports all efforts to bring about peace and stability in the korean peninsula through dialogue and diplomacy.
we hope that such engagement will help in reducing tension and pave the way for lasting peace and reconciliation in the korean peninsula.
as we have said before, we also believe that any solution to the issues in korean peninsula must also take into account and address concerns about the proliferation linkages of dprks nuclear and missile programme, meas official spokesperson raveesh kumar had said, in a reference to links between pakistans nuclear programme and the north korean nuclear and missile programme.
india has always maintained that pakistans nuclear scientist a q khan had helped north korea in developing their nuclear programme.
in the last few years, especially since trump administration came to office, new delhi had played along with washington on the sanctions imposed on north korea.
however, us insistence of reducing north korean diplomatic presence in india, as well as indian diplomatic presence in pyongyang, had been gently rejected by the indian establishment.
india has, however, always maintained diplomatic and trade relationship with north korea.
north korean foreign minister ri su yong had visited india on a bilateral and standalone visit from april 12 to 14, 2015 and had sought humanitarian assistance.
on wednesday, the mea said, the two sides decided to explore possibilities of cooperation in areas of mutual interest, including vocational education, agriculture, pharmaceuticals, promotion of yoga and traditional medicines.
both sides agreed to strengthen people-to-people contacts through educational and cultural exchange, to mark 45 years of establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries.
india and north korea established formal diplomatic relations on december 10, 1973 and this year marks the 45th year of establishment of diplomatic relations.
bilateral trade between india and north korea has declined in recent past mainly due to the latters inability to carry on foreign trade due to financial crunch.
india had been north koreas second biggest trade partner after china.
b'punjab cm amarinder singh punjab cm amarinder singhpunjab chief minister amarinder singh tuesday assured the state assembly, and the families of those from the state killed by the islamic state in iraq, his government will work out a proper assistance package for them, and will continue giving them a monthly pension until it is done.
during his reply to a debate on the motion of thanks on the governors address, the chief minister said in the vidhan sabha that as the state awaits the bodies of those confirmed dead in mosul, his government is working out an adequate assistance package for the affected families.
the mortal remains of 27 punjabis of the total 39 killed by the isis will reach amritsar airport early next week, he said, urging members of the house to receive the bodies at the airport.
the chief minister said he had requested the ministry of external affairs to announce ex gratia to the families and his government was awaiting their decision.
the chief minister said he was in constant touch with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her junior minister v k singh to ensure the mortal remains are brought back at the earliest and with due respect.
presently, the families of the victims from punjab are being given a monthly pension of rs 20,000 by the state government.
the remaining 39 indians were taken to badoosh and killed, she had said.
search operations led to a mound in badoosh where locals said some bodies were buried by the isis.
deep penetration radars were used to establish that the mound indeed was a mass grave, she had said, adding the indian authorities requested their iraqi counterpart to exhume the bodies.
the bodies were then sent to baghdad for dna testing.
the dna testing by martyrs foundation established the identity of 38 indians while there has been 70 per cent matching of the dna for the 39th person, she had said.
nepalese students shout slogans against the indian government near the indian embassy in kathmandu, nepal, friday, march 10, 2017.
(ap/pti photo) nepalese students shout slogans against the indian government near the indian embassy in kathmandu, nepal, friday, march 10, 2017.
(ap/pti photo)amid tension surrounding the death of a nepalese citizen, allegedly in firing by sashastra seema bal (ssb) personnel posted at the border, national security advisor ajit doval on friday telephoned nepal prime minister prachanda and condoled the death, a statement issued by the nepalese prime ministers secretariat said.
watch what else is making newsdoval, who made the phone call on behalf of prime minister narendra modi, said indian authorities have initiated a probe into the killing of govinda gautam.
prachanda, expressing nepals readiness to provide the required support for the investigation, said the kanchanpur incident was very serious.
he expressed hope that the guilty would be booked.
in kathmandu, charge d affaires at indian embassy vinay kumar on friday called on nepals foreign secretary shanker das bairagi and condoled the death.
kumar too informed bairagi that an inquiry has been initiated into the incident.
india has sought gautams post-mortem and forensic reports.
ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay said on friday that officials of the two border districts, kanchanpur in nepal and lakhimpur kheri in india, met after the incident and agreed to maintain peace.
following reports of the death of a nepali national yesterday (thursday) at the india-nepal border, allegedly in a firing incident, the ssb has initiated an inquiry into this matter.
the government of nepal is being requested through diplomatic channels to share post-mortem and forensic reports to facilitate the process, baglay said.
according to reports, gautam was killed when ssb personnel allegedly opened fire following a dispute over the construction of a culvert across the sano khola river along the frontier in uttar pradesh.
the indian embassy in kathmandu has denied any firing by ssb personnel deployed on the indian side of the border.
the incident has triggered protests in the neighbouring country and its government has demanded a probe into the incident.
the ssb has denied reports of any firing by its men but ordered a probe.
nepals ministry of foreign affairs, in a statement on friday night, said, the government of nepal has already taken up this matter with serious concern at higher diplomatic level of the government of india with a demand to investigate the incident and bring the guilty to justice.
deputy prime minister and home minister bimalendra nidhi spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, media reports here said.
the situation on the border remained tense on friday, with hundreds of nepalese citizens gathering there and hurling stones at ssb personnel.
the stone-pelting left three ssb personnel, including company commander t k hans, and three civilians injured, said ssb commandant dilbag singh.
ssb director general archana ramasundaram said they have ordered a fact-finding inquiry that will be conducted by a dig-rank officer of the force.
our troops have told us that there has been no firing from their side but as the allegations are serious, i have ordered a court of inquiry, she told pti.
meanwhile, the deceased has been declared a martyr by the nepal government.
along with the martyr status, the government will provide rs 1 million compensation to the next of the kin of the victim and fund the education of his children, home minister nidhi said while addressing the legislature-parliament meeting on friday.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will attend a two-day meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), beginning tuesday, in kyrgyz capital bishkek.
among several issues, terrorism and connectivity are expected to be discussed during the meeting.
advertisingthis will be swarajs last visit in this term, and she will share the table with foreign minister of pakistan shah mahmoud qureshi and chinese foreign minister wang yi among others.
the ministry of external affairs said the council of foreign ministers (cfm) will exchange views on topical issues of international and regional importance, besides reviewing the preparation for the sco summit in bishkek on june 13-14.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will be representing india in the meeting of council of foreign ministers (cfm) of shanghai cooperation organisation to be held in bishkek on may 21-22, it said.
advertisingindia became a full member of the group in 2017 and new delhis entry has increased the blocs heft in regional geo-politics, besides giving it a pan-asian hue.
india is also keen on deepening its security-related cooperation with the sco and its regional anti-terrorism structure (rats), which specifically deals with issues relating to security and defence.
india actively took part in various sco dialogue mechanisms under the chairmanship of the kyrgyz republic over the past year, the mea said.
it said that swarajs programme in bishkek will include a joint call of sco foreign ministers on kyrgyz president sooranbay jeenbekov.
last month, defence minister nirmala sitharaman attended the sco defence ministers conclave in bishkek.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday discussed economic relations with russian deputy prime minister yuri trutnev, who is presently on a four-day visit to india beginning march 15.
the two leaders discussed wide-ranging issues regarding india-russia economic relations.
they agreed that the privileged strategic partnership between india and russia is based on long standing and time tested ties, is very deep and extends to all spheres of mutual interest, said a statement.
swaraj on her part specifically stressed the growing mutual beneficial ties between india and russia in energy sector, particularly in the russian far east, the statement said, adding she expressed hope that the mutual complementary strength of the two partners in the diamond sector will be exploited fully.
the external affairs minister also emphasised on cooperation in maritime and agricultural sector, and on institutional linkages between the countries in these areas.
she thanked the russian dignitary for inviting the indian participation in the third eastern economic forum to be held in vladivostok in september this year.
they agreed that the forthcoming interaction between the leaders of the two countries and various ministerial interactions will provide further thrust to the development of economic cooperation between india and russia, the statement added.
chinas technical hold on the un designation of jaish-e-mohammeds masood azhar was foretold.
nothing has changed between india and china, or china and pakistan, for beijing to have had a change of mind at the un 1267 sanctions committee that designates terrorist entities, individuals and groups.
this is the third time since the january 2016 pathankot attack that china has used this route to block azhars designation.
each time, india pointed at beijing and complained loudly.
but the government must know by now that china is not easily embarrassed.
like every country, china is guided by self-interest.
clearly, it does not consider the jem a threat to its own interests yet.
on the other hand, each such episode is an exposition of the limitations of indian diplomacy with china  even a personal word from prime minister narendra modi to chinese president xi jinping, and an appeal from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, have not done the trick.
it is time india stopped investing so much diplomatic energy in the 1267 committee.
existing designations also seem to have done nothing to dismantle the infrastructure of terrorism; the jem and the lashkar-e-toiba were designated in 2001.
five years later, the let struck with the mumbai train blasts in july 2006, and two years later, with the 2008 attack on mumbai.
shortly after this, hafiz saeed, head of the let proxy jamaat-ud-dawa, and the group, were both designated.
barring some discomfiture for pakistan, and a few months under house arrest for saeed, the designation has done nothing to disadvantage him or the jud.
the jem, which unlike the jud, is banned in pakistan under its own anti-terrorism act, has likewise continued to grow since its designation.
after the pathankot attack, pakistan chose to take azhar into protective custody.
indian interests may be better served by working to improve ties with china in a new, unpredictable world, and to convey to beijing that india-aimed terrorism emanating from pakistan threatens the stability of the region, and thus hurts chinas ambitious economic interests in pakistan.
this thought appears to be dawning in the chinese establishment too.
there has been some chatter that the recent house arrest of hafiz saeed may have come after a nudge from china, not the us.
while there is no evidence to back either possibility, it would also be unwise to put too much store by pakistans move, which may have been aimed at showing anti-terror credentials to the immigration-obsessed trump administration.
saeed has easily shaken off previous house arrests under the maintenance of public order act through appeals in the courts, which, while setting him free, have reprimanded the government for bending to pressure from india or the us.
it would be no surprise if this happens again.
eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini shakes hands with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti) eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini shakes hands with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti)european union foreign policy chief federica mogherini on friday held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on a range of issues including on preparations for the annual india-eu summit scheduled to be held here later this year.
mogherini also held delegation-level talks with minister of state for external affairs m j akbar during which they discussed progress on decisions taken during the annual summit in brussels last year.
mogherini is in india on a two-day visit.
in the meeting, the eu side is understood to have pushed for early resumption of talks for the long-pending free trade pact between india and the eu.
indias bilateral investment pacts with several european countries are expiring and citing this, the eu has been strongly pushing for moving ahead with the free trade agreement which is known as the eu-india broad-based trade and investment agreement (btia).
the eu has been pressing india to extend by six months its bilateral investment pacts with several eu-member countries which are expiring soon, saying absence of the treaties could adversely impact trade ties and fta talks.
indias existing trade and investment pacts with the netherlands came to an end in november while similar pacts with several other eu countries are expiring in the coming months.
the eu has been maintaining that expiry of the pacts will make it difficult for european countries to go for fresh investments in india.
the body wants india to first give the extension to the pacts and then move ahead with btia.
the btia talks have been stalled since may 2013 when both sides failed to bridge substantial gaps on issues like data security status for the it sector.
launched in june 2007, negotiations for the proposed agreement have witnessed many hurdles as both sides have major differences on crucial issues.
in the last eu-india summit in brussels, the two sides had failed to make any announcement on resumption of the negotiations as many bottlenecks still remained.
the two sides are yet to iron out issues related to tariff and movement of professionals but the eu has shown an inclination to restart talks.
besides demanding significant duty cuts in automobiles, the eu wants tax reduction in wines, spirits and dairy products, and a strong intellectual property regime.
on the other hand, india is asking the eu to grant it data secure nation status.
the country is among nations not considered data secure by the eu.
the matter is crucial as it will have a bearing on indian it companies wanting market access.
in an unexpected turn, the indian-american father, accused of killing his 3-year-old adopted daughter sherin mathews and dumping her body in a culvert in suburban dallas, has pleaded guilty to a lesser charge, media reports said tuesday.
advertisingwesley mathews, 39, pleaded guilty to injury to a child by omission even before his capital murder trial opened at a dallas district court on monday.
mathews had been charged with capital murder of a person under the age of 10 in the death of his special needs daughter in october 2017.
mathews and his wife sini mathews, both from kerala, adopted sherin (born as saraswati) from an orphanage in bihar in 2016.
advertisingif convicted, mathews faced life in prison without the possibility of parole.
now, with the charge of first-degree injury to a child by omission, mathews could get probation or face prison and life with the possibility of parole after serving 30 years, nbcdfw.com reported.
it was unclear if prosecutors were aware of mathews plans to plead guilty to the felony charge of injury to a child, reports said.
a jury of four women and eight men will decide mathews fate.
mathews attorney told jurors during opening statements that the defendant will admit to lies and mistakes he made during the time his adopted daughter sherin went missing and was found dead two weeks later.
it was not clear if this guilty plea removes the additional charges of capital murder and tampering with a corpse, the report said.
but entering the guilty plea immediately moved mathews trial into the punishment phase on monday.
if he had been found guilty of capital murder, mathews would have faced an automatic life sentence without parole for the minor indian girls tragic death in october 2017, an incident that attracted much international attention.
sini, registered nurse, was initially charged with child endangerment but prosecutors later dropped the charges citing a lack of evidence.
sini, who was present in the court on monday, could be called to testify in the case, the reports said.
the night of sherins death, the family left her home alone to go out to dinner.
it was on october 7, 2017 when sherin was reported missing by mathews.
he initially claimed that as punishment for not drinking her milk he sent sherin outside at 3 a.
m.
to stand by a tree outside the backyard of their home in richardson, texas.
when he checked in on her 15 minutes later, mathews said sherin was missing.
two weeks later, when sherins body was found in a nearby culvert by a cadaver dog, mathews changed his story, claiming he physically assisted his adopted daughter in drinking the milk and that the toddler choked and after coughing for a while her breathing slowed.
during a custody hearing for the mathews biological daughter, a child abuse specialist testified that sherins body showed signs of abuse and that she had a series of broken bones and injuries, in various stages of healing, that could not have happened prior to her adoption.
during mondays hearing, lead prosecutor jason fine told jurors that the defendant knew exactly where sherin was.
fine said that mathews character and his actions following sherins disappearance will persuade the jury that it is left with only one just verdict  life in prison.
rafael de la garza, mathews attorney, asked the jury for leniency in his clients punishment.
he noted that mathews does not have a prior criminal history and argued that he is not a threat to the public, dallas morning post quoted the attorney as saying.
he said mathews is remorseful and is expected to testify to provide an honest description of what transpired the night sherin died.
in court on monday, the state played never-before-seen body camera footage of officers interacting with mathews when they first arrived to investigate her disappearance.
in the video, one could see mathews describing to officers what sherin was wearing and also where he last saw her, wfaa tv station reported.
a special agent with the fbi also testified and said that he examined mathews iphone and found that he stopped sharing his location with his wife sini after sherin reportedly was left outside.
a k9 handler also testified and held back tears as she explained finding sherin in the culvert, 15 days after she went missing.
the indian-american couple gave up parental rights to their biological child in january 2018.
the girl was removed from the familys home by child welfare officials after sherin went missing.
she remained in foster care for weeks before she was sent to live with sini mathews relatives in the houston area.
advertisingsherins death attracted the attention of the indian government and the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
india further tightened the adoption process after sherins tragic death.
a congress member on thursday raised in the rajya sabha the issue of alleged hate crimes against indians in the us and wanted to know what the government here was doing about it.
after the new president (donald trump) took over the reins of administration in the usa, hatred against asians and indians is increasing.
it is really very, very unfortunate.
because of certain omissions and commissions by the us administration, the hate crimes against indians are increasing, said t subbarami reddy.
he also said that about three lakh undocumented indians could be affected by the trump administrations proposed crackdown on illegal migrants.
reddy wanted to know from prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the diplomatic efforts being made by the government to address the issue.
nepalese president bidhya devi bhandari arrives at delhi airport on monday.
ap nepalese president bidhya devi bhandari arrives at delhi airport on monday.
apnepal president bidya devi bhandari on tuesday received ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi.
she was welcomed by president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi.
bhandari will hold meetings with president mukherjee and prime minister modi later in the day.
vice president m hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will also call on the visiting dignitary.
the nepal president is also scheduled to attend a business event.
president mukherjee will also host a state banquet in honor of the visiting dignitary.
bhandari arrived in new delhi yesterday afternoon on a five-day visit to india.
she is being accompanied by a high-level delegation comprising ministers, members of parliament and senior officials.
the visit is taking place in the backdrop of intensified bilateral engagements at the political and official levels in recent times.
in the last six months, this is the fourth visit at the head of state or head of government level between the two countries which is unprecedented.
there had been more than 30 official and ministerial level engagements since the state visit of president mukherjee to nepal in november last year which clearly illustrate the wide range and depth of cooperative ties with nepal.
the visit reflects the priority that both the nations attach to further strengthening of their age-old and unique partnership, underpinned by shared historical and cultural linkages and strong people-to-people connections.
the remains of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were cremated with full state honours at lodhi road crematorium here on wednesday in the presence of leaders from across the political spectrum and scores of supporters.
advertisingswaraj died at aiims late tuesday night after a massive heart attack.
she was 67.
on wednesday, vehicles sped up and down jantar mantar road to her home as political leaders streamed in all morning to offer their condolences to the family.
read | foreign minister, most accessiblepresident ram nath kovind was among the early visitors, going to the familys residence for 10 minutes around 9 am.
advertisingvice president m venkaiah naidu also went there.
at 9.
45 am, prime minister narendra modi arrived.
among others who met the family at their home were home minister amit shah, bjp working president j p nadda, union ministers kiren rijju and vijay goel, and senior party leaders murli manohar joshi and uma bharti.
among those from opposition parties who went there and paid condolences to the family were former vice president hamid ansari, former prime minister manmohan singh, former uttar pradesh chief minister and samajwadi party veteran mulayam singh yadav, and delhi cm arvind kejriwal.
sonia gandhi, former congress chief and one-time political rival from bellary, karnataka, from where swaraj had unsuccessfully contested the lok sabha polls in 1999, was also there, as were former congress chief rahul gandhi, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad and cpi(m) leader brinda karat.
30 pm, her remains began to be moved to the bjp headquarters at ito, where party workers from across delhi, haryana and other parts of the country were waiting to pay their last respects.
at 3.
40 pm, the body, wrapped in tricolour, reached lodhi road crematorium, where daughter bansuri carried out the final rites.
president kovind, prime minister modi, union ministers shah, rajnath singh and smriti irani, and bjp veteran l k advani, among others, were present at the cremation.
leaders associated with different stages of her long journey of over 40 years, starting from her days in haryana politics in the 1970s, were part of this final journey.
karnataka chief minister b s yediyurappa, who visited the familys home in the morning, recalled the late leaders brush with politics in karnataka in 1999: she was, and will remain, a leader worthy of emulation.
for me, it is a personal loss.
i remember how she contested the lok sabha election from bellary.
i was with her in the same hotel, in the same room.
although she was defeated, she regularly visited bellary for the annual varamahalakshmi festival.
bjp leader anil vij, the mla from ambala cantonment in haryana, said after the rituals: she had begun her political journey from my vidhan sabha constituency.
she won the seat twice.
in 1990, when she was elected to rajya sabha, i contested the by-elections from the constituency (and won).
she had a very close relationship with ambala, and people there are deeply affectedbjp lok sabha mp from allahabad rita bahuguna joshi said: after being in power (as minister in different governments) since the age of 25, today she died in a small flat in delhi.
it gives a signal to the entire world that a person is formed by her personality, not her position.
in her condolence letter to swarajs husband swaraj kaushal, sonia gandhi wrote: in our many years together as colleagues in lok sabha, we developed a warm personal relationship and i feel her loss greatly.
i am shocked and deeply saddened at the sudden passing away of your beloved wifeadvertisingthe same courage and grit that was hallmark of sushma-jis political life, she showed in her personal life as well, as she faced her serious ailments with incredible fortitude you must draw solace from the fact that sushmaji lived a life of honour, filled with achievement and contributions to the country she loved; respected and admired by all indians.
and she went as she had lived  active and engaged till the very end, sonia wrote.
kulbhushan jadhav kulbhushan jadhava military court on monday sentenced kulbhushan jadhav to death after he was found guilty of spying charges.
jadhav was arrested by pakistan forces in balochistan in march 2016 and was charged with espionage and waging war on pakistan.
the judgment has incited strong reactions from india with the foreign secretary s jaishankar issuing a demarche to pakistan high commissioner abdul basit, saying that india will see the capital punishment as premeditated murder.
here is a look at how some of the leading pakistan dailies have reported on the sentencing:1) the dawnthe dawn in its reportage described the judgment as rare move and said the verdict has come at a time when the relations between the two countries are at their worst.
another column on dawn website titled will pak-india relations be affected by the jadhav sentence?
offered reactions from several of countrys analysts.
while some experts in the column said that the nation is united on the decision and should not back down from pressure by india, others said pakistan should share evidence with india and the country should expect a strong reaction from its neighbouring nation.
read | who is kulbhushan jadhav?
all you need to knownow that we have made our move, which is the right thing to do, we should brace for indias retaliation, lieutenant general (retired) talat masood was quoted in the column.
2) the nationthe lead story in the nation deals with the judgment by the military court and the headlines read death to spy spikes tensions.
the article talks about how the decision to award a death penalty to a former indian navy officer will pit the two nuclear-armed states against each other.
a military court on monday sentenced a high-profile indian spy to death, ratcheting up longstanding tensions between the nuclear-armed states.
the article also quoted analyst dr hassan askars views on the decision to execute jadhav.
askar who said the judgment was according to pakistan law but would further increase tension between the two countries.
read | opposition, government unite in parliament to ensure justice for kulbhushan jadhav3) the express tribunethe express tribune also carried it as a lead story with the headline self-confessed indian spy awarded death sentence.
describing the decision as unprecedented, the article talked about the diplomatic tensions started by the decision between india and pakistan in the lead paragraph.
as the headline suggests, the article also focuses on the fact that jadhav himself confessed that he was an indian spy and goes on to talk about the 6-minute video of his confession.
b'the two leaders discussed a range of issues, including cooperation in the field of nuclear energy.
(express photo: praveen jain) the two leaders discussed a range of issues, including cooperation in the field of nuclear energy.
(express photo: praveen jain)prime minister narendra modi and vietnamese president tran dai quang on saturday discussed ways to enhance cooperation in key areas of defence and trade.
the two leaders discussed a range of issues, including cooperation in the field of nuclear energy.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen countrys comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
india and vietnam enjoy warm and cordial relationship with common roots in history.
#acteastpolicy, kumar tweeted.
(express photo: praveen jain) india and vietnam enjoy warm and cordial relationship with common roots in history.
#acteastpolicy, kumar tweeted.
(express photo: praveen jain)quang was also given a ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhavan.
pm @narendramodi welcomes vietnamese president tran dai quang on his first state visit to india at the hyderabad house ahead of the bilateral talks.
india and vietnam enjoy warm and cordial relationship with common roots in history.
#acteastpolicy, kumar tweeted.
addressing the 18th mid-term ministerial meeting of the non-aligned movement (nam) here, swaraj also pushed for reforms of the united nations security council.
she said that no effort to reform the un will be complete without reforms of the united nations security council.
india had been strongly pushing for completing the long-pending reforms of the powerful security council.
it maims and kills our citizens and undermines our ability to attain our development goals.
unfortunately, the talks about combating terrorism have not been matched by our actions.
the strengthening and implementation, without double standards of existing international laws and mechanisms to fight the menace of terrorism is an imperative, the minister said.
the meeting was chaired by jorge arreaza, foreign minister of the bolivarian republic of venezuela.
in 1996, india proposed a comprehensive convention on international terrorism (ccit) as a way to strengthen the existing legal framework.
yet after more than two decades, discussions have made little progress even while terrorists continue to operate with greater impunity and inhumanity, the minister said.
as a first step, let us renew our commitment to finalise the ccit.
at the last un general assembly high level segment, a strong desire was voiced by the international community for change and reforms at the united nations, she said.
to date, the inter-governmental negotiation process, has been carefully nurtured into a credible collective process for negotiation on this important subject.
the time has come to move to the next phase and commence text based negotiations  a demand made by an overwhelming majority of un members including most nam members, she said.
indias support to the palestinian cause has been a reference point of our foreign policy.
at the recent meeting in rome to deal with the financial crisis faced by the united nations relief and works agency (unrwa), india decided to increase its contribution to the unrwa budget from usd 1 million to usd 5 million, on a multiple year basis, in view of the dire financial crisis that this body now faces.
the challenges we face today such as nuclear escalation, armed conflict, refugee flows, terrorism, poverty and worsening environmental degradation  all require more effective multilateralism.
the fundamental values and principles on which the non aligned movement is based are, therefore, even more relevant today.
in 2015, we adopted the sustainable development goals (sdgs) to find solutions of the developmental challenges we face.
we also promised that no one will be left behind.
genuine global partnerships have to be forged if the sdgs are to be achieved.
financing for development is, therefore, of utmost importance to nam countries, swaraj said.
protecting the environment of the planet is a moral responsibility.
global action on the basis of the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities is now an even greater imperative, she said.
india along with france launched the international solar alliance through which more than 60 countries have joined to promote greater use of solar energy, she said.
nam has been a votary of universal, non-discriminatory and verifiable nuclear disarmament and of pursuit of that goal through multilateralism.
india remains committed to the shared goal of the global elimination of nuclear weapons, swaraj added.
b'president pranab mukherjee, vice president hamid ansari and prime minister narendra modi with the newly inducted ministers after the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on july 05, 2016.
pib president pranab mukherjee, vice president hamid ansari and prime minister narendra modi with the newly inducted ministers after the swearing-in ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on july 05, 2016.
pibprime minister narendra modi on tuesday expanded his union council of ministers at a ceremony in the darbar hall of the rashtrapati bhavan.
president pranab mukherjee administered oath to the 19 new ministers of state as well as a cabinet rank oath to minister prakash javadekar.
the top four  finance, home, external affairs and defence  have been left untouched by prime minister narendra modi.
photos: here are the 19 newly inducted ministersthe new portfolios will be made known this evening.
five ministers have tendered their resignation to prime minister narendra modi.
they are nihalchand, ram shankar katheria, sanwar lal jat, manuskhbhai d vasva and m k kundariya.
also read: 3 new ministers from up, pm modi targets caste and vote banks for 2017prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah have been deliberating on the expansion, keeping in mind the upcoming elections to the states of uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, as well as ensuring that other states where the party has emerged victorious have representation in the government.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, earlier in the day, tweeted her inability to attend the swearing-in ceremony.
read more about it, here.
the 19 new ministers inducted into prime minister narendra modis council of ministers.
click for a larger image.
were getting you the latest updates and reactions as they unfold:3.
30 pm: prime minister narendra modi has convened a meeting of his council of ministers.
its currently underwaydelhi: prime minister narendra modi meets newly inducted ministers #cabinetexpansion (source: pmo) pic.
twitter.com/75bjunvyku  ani (@ani_news) july 5, 20163.
20 pm: president pranab mukherjee accepts the resignation of five ministers of state from council of ministers12.
26 pm: council of ministers is a team for the prime minister.
the new team, with its new members, will prove its mettle, narendra singh tomar has said.
12.
20 pm: will work to serve people in the best way, pm modi has trusted us, gave this great opportunity, newly uinducted mos anil dave said.
12.
00 pm: five ministers have tendered their resignation to prime minister narendra modi.
they are nihalchand, ram shankar katheria, sanwar lal jat, manuskhbhai d vasva and m k kundariya.
11.
41 am: the swearing-in ceremony has concluded.
11.
40 am: dr subhash bhambre, bjp mp representing dhule, maharashtra, has been sworn in as mos.
11.
38 am: pp chaudhary, lok sabha mp representing pali, rajasthan, has been sworn in by president pranab mukherjee.
hes currently the chairperson of the joint parliamentary committee on offices of profit11.
36 am: cr chaudhary, lok sabha mp from nagaur, rajasthan has also been sworn in by president pranab mukherjee.
11.
32 am: anupriya patel, apna dal mp representing mirzapur, uttar pradesh, has been sworn in as mos by president pranab mukherjee.
read more about her, here.
11.
30 am: bjp mp mansukh mandaviya, who represents gujarat in rajya sabha, has been sworn in by president pranab mukherjee.
11.
28 am: bjp mp krishna raj has been sworn in by president pranab.
she represents shahjahanpur constituency of uttar pradesh.
read more about her, here.
11.
27 am: ajay tamta, lok sabha mp from almora, uttarakhand, has been sworn in by president pranab mukherjee.
he took oath as minister of state.
11.
26 am: mahendra nath pandey has been sworn in by president pranab mukherjee.
he represents chandauli in the 16th lok sabha.
he took oath as mos.
read more about him, here.
11.
25 am: jasvantsinh sumanbhai bhabhor, an mp representing dahod, gujarat, has been sworn in as mos.
rajya sabha mp mj akbar has taken oath as mos rajya sabha mp mj akbar has taken oath as mos11.
24 am: arjun ram meghwal, the bjps chief whip in lok sabha, has also been sworn in.
he represents bikaner, rajasthan and has been a member of the house for two terms.
11.
20 am: former journalist and rajya sabha mp mj akbar has taken oath as minister of state.
he represents madhya pradesh in the house.
read more about him, here.
11.
20 am: parsottambhai rupala, a rajya sabha mp from gujarat has also been sworn in by president pranab mukherjee.
11.
19 am: anil madhav dave, rajya sabha mp representing madhya pradesh, has also taken oath.
he was first elected to the house in 2009.
he took oath as minister of state.
11.
16 am: ramesh chandappa, lok sabha mp from karnataka, bjp mp sworn in as minister of state11.
16 am: rajen gohain has also taken oath as a minister in the narendra modi council of ministers.
hes an mp from assam.
mos prakash javadekar has taken oath as a cabinet minister.
mos prakash javadekar has taken oath as a cabinet minister.
11.
15 am: ramdas athawale, rajya sabha mp from maharashtra, has also taken oath and will join prime minister narendra modis council of ministers.
11.
12 am: ramesh jigajinagi, mp from bijapur, has taken oath.
he served on the consultation committee at the ministry of external affairs.
11.
10 am: ss ahluwalia has taken oath as a minister.
hes a vice president of the bjp and represents darjeeling.
read more here.
11.
08 am: faggan kulaste has taken oath.
kulaste represents the mandla constituency of madhya pradesh.
he took oath as a mos.
read more here.
11.
07 am: vijay goel, bjp mp has been sworn in as mos.
he was elected to rajya sabha from rajasthan.
11.
05 am: prakash javadekar has been elevated to cabinet rank from mos independent.
11.
00 am: president pranab mukherjee has arrived at the ceremony hall.
the programme is set to begin following the national anthemdelhi: president pranab mukherjee and pm modi with the newly inducted ministers #cabinetexpansion pic.
twitter.com/y7qhgd8dna  ani (@ani_news) july 5, 201610.
58 am: vice president hamid ansari, prime minister narendra modi, bjp chief amit shah and other senior ministers have arrived at rashtrapati bhavan10.
55 am: reports suggest there will be no change in the cabinet.
all new ministers will be given mos positions as well as independent charge.
10.
50 am: happy birthday to union minister ram vilas paswan!
hes currently union minister of food & public distribution, consumer affairs.
10.
40 am: shiv sena mp and union minister anant geete will attend the oath-taking ceremony of newly inducted ministers in cabinet.
another mp from maharashtra  ramdas athawale will be sworn-in today10.
20 am: his wish is my commandamit shahji has asked me to work with him for the party, i told him, his wish is my command.
pm modi and amit shah have given responsibility to new people, i welcome them, ram shankar katheria told news agency ani.
10.
15 am: in an interaction with a group of journalists, the prime minister underlined that he was only expanding his cabinet and not changing it.
he said the expansion was a natural event after two years.
read more about that interaction, here.
10.
00 am: these two mps, set to be inducted into the union council of ministers, have taken the greener option to rashtrapati bhavandelhi: mansukh mandaviya & arjun meghwal leave for presidents house on a cycle,will be inducted in #cabinet,today pic.
twitter.com/f1dfgalj2i  ani (@ani_news) july 5, 20169.
30 am: read our interview with prime minister narendra modi, where he shares details of his first two years.
read it here.
9.
00 am: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has clarified she wont be able to attend the swearing-in ceremony.
i am unable to attend the swearing in ceremony in rashtrapati bhawan since i have a meeting with foreign minister of hungary.
i congratulate and welcome all my colleagues joining the council of ministers.
media  pl avoid the headline : sushmaswaraj skips oath ceremony.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 5, 2016the first council of ministers expansion of the narendra modi government took place in november 2014, which saw a few changes in the cabinet including the induction of defence minister manohar parrikar.
to know more about the last cabinet expansion, click here.
bjps south goa mp narendra sawaikar has written a letter to ministry of external affairs seeking its help for the 14 indians stranded in africa.
(file photo) bjps south goa mp narendra sawaikar has written a letter to ministry of external affairs seeking its help for the 14 indians stranded in africa.
(file photo)lok sabha member from south goa narendra sawaikar has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help 14 indians reportedly stranded on a merchant navy vessel at a port in djibouti in africa.
quoting a report in a local newspaper, which said that a man from goa is among the 14 indians stranded on the ship, sawaikar, in a letter, requested swaraj to instruct the officials concerned to take immediate steps for the safety and release of the indian crew.
according to the bjp leader, the stranded ship has 14 indian crew, including a 22-year-old goan, identified as philip dias.
from the reports and the information it is understood that the captain of the merchant ship has left the port and the vessel has been detained from april 2017 onwards, says the letter.
the said crew is in a difficult condition for want of assistance, food and water, sawaikar said in the letter.
monika khangembam with anti-afspa activist irom sharmila.
(facebook photo) monika khangembam with anti-afspa activist irom sharmila.
(facebook photo)in wake of alleged racial harassment of manipuri woman monika khangembam, who was subjected to racial treatment at the indira gandhi international airports immigration desk, the centre on monday assured action, adding that there will be probe in the matter.
we have received a report that a manipuri girl who was going to south korea was misbehaved and racially targeted.
we have got a report that delhi airport immigration officer misbehaved with her so we have asked for details.
there will be probe in this matter.
action will be taken as and when details are given to us, minister of state for home kiren rijiju told the media in new delhi.
watch: excessive force cant be used by army or police even in afspa areas: scresonating similar sentiments, minister of state in prime ministers office jitendra singh said that prime minister narendra modi-led government at the centre doesnt approve of such conduct.
in the last two years ever since the present government took over under prime minister narendra modi, not only there has been developmental works in north-east but there has been an outreach at the social and cultural level to bring north-east as close as possible to the mainstream of india.
therefore, it is for all of us to realize that the people of north-east are as much indians as any one of us, he said.
watch video: whats making newsthis is also an occasion to reassure friends and fellow citizens of north-east that the government of the day doesnt approve of such kind of conduct coming forth from any quarter, he added.
khangembam has asked the authorities to take action and has been plans to write to the ministry of external affairs about the incident.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has tendered apology in her tweeter posts.
monika khangembam  i am sorry to know this.
immigration is not with me.
i will speak to my senior colleague shri @rajnathsingh ji to sensitise immigration officials at the airport.
b'yemens civil war has endangered many indian expats living in the country.
reuters.
yemens civil war has endangered many indian expats living in the country.
reuters.
three men allegedly involved in the abduction of father tom uzhunnalil and carrying out an attack on a care home for the elderly killing an indian and 15 others in yemens port city of aden, were arrested in the strife-torn country.
based on information that we have received from our embassy in djibouti, it appears that the information is correct, official sources said when asked about reports that suspected terrorists involved in the two cases were captured.
they said there was no information available yet on the whereabouts of father uzhunnalil, adding the indian mission continues to work with the local authorities to ascertain information on him.
the priest, who hails from kerala, had gone missing after the islamic state militant group attacked the care home run by mother teresas missionaries of charity.
gunmen stormed the refuge killing a yemeni guard before tying up and shooting 15 other employees, officials said.
four foreign nuns working as nurses were among those killed.
one of the nurses was indian.
the indian embassy in yemens capital sanaa was closed last year following widespread violence.
the embassys functions are being carried out from a camp office in djibouti.
earlier, in april, she had told a chruch deldgation that father uzhunnalil was safe after reports said that he had been killed by the militants.
india, in 2015, had conducted air and sea-based evacuation named operation raahat, in which nearly 4640 indian citizens in yemen alingwith 960 foreign nationals were evacuated from the war-torn country.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti)india has taken up the issue of a medical student who died after being attacked by local goons with russian authorities.
we have taken this up with russian authorities and we will take this to the logical conclusion, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted late wednesday night.
yasir, a medical student from srinagar, died on wednesday after being comatose following the attack in kazan city, capital of the russian province of tatarstan.
on tuesday, the minister tweeted that yasir, who was in coma, was being treated by an indian doctor at a trauma centre in kazan.
this was in response to an sos tweet to her about the attack which said that yasir was in a state of coma after the attack by local goons and had lost all his money and documents.
jerusalem: national security adviser ajit doval shake hands with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahuat his office in jerusalem.
(source: pti) jerusalem: national security adviser ajit doval shake hands with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahuat his office in jerusalem.
(source: pti)national security adviser ajit doval has held talks with israels top leadership here as part of preparations for prime minister narendra modis likely visit, the first by an indian premier to the jewish country.
modi is expected to visit israel by the middle of this year.
in preparation for modis historical visit to israel, doval was on a two-day visit to the country.
he landed in israel on wednesday and called on israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu at his jerusalem office.
doval also met his counterpart, israels acting national security adviser and head of the national security council, brig.
gen.
(retd) jacob nagel.
the discussions revolved around prime minister modis expected visit this summer, officials here told media.
watch what else is making news:doval left for india this morning.
earlier this week, sources in the ministry of external affairs had indicated that the visit could take place somewhere around june.
netanyahu is also likely to visit india this year.
the two nations are celebrating 25 years of diplomatic ties this year.
new delhi formally recognised israel on september 17, 1950.
embassies were opened in 1992 when full diplomatic relations were established.
modis likely visit to israel comes after a number of high-level bilateral visits in recent years.
president pranab mukherjee visited israel in october, 2015, followed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit to the jewish nation last year.
last november, israeli president reuven rivlin also visited india.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and harsimrat kaur arrive to attend the canonization ceremony of mother teresa in vatican city on sunday.
(pti photo|twitter) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and harsimrat kaur arrive to attend the canonization ceremony of mother teresa in vatican city on sunday.
(pti photo|twitter)missionaries of charity sister mary sally, who was evacuated from conflict-torn yemen earlier this year by the indian government, today met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in vatican city.
a special guest in rome!
sister sally, who was evacuated out of yemen by the govt meets eam @sushmaswaraj, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
union food processing industries minister harsimrat kaur, who is part of the indian delegation, and sister mary prema pierick, superior general of the missionaries of charity, was also present on the occasion.
sister sally, the indian mother superior of an aid home in aden, where four nuns were killed and an indian priest was kidnapped by gunmen, was evacuated from yemen in march.
swaraj represented india at the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa at a mass in st peters square here presided over by pope francis in the presence of over 100,000 pilgrims.
swaraj arrived here earlier along with 12 others that included two state-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee respectively.
b'prime minister narendra modi with french president emmanuel macron in delhi.
prime minister narendra modi with french president emmanuel macron in delhi.
india stepped up efforts at positioning itself as a global climate leader at the first conference of the international solar alliance (isa) sunday, with prime minister narendra modi pledging to generate 175 gigawatts (gw) of electricity from renewable energy sources by 2022, including 100 gw from solar and 60 gw from wind.
india has launched the worlds biggest renewable energy programme with this target in mind, he said.
speaking at the conference, which india co-hosted with france, the prime minister also referred to the vedas.
for millions of years, the sun has been giving light and life to the world.
from japan to peru, france to rome, egypt and the eastern civilization the sun has been given utmost importance, he said.
but in indian viewpoint, for thousands of years, the sun has been the unparalled centre.
in india, the vedas for thousands of years, have considered the sun the soul of the world.
in india, the sun is considered the nourisher.
now that we are looking for a way to deal with the challenge of climate change, we have to look back at ancient view of balance and perspective, he added.
elaborating on indias target, modi said, of the target for solar energy generation, we have already achieved 20 gw installed solar power.
he also announced that 500 training slots will be created for member countries and a solar technology mission launched to lead r&d in the sector.
the isa is the first international treaty-based organisation headquartered in india.
it was established following the paris declaration as an alliance dedicated to the promotion of solar energy among its member countries.
of the 121 countries associated with isa, 61 have joined the alliance and 32 have ratified the framework agreement.
prime minister narendra modi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
(express photo/amit mehra) prime minister narendra modi shakes hands with french president emmanuel macron before their meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
(express photo/amit mehra)in his speech, french president emmanuel macron took a swipe at us president donald trump for backing out of the paris climate agreement without naming him.
turning to modi, macron said, mr. prime minister, you made a dream and we did it.
it was about this international solar alliance.
it was two years ago, it was just an idea at that time and we decided all together to act very concretely and today is a big change.
referring to a group of rural women solar engineers solar mamas who had performed earlier, macron said: our solar mamas, we just listened to, didnt wait for us.
they started to act and deliver concrete results.
they didnt wait, and they didnt stop, because some countries decided to just leave the floor, and leave the paris agreement.
because they (solar mamas) decided it was good for them, for their children, grandchildren, they decided to act and keep acting and that is why we are here in order to act very concretely.
further, she said: a world in which a minority appropriates the vast majority of the worlds resources is not a sustainable paradigm.
a more equitable socio-economic order that respects sustainability is essential if the future is to be defined by peace, prosperity and progress.
it is my fervent hope that the isa will serve as a laudable vehicle towards this goal.
swaraj used five sanskrit names for the sun god while speaking of indias push for solar energy.
i would like to bow before the sun god and address him by five different names in sanskrit, om suriyaya namaha, om adityaya namaha, om dinkaraya namaha, om divakaraya namaha, om bhaskarya namahathis means oh sun god, we bow before you, you illuminate the external and the internal world and you are the best to be adored and worshipped.
may you bless us, she said, with folded hands.
speaking to reporters later, t s tirumurti, secretary (economic relations), ministry of external affairs, said that the solar technology mission announced by modi was a path breaking initiative with an international focus to take the lead internationally in solar energy development.
in his speech, modi called for concessional and less-risky finances for raising the share of solar electricity available for such projects to achieve the isa target of over 1000 gw of solar generation capacity and mobilisation of investment of over $1 trillion by 2030.
we have to increase the share of solar in energy mix, he said.
modi also presented a 10-point action plan that included making affordable solar technology available to all nations, raising the share of electricity generated from photovoltaic cells, framing regulations and standards, providing consultancy support for bankable solar projects and creating a network of centres for excellence.
macron, meanwhile, announced a common risk mitigation mechanism to be put in place before the end of 2018.
the mechanism was developed by a taskforce comprising the council on energy, environment and water, terrawatt initiaitve and the currency exchange fund (tcx).
tirumurti said the isa was attended by 21 heads of states and heads of government, several top ministers and bureaucrats, apart from participants from multilateral banks, and the united nations.
it is evident that there has been a huge surge in interest in joining the isa, and the commitment at the highest level of these founding states, towards clean, affordable, appropriate and sustainable energy, he said.
as many as 62 member-nations committed that they will increase the share of solar power in their energy mix to deal with climate change and provide energy to underprivileged in the society.
the delhi solar agenda was launched at founding summit, which states that countries will pursue an increased share of solar energy in the final energy consumption in their respective national energy mix to tackle global challenges of climate change.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday night took to twitter to provide details on a case in the united states where a youth from telangana was shot at.
i have received the report from our consulate in san francisco, she wrote.
the victim mubeen ahmed works at a gas station.
a gunman demanded money from mubeen and then fired at him.
she added that he is out of danger.
he is admitted in the eden medical centre ca.
fortunately mubeen is now out of danger, she wrote.
we are following up the case with the police, the union minister further added.
ahmed, 26, was shot at a private store in california where he was doing a part-time job by an unknown assailant at around 6 pm on june 4.
he had suffered injuries and was taken to a nearby hospital.
his family was informed about the shooting on june 5.
speaking to times of india, the victims father mujib ahmed said, the hospital authorities have called me and said my son is in icu and in critical condition.
we require a visa to be with him.
he is admitted in the eden medical centre ca.
fortunately mubeen is now out of danger.
we are following up the case with the police.
/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 8, 2017originally from sangareddy district, ahmed had moved to us to pursue his masters degree in 2015.
indian doctor ramana murthy kosanam indian doctor ramana murthy kosanaman indian doctor, ramana murthy kosanam, who was released after 17 months in isis captivity recounted his traumatic experience while he was imprisoned at their camp in libya.
in an interview to new agency ani, he narrated how the isis militants forced the captives, including him, to watch their attacks and atrocities against the people in several countries including, iraq, syria, nigeria, among others.
he said, isis people forced us to watch videos of what they did to iraq, syria, nigeria and other places.
it was bit difficult to watch them.
speaking on isis interest in spreading its tentacles in india, the doctor said the group was well informed and educated, having thorough knowledge of indias development in the field of education and economy.
the doctor further said they were keen on spreading their ideology to other parts of the world, including india.
he said, these isis people are well-educated youngsters and they do know about india and its development and how it has developed in education, economy and everything else.
they are interested in india.
but, i did understand that they wanted to spread the ideology of their nation to other parts of the world, including india.
though he was not physically tortured, dr kosanam was verbally abused.
he was asked to perform surgeries in hospitals inside isis strongholds.
after he refused citing health issues and the lack of medical training to perform surgeries, kosanam was taken out of mahakama jail and put into another jail.
in his statement, he said, in a camp in the city they requested me to come and work in there hospitals.
but since i was 61 then i had back pain and right leg nerve pain.
i told them i am medically trained, not surgically trained.
so they pulled me out of the mahakama jail and put in another.
i saw all kinds of attacks there.
he also shed light on how the isis exploited those as young as ten years to carry out their attacks.
the working members of the organisations are mostly youngsters, i saw suicide bombers as young as 10 year old.
there were members beyond the age of 65 too.
he added that all the members of the outfit were extremely dedicated towards their organisation and were strictly following every diktat of the caliphate.
thanking the team of indian officials for rescuing him from the isis clutches, he said that the official had worked very hard to pull him out of libya and he would never forget that.
he thanked the government of india, especially prime minister narendra modi, the national security advisor, and others part the team.
i am so thankful to our pm and his team and other officials from the indian embassy.
ill never forget this all my life.
they helped me to come to the embassy.
these people worked so hard to pull me out from there.
external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, had tweeted about murthys rescue earlier this week and informed that he had suffered a bullet injury.
after intervention by a team of indian officials in libya, dr kosanam was finally freed on february 14.
he was abducted on september 8, 2015 by suspected islamic state militants.
kosanam who had been working as a physician at a hospital in sirte, went missing while returning to his flat after work.
dr kosanam, who hails from eluru in krishna district of andhra pradesh, had been working in libya for 15 years.
his wife bhavani annapoorna k lives with their two children in dondapadu village on the outskirts of eluru.
in the wake of worsening security situation in libya, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday urged indians living in the capital tripoli to leave the war-ravaged country immediately.
the foreign minister further informed that 500 indian nationals continue to be in the libyan capital despite the travel ban to the north african country.
read | what is happening in libya?
advertisingeven after massive evacuation from libya and the travel ban, there are over 500 indian nationals in tripoli.
the situation in tripoli is deteriorating fast.
presently, flights are operationalpls ask your relatives and friends to leave tripoli immediately.
we will not be able to evacuate them later, tweeted swaraj.
ever since the ouster and assassination of muammar gaddafi, libya has been in a state of civil war for the last eight years with multiple factions led by different warlords raising rebellions and claiming authority in different parts of the country.
khalifa haftar  the leader of the libyan national army  is the most prominent warlord who launched an advance towards the libyan capital on april 4 in order to capture power from the government of national accord (gna) which is recognised by the united nations.
advertisingas haftars forces continue their advance towards tripoli and fighting continues for the control of the libyan capital, gna has stated that it would seek the prosecution of renegade military leader khalifa haftar in the international criminal court.
at least 205 people have been killed in the battle for the control of tripoli, the world health organization (who) stated on thursday.
the budget session of jammu and kashmir assembly begins on monday with the opposition parties prepared to grill omar abdullah government on issues of governance and security including alleged human rights violations and discrimination with jammu region.
while opposition parties like pdp,bjp and panthers party have formulated their strategy to corner omar government,the ruling national conference has held a meeting of its mlas under the chairmanship of party chief farooq abdullah to decide a line of action to defend the government on the floor of the house.
leader of bjp legislature party chaman lal gupta said the party will raise the issue of treatment meted out to its national leaders- sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley as well as bjp mlas- by the state government during the ekta yatra.
president pranab mukherjee and pm narendra modi with cyprus president nicos anastasiades, in new delhi.
prem nath pandey president pranab mukherjee and pm narendra modi with cyprus president nicos anastasiades, in new delhi.
prem nath pandeyprime minister narendra modi and cyprus president nicos anastasiades on friday strongly pitched for decisive action against states supporting, sheltering and sustaining violence factories in their regions.
the two leaders held detailed discussions on bilateral as well as regional and international issues of mutual concern.
these included ways to boost trade ties and un security council reforms.
the two sides signed four pacts, including one for air services and another on cooperation in merchant shipping.
at a joint media event with the cypriot leader, modi said india has always stood with cyprus on crucial issues and firmly supports its sovereignty, unity and territorial integrity.
anastasiades said he is sincerely appreciative of his dearest friend modi and the indian government for indias equivocal support on the cyprus issue.
modi said that while india has been battling cross-border terrorism for decades, cyprus, due to its geographical location, understood the threat posed by terrorism.
we agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to decisively act against those states which generate, support, shelter and sustain these factories of violence in our regions, the prime minister said, in a veiled reference to pakistan.
emphasising the need for creating a comprehensive legal framework to fight terror, modi advocated early conclusion of the comprehensive convention on international terrorism, proposed by india at the un.
the two sides also agreed on the need for early reforms in the un security council as modi appreciated cyprus support to indias bid for inclusion in the world body as a permanent member.
the cypriot leader said his country wanted india to become a member of the nuclear suppliers group.
describing the cypriot president as great friend and strong supporter of india, modi said he also discussed with him ways to strengthen the partnership in other inter-governmental organisations and regimes.
issues like growing economic relations between india and cyprus figured during the talks.
the mediterranean country is the eighth largest investor in india.
last year, the two countries had revised the double taxation avoidance agreement.
the cypriot president said his country is supportive of the enhancement of the eu-india strategic partnership and backs an eu-india free trade agreement.
anastasiades invited indian companies to invest in cyprus, saying that this can help them gain an easy access to europe, the gulf region and north africa.
earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the cypriot president, and discussed areas of bilateral cooperation.
anastasiades, who is currently on a five-day visit to india, was given a ceremonial welcome at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhavan.
he also paid homage to mahatma gandhi whom he described as an inspiration for cypruss freedom struggle.
gujarat chief minister vijay rupani.
(file photo) gujarat chief minister vijay rupani.
(file photo)life term for killing cows, cm vijay rupani says want vegetarian gujaratgujarats animal preservation bill was amended friday to make the maximum punishment for cow slaughter life imprisonment.
the amendment was passed in the assembly whilst congress, which is in the opposition, was not present in the house.
the visitors gallery, on the other hand, was packed with saffron-class hindu priests.
even though chief minister vijay rupani said that he was not against any food, he emphasised that wanted to make gujarat shakahari (vegetarian).
read more heresupreme court confirms: alcohol ban on highways will include bars and restaurantsthe supreme court on friday confirmed that ban on liquor vends within 500 m of state and national highways will include pubs, bars, hotels, and restaurants that serve alcohol.
the supreme court also relaxed the ban in cities, towns and municipal areas with a population of 20,000 or less and said they could have alcohol vends beyond a range of 220 m and not 500 m.
the bench deciding on this said if bars and restaurants were allowed to serve alcohol, it would defeat the purpose of drunken driving that the ban has to serve.
read more hereindian national beaten in poland survives attack: sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday confirmed the indian student who was believed to have died after the brutal assault in poland, has survived the attack.
news agency pti reported that swaraj spoke to the indian ambassador to poland ajay bisaria about the assault in the poznan city after which she gave the confirmation that the student is alive.
the name of the city is being withheld by the government.
read more heremuzaffarnagar: principal asks 70 girls to strip to check menstruation, dismissedprincipal of a muzaffarnagars government girls school was dismissed on friday after she was alleged to have stripped 70 students aged between 11 and 14 years to check for signs of menstruation, after she found bloodstains in the school toilet, five days ago.
the principal was also the warden of the residential facility, officials said.
read more heresupreme court to subramanian swamy on ayodhya: will hear it later, we thought you were party to itthe supreme court friday said it would not expedite the hearing of ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid title suits, as it did not have the time to hear it right now.
chief justic of india js khehar said he was under the wrong impression that bjp mp subramanian swamy was a party to the petitions.
swamy had mentioned the case 10 days ago.
earlier on march 21, justice khehar had said he was willing to moderate the settlement between the two parties.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)reiterating the governments stand of proactively pursuing nsg membership, minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday that india is engaged with nsg and individual members thereof at appropriate levels to seek membership of group.
india received support from a diverse and large number of members.
in the past, beijing and new delhi have been engaged in numerous discussions but failed to break the deadlock over two key issues: indias nsg membership and listing of jaish-e-muhammads chief masood azhar as a global terrorist.
while china has previously said it was open to indias application for nsg membership, it has cited procedures and processes as the reason for its opposition to indias nsg bid.
uri attack: soldiers guard outside the army base which was attacked suspected militants in uri, jammu and kashmir on monday.
(pti photo) uri attack: soldiers guard outside the army base which was attacked suspected militants in uri, jammu and kashmir on monday.
(pti photo)us national security advisor susan rice called nsa ajit doval on thursday and condemned the uri terror attack in jammu and kashmir, in which 18 soldiers died.
she offered condolences to the victims and their families.
ambassador rice reiterated our expectation that pakistan take effective action to combat un-designated terrorist entities, including let, jem, and affiliates, said ned price, spokesperson of national security council.
watch video: india carries out surgical strikes on terror launch pads across loc, says dgmohighlighting the danger that cross-border terrorism poses to the region, she also affirmed president barack obamas commitment to redouble efforts to bring to justice the perpetrators of terrorism throughout the world, price added.
in the meantime, us has advised india to not escalate the situation with pakistan even as india explores a whole host of diplomatic options to isolate islamabad.
the indian express had reported earlier that us secretary of state john kerry has had two conversations with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the last two days on the issue.
according to sources, this was reportedly the first time that us has spoken to the indian leadership on the issue at a political level.
watch video: uri attack: john kerry spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj twice over 2 daysus condemnation of pakistans terror groups comes in the wake of the recent september 8 terrorist attack in uri, jammu and kashmir, where 18 indian soldiers were killed by jaish-e-mohammed terrorists.
also read: john kerry spoke to sushmaswaraj twice over two days: do not escalate situation with pakistanthe uri attack came amid a long drawn phase of violence in kashmir valley after the killing of hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani by security forces on july 8 that resulted in the deaths of around 90 people.
senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj,who visited the five-year-old child in aiims on saturday,tweeted that she met another five-year-old rape survivor at the hospital.
i saw another five-year-old child in the next room.
she is also a rape victim.
she was abandoned on the aiims campus.
she says her father is a rickshaw puller.
police,however,denied that the abandoned child was a rape victim.
about a week ago,the child was found by one of the security guards in aiims.
we registered a case of kidnapping.
doctors said her case was one of rectal prolapse,indicating malnutrition, a police officer said.
police said doctors did not find any signs of injuries on her body to confirm rape.
while there were no identification details with the child,a bag containing a water bottle was found in her hand.
last week,police uploaded the details of the girl on their website in a bid to trace her parents.
medical superintendent of aiims dr d k sharma said,we get a number of cases of child assault and rape.
i cannot confirm if another such child is currently admitted at the institute.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made the announcement in rajya sabha today.
express photo by anil sharma external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made the announcement in rajya sabha today.
express photo by anil sharmaexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today said that the 39 missing indians in iraq have been killed.
she was speaking in rajya sabha.
forty indians were originally abducted by terrorist organisation islamic state from mosul, iraq.
the remaining 39 indians were taken to badoosh and killed.
deep penetration radars were used to establish that the mound indeed was a mass grave, she said, adding the indian authorities requested their iraqi counterpart to exhume the bodies.
the external affairs minister added that the mass grave had exactly 39 bodies, with distinctive features like long hair, non-iraqi shoes and ids.
the bodies were then sent to baghdad for dna testing.
dna testing by martyrs foundation has established identity of 38 indians while there has been 70 per cent matching of the dna for the 39th person, she said.
minister of state for external affairs v k singh will be flying to iraq to bring back the bodies on a special flight.
the indian express had in june 2016 reported, quoting kurdish officials, that there was no sign of 39 indian workers in iraq.
what ulterior motive do i have?
it is easy for me to declare them dead.
unless i get concrete evidence of their being killed, i will continue to search for them.
in july 2017, iraqi foreign minister ibrahim al-jaafari had said that there was no substantial evidence on whether the indians were alive or dead and confirmed that their last known location, the prison at badush, has been destroyed by the islamic state.
b'asserting that there was no politics involved in denial of diplomatic passport to a kerala minister to visit saudi arabia, bjp state unit on saturday said it was a matter of diplomacy and two union ministers were addressing problems of keralites left jobless in the kingdom.
there is no politics, it is a matter of diplomacy.
two union ministers  v k singh and m j akbar  are doing excellent job in resolving crisis related to labourers in saudiin the present circumstances, there is no need for a state minister to go there, bjp state president kummanom rajasekaran told reporters.
his comments come a day after chief minister pinarayi vijayan termed as unfortunate the denial of diplomatic passport to local self-government minister k t jaleel, deputed by his government to visit saudi arabia to assess the condition of expatriates from the state living in labour camps after they lost jobs.
read | passport row: mea cites timing of visit, kerala cm pinarayi vijayan calls decision mysteriousrajasekaran also said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would make a statement on the steps taken on the issue in parliament on sunday.
members of both the houses of parliament, cutting across party affiliations, have expressed full satisfaction on thesteps taken so far, he said, adding the state government should have faith in the central government.
read | shashi tharoor says mea move to deny passport to kerala minister deplorablethe centre had taken up the matter with the saudi king itself and talks were progressing with saudi authorities toend the crisis, he said.
denial of diplomatic passport to jaleel has triggered a row in the state.
opppsition congress leader ramesh chennithala has said it was a serious lapse on the part of the centre.
jaleel has put off his visit following denial of diplomatic passport.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday invited the indian diaspora to donate money towards the implementation of various development projects, including clean india and ganga rejuvenation, and get connected with their roots.
swaraj called upon overseas indians to send funds under the india development foundation (idf) for projects of their choice.
the government is giving a fresh push to the idf  launched by the upa government to provide a platform for overseas indians to carry out development efforts in india.
b'punjab deputy chief minister and sad leader sukhbir singh badal punjab deputy chief minister and sad leader sukhbir singh badalshiromani akali dal (sad) on saturday said it will not welcome leaders like sucha singh chhotepur, who has been removed as aaps punjab convener, into party fold.
the shiromani akali dal (sad) has lots of committed workers and a dedicated cadre so there is no need for people like sucha singh chhotepur to be brought into the sad fold, sad president and punjab deputy chief minister sukhbir singh badal said while interacting with the media.
attacking aap, he said that this party is on the verge of getting finished and only the last rites needed to be performed, looking at its present state of affairs.
describing aap as a bunch of no do-gooders who are only interested in money minting, he said that its hastily assembled conglomerate of so-called leaders managed to lure people of punjab with their guiles during the lok sabha polls in 2014 but now the people have seen their real faces and wont fall into their trap anymore.
taking a jibe at punjab congress president capt amarinder singh, sukhbir said he didnt care to show his face to the people of amritsar, despite being the elected representative.
he alleged that both aap and congress did not care either for the interests of punjab or the rich cultural and religious traditions of the state.
coming to the development of amritsar, he said the city underwent a transition for the better during the previous nine years era of sad-bjp government with rs 3,000 crore being spent on various progress oriented infrastructural projects.
elaborating his plans to turn amritsar into a hub of tourism, sulhbir said that the beautification of area around golden temple, besides the current beautification of shri durgiana mandir and the focus on rs 250 crore project of giving facelift to the gobindgarh fort, would further strengthen amritsars status amongst the tourist destinations.
he said that the state government would hold talks with the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to hold a summit in amritsar for hosting more than 30 ministers of various countries in december.
the deputy chief minister also met officials of various departments and took stock of the various development centric projects concerning the city.
b'yoga guru baba ramdev has said it was about time that india took concrete steps to take back the captured and disputed land.
(express photo by jaipal singh) yoga guru baba ramdev has said it was about time that india took concrete steps to take back the captured and disputed land.
(express photo by jaipal singh)calling on prime minister narendra modi to launch a campaign to free pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok), yoga guru baba ramdev has said it was about time that india took concrete steps to take back the captured and disputed land.
prime minister modi should begin a campaign to free pok.
nawaz sharif has the nerve to say that pakistan will take kashmir at any cost.
our children look at kashmir only on the maps but pakistan has captured it.
when a cowardly nation captures a part of a great nation, we cant just sit silently, ramdev told the media.
he further said that the prime minister should take concrete steps to destroy active terrorist organisations targeting india from the pakistani soil.
earlier, describing kashmir as unfinished agenda of the united nations, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif vowed to raise the issue at every international platform and provide all sort of support to kashmiris.
sharif had also praised slain hizbul mujahideen militant burhan wani and called him a martyr, accusing india of human rights violations in the valley.
in response, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave a fitting reply to sharif for interfering in indias internal matters and trying to destabilise the situation in the kashmir valley, saying that the continuous remarks by pakistan are somewhere leading to a malicious propaganda against india.
meanwhile, people in neelum valley in pok on friday took to the streets to protest against rigged july 21 elections, which was won by nawaz sharifs pakistan muslim league-nawaz (pml-n) party.
the protesters had to face the polices wrath as they burnt pakistani flag and raised slogans against the government.
besides blackening election posters, the protesters also burnt tyres, blocked traffic and clashed with the police personnel deployed on duty.
widespread protests have been witnessed in the major pok towns, including muzaffarabad, kotli, chinari and mirpur, after members of the pml (n) killed a supporter of the muslim conference (mc) in muzaffarabad.
locals allege that the elections in pok are always fixed in favour of the ruling party in pakistan, in current instance, for the pml-n.
b'senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday declined to comment on union home minister p chidambarams charge that she was making thoughtless allegations on the issue of p j thomas appointment as the central vigilance commissioner.
the matter is pending in the supreme court.
it is not proper for me to comment on the matter, she told reporters here.
chidambaram had accused swaraj of making thoughtless allegations and tying herself in knots by levelling the charge that he had misled the panel,which selected thomas as the cvc.
i take exception to the statement by sushmaswaraj swaraj that i had misled the selection committee and told the committee that thomas had been acquitted, chidambaram hadsaid in a statement on wednesday.
swaraj had accused chidambaram of informing the committee that thomas had been acquitted in the palmolein case.
following this,she had asked whether thomas was eligible even if he was acquitted in the case on the ground that the cvc must be an outstanding officer with impeccable integrity.
we will continue to raise the need for a jpc and insist on that, she said.
the bjp leader was here to console the family members of a fisherman who was killed allegedly by the sri lankan navy while fishing off the kodaikarai coast on january 22.
we are continuing our efforts.
if someone doesnt agree once, doesnt mean theyll never agree.
we are engaging with china, she said.
watch video: whats making newsthe major roadblock for indias membership of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) comes from china, which maintains that being a nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt) signatory is a must for joining the nsg.
the minister also assured that india would never sign on the npt.
china has maintained that more talks were needed to build a consensus on countries joining the 48-nation nsg following the united states push to include india in the elite group.
the countries, who oppose indias membership, argue that its inclusion in the group would further undermine efforts to prevent proliferation and also infuriate new delhis rival pakistan.
b'the tanzanian student alleged that she was stripped and forced to walk naked in public by a mob that went on a rampage and set fire to her car after a road accident.
the tanzanian student alleged that she was stripped and forced to walk naked in public by a mob that went on a rampage and set fire to her car after a road accident.
a 21-year-old tanzanian student has lodged a police complaint accusing a mob of stripping her and forcing her to walk without her top on the street in bengaluru on the night of january 31.
the alleged incident took place following a road accident earlier in the day, when a car driven by a sudanese medical student hit a local resident, 35-year-old sabeen taj, who died in the accident, while her husband sanuallah sustained injuries.
according to the womans complaint, a mob gathered that night and set on fire the sudanese students car, as well as a car in which the tanzanian student was travelling.
while the tanzanian student had not made allegations of being stripped by the mob in the complaint filed on sunday, she did so on wednesday, when police summoned her following media reports of the alleged incident.
she alleged in her statement that her top was removed by the mob, police said.
we are deeply pained over the shameful incident with a tanzanian girl in bengaluru.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 3, 2016i spoke to the chief minister karnataka.
he informed me that a criminal case has been registered and four accused have been arrested.
local police said they had arrested the sudanese student, 20-year-old mohammed ahad, in connection with the accident and six others for torching the two cars of the african students.
share this article related article law minister gowda meets bengaluru accident victims familylaw minister gowda meets bengaluru accident victims family tanzanian student attacked: it is time for india to confront an embedded racismtanzanian student attacked: it is time for india to confront an embedded racism tanzanian student targeted because she was black: high commissioner kijazitanzanian student targeted because she was black: high commissioner kijazi tanzanian student targeted: womans clothes were torn in scuffletanzanian student targeted: womans clothes were torn in scuffle tanzanian woman was not stripped, paraded naked: karnataka home ministertanzanian woman was not stripped, paraded naked: karnataka home minister tanzanian student attack: bengaluru police arrest five people, siddaramaiah assures justiceit is learnt that the high commission of tanzania has sent a note verbale to the ministry of external affairs about the reported attack, requesting it to take necessary legal action against the guilty.
sources said the joint secretary in meas east and southern africa division, tanmaya lal, spoke to the high commissioner of tanzania, john tigazi, and expressed regret over the unfortunate incident.
later, swaraj tweeted, we are deeply pained over the shameful incident with a tanzanian girl in bengalurui have asked the chief minister to ensure safety and security of all foreign students and stringent punishment for the guilty.
when contacted, bengalurus deputy commissioner of police (north division) t r suresh said, we were shocked by media reports on wednesday and we summoned the woman to know what exactly happened.
she appeared before the soladevanahalli police and gave a new statement, saying she was stripped by a mob.
we have added suitable sections of the ipc to the fir that was registered earlier based on the complaint that her car was set on fire.
we need to investigate further.
the incident took place at ganapathinagar in north bengaluru, where a number of african students live and study at local colleges.
following the incident, the tanzanian woman, a student of acharya college in soladevanahalli, informed an association of african students that she was stripped and forced to walk half-naked in public by the mob.
she also alleged that a police constable present at the scene remained a mute spectator.
bosco kaweesi, a legal adviser to the all african students union (aasu), said the tanzanian woman was not linked in any way to the road accident involving the sudanese student.
the victim and her friends were travelling in their car 30 minutes after the accident and the mob targeted them randomly.
she was stripped and made to run to hide.
she attempted to board a bus, but passengers pushed her away.
later, she tried to hire an autorickshaw but the driver refused, he said.
kaweesi said he called and informed the police inspector at soladevanahalli police station about the incident on sunday night, but was asked to contact the control room instead.
a group of students who went to complain at the police station about the alleged stripping was asked by officers to produce the student involved in the fatal accident, even though the sudanese national was already in their custody, kaweesi alleged.
a few months ago, in kothanur region of north bengaluru, locals ganged up to beat four students from the ivory coast following complaints about frequent late night parties.
the police had arrested nine people in the case.
(file photo)under fire from african envoys over the recent spate of violence involving africans in the country, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday said that she, as a mother, understands the pain of a mother who loses a son on foreign soil.
but she refused to characterise the death of congolese national masonda kitanda olivier as a racist attack, and invoked buddha and mahatma gandhi to convey that india can never have a racist mindset.
her remarks came after she, along with minister of state v k singh, foreign secretary s jaishankar and other senior officials, met a group of african envoys and students at her office.
this was her first engagement after being discharged from aiims.
describing the recent incidents of violence against members of the african community as not only very unfortunate, but also very painful, she said, as a mother, i can understand the pain of a mother who loses a son on foreign soil.
it would be a traumatic experience.
share this article related article not right to connect attack on african students with racism: sushmaswaraj swaraj in lsnot right to connect attack on african students with racism: sushmaswaraj swaraj in ls attack on africans in greater noida: african envoys hit out, govt says aberrationattack on africans in greater noida: african envoys hit out, govt says aberration attacks on africans continue despite attempts to build harmonyattacks on africans continue despite attempts to build harmony african students attacked in greater noida: sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks to up cm yogi adityanathafrican students attacked in greater noida: sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks to up cm yogi adityanath sushmaswaraj swaraj tweets: shake hands with africans, tell them india loves themsushma swaraj tweets: shake hands with africans, tell them india loves them murder of congolese national: african countries want 'africa day' put offmaking her point that this was not a racist attack, she said, all criminal acts should not be construed as racial attacks.
as the cctv footage of the incident in question showed, this was an act committed by goons who also thrashed the indian bystanders who had attempted to intervene to save mr olivier.
delhi police immediately swung into action after the unfortunate incident.
two of the perpetrators of the crime have already been apprehended, while a search is on for the third person.
oliviers uncle leaves the congo embassy tuesday.
his family members are in india to take his body back home.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal) oliviers uncle leaves the congo embassy tuesday.
his family members are in india to take his body back home.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal)she added, india is the land of gandhi and buddha.
we have fought consistently against racial discrimination.
gandhi himself championed the cause of fighting against this evil.
we can never have a racist mindset it is incumbent upon us to prevent such attacks and we are determined to do so.
she also announced a series of measures, including a sensitisation campaign.
the african delegation  comprising the ambassador of eritrea, who is also the dean of the african diplomatic corps, the acting high commissioner of nigeria, who is the chair of the african unions student committee, and the head of the association of african students in india among others  raised concerns over the safety of the community.
on her part, swaraj assured the team that the government was working on a major strategy under which an institutional mechanism will be put in place to address their concerns and that singh and other mea officials will hold meetings with the african community in all major metros where they reside.
she added that the government was committed to a fast-track trial and the harshest possible punishment for those responsible for oliviers murder.
swaraj emphasised that the attacks were not premeditated acts against a particular community and were spontaneous attacks perpetrated by anti-social and criminal elements.
indias historical relations with africa rest on the foundation of brotherhood and solidarity and we should not allow such incidents to deflect from our historical friendship , she said.
congress: pms silence unacceptablein the wake of a spate of assaults against members of the african community, the congress tuesday questioned prime minister narendra modis silence over the attacks.
it is unacceptable, it is shameful.
the government ought to have intervened when the first attack took place, but the situation has been allowed to deteriorate to an extent where mob lynching is taking place, said congress leader anand sharma.
b'tdp members demand special status for andhra pradesh outside parliament on monday.
congresss renuka chaudhary also seen supporting their demands.
(express photo) tdp members demand special status for andhra pradesh outside parliament on monday.
congresss renuka chaudhary also seen supporting their demands.
the men, mostly from punjab, were abducted and held hostage by islamic state militants in 2014.
she said 39 bodies were exhumed in mosul, which matched the dna of the missing men.
the mortal remains have been sent to baghdad.
the house was later adjourned for the day.
the lok sabha, meanwhile, witnessed disruptions by members and was adjourned for the day without transacting any business.
the three no-confidence motions against the bjp-led government were not moved in the house today.
tdp and ysr congress, which have moved the motions, have been at loggerheads with the centre over granting special status for the state.
in mumbai, at least 500 students stalled railways services in mumbai this morning, demanding permanent jobs in the railways.
their rail roko, which began at 7 am, was staged between matunga and dadar stations on the central railway (cr) line.
according to officials, trains between kurla and dadar stations have been suspended.
a few protesters have been reportedly injured after police resorted to lathicharge.
(source: @sushmaswaraj/twitter) (source: @sushmaswaraj/twitter)two indian nationals who had been abducted earlier in march by south sudan rebels were released after the indian government intervened in the matter.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday tweeted a photograph of the two indians who hail from tamil nadu.
i am happy to inform about the release of two indian nationals midhun and edward who were abducted in south sudan, tweeted swaraj.
the news came to light after production operator at south sudans dar petroleum operating company, ajay raja, tweeted thursday night thanking swaraj for her timely intervention in the matter.
thank you @sushmaswaraj mam for your efforts to release the two indians midhun and edward in south sudan.
my friends are back.
thank you, he wrote in his tweet.
the two had been working in the operations and maintenance department of the company.
the indian engineers, midhun ganesh (25) and a. edward (40), were abducted on march 8 this year while working on the field.
reports suggest that the abduction was carried out by sudan peoples liberation army-in opposition (spla-io).
meanwhile, news agency ians reported that a pakistani engineer employed with dar petroleum was also released thursday.
the pakistani national, ayaz jamali, had also been abducted by a south sudan rebel group.
we are grateful to the governments of south sudan, china and sudan for their cooperation and support in the successful release of ayaz jamali.
pakistani foreign office spokesperson nafees zakariya posted thursday.
the northeast african country has been in the midst of a bloody civil war prompted by the power struggle between president kiir and his former deputy riek machar.
close to 3 lakh people are believed to have been killed in the war with millions displaced.
monika khangembam with anti-afspa activist irom sharmila.
(facebook photo) monika khangembam with anti-afspa activist irom sharmila.
(facebook photo)a recent case of racism against a north-eastern woman in new delhi has surfaced after a july 9 facebook post by monika khangembam.
in her post, monika alleged that the immigration officer at delhi officer humiliated her by repeatedly asking questions about her nationality.
the officer looked at my passport and said you dont look like an indian, wrote monika on facebook.
the officer also asked her other inappropriate questions like number of states in the country and the number of states bordering manipur.
watch: excessive force cant be used by army or police even in afspa areas: sca day later, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj apologised saying she would soon ask home minister rajnath singh to ensure immigration officials undergo a sensitisation programme.
monika khangembam  i am sorry to know this.
immigration is not with me.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 10, 2016i will speak to my senior colleague shri @rajnathsingh ji to sensitise immigration officials at the airport.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 10, 2016here is her original facebook post:monika, a resident of imphal in manipur, took to facebook again on july 10 and informed that she is currently in seoul for some work and would take the issue forward by filing a complaint after she is back in 15 days.
several commented on her post and shared that they too had faced similar situations in the past.
monikas post has already been shared more than 600 times at the time of writing this piece.
this incident again puts light on the difficulties and humiliation faced by people from the north-east who live in different parts of the country.
according to an estimate, more than 11 lakh north-east people live in delhi for work or studies purpose.
around 36 delhi hospitals had recently agreed upon providing a subsidised treatment to them as part of a reach-out program.
the delhi police, too, has a special cell and a helpline number  1093  that looks at complaints of racism and attacks.
of the 46 nurses, 31 are returning even without getting a single month salary, while others had salary arrears of two months.
(source: ap)the special air india flight carrying 46 nurses and 70 others rescued from strife-torn iraq will reach kochi airport at 11.
45 am on saturday.
the flight had left erbil at 4.
30 am and reached mumbai at 8.
43 am.
the airport authorities in kochi have made special immigration counters for the nurses, who were rescued from the custody of isis.
of the 46 nurses, 45 hail from various parts of kerala, particularly kottayam and idukki districts.
the other one nurse is a native of tamil nadu.
after offloading the nurses in kochi, the special flight would leave for hyderabad before moving towards delhi.
the nurses, who return after weeks of ordeal at tikrit teaching hospital since the city has been under the control of isis, would be received by kerala chief minister oommen chandy, opposition leader v s achuthanandan, apart from their family members.
although the state government has made arrangements for taking the nurses back to their homes, family members of the nurses have reached the airport to receive their women, who had gone to the crisis-ridden country to earn for the family and repay educational loans.
of the 46 nurses, 31 are returning even without getting a single month salary, while others had salary arrears of two months.
some of them wanted to stay elsewhere in iraq to earn something before returning home.
chief minister oommen chandy thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for ensuring safe return of the nurses.
opposition leader v s achuthanandan demanded that the state government should earnestly look into rehabilitating the nurses.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets nepal prime minister k p oli in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets nepal prime minister k p oli in new delhi on friday.
(source: pti)when prime minister narendra modi meets his counterpart from nepal k p oli here on saturday, india will look for reassurance to complete the unfinished task of constitutional amendments so that stability returns to nepal.
according to sources, new delhi will make it clear  in multiple meetings  that indias interest is best served in a stable, peaceful and prosperous nepal.
the narrative in kathmandu has been that since nepal is india-locked, india is able to arm-twist nepal.
but we want to convey that nepal is india-open, a top official told the indian express.
although the task is easier said than done after five months of hostility and acrimony over the blockade due to the madhesi agitation in the himalayan nation, india is expected to announce a set of measures to assuage the supply concerns.
a set of agreements from health to education to infrastructure are expected to be signed.
oli arrived in india on friday evening, accompanied by a 70-member delegation.
he is accompanied by wife radhika shakya, deputy prime minister and foreign minister kamal thapa, finance minister bishnu poudyal, energy minister top bahadur rayamaji and home minister shakti basnet, among others.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will be among those who will call on the nepal pm.
oli will also call on president pranab mukherjee and vice-president hamid ansari.
he will visit dehradun on sunday to inspect the tehri hydel power project and will return to delhi in the evening.
on monday, he will address the indian council for world affairs and attend a business meeting.
he will leave for bhuj, gujarat, on tuesday to see earthquake reconstruction work there.
nepal was struck by a devastating quake in april last year and is in the process of carrying out reconstruction work.
he is scheduled to leave for mumbai the same day to meet maharashtra governor.
he will leave for kathmandu from mumbai on february 24.
specifically, choosing bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj for the eloquent praise, shinde said aap ki baat mein mithaas hai.
(photo: pti)on the last day of the 15th lok sabha, home minister and leader of the house sushilkumar shinde on friday played a statesman as he showered praise on the opposition and particularly chose bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj to hail her partys support to get the crucial telangana bill passed.
highlighting the beauty of indian democracy, he said members from the ruling and the opposition sides might vociferously air their differences over various issues in parliament but they do not carry those sentiments outside the house.
he said the outgoing lok sabha had enacted a number of landmark laws like lokpal act, food security act and land acquisition act.
we took decisions together on a number of subjects that have been pending for long, shinde said, recalling the achievements of the lok sabha.
referring to the telangana bill, which was passed by the house earlier this week, he said he was obliged to the bjp for its support.
he said he was not sure whether bjp would support the bill but you did not sit on the prestige that the announcement for creation of the new state had been made by sonia gandhi 10 years back and you had also promised it.
specifically, choosing swaraj for the eloquent praise, shinde said aap ki baat mein mithaas hai, mithai khane se bhi woh mithaas nahi hoti (your tone is very sweet, it is sweeter than the sweets).
b'union minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
union minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday night tweeted in support of a british couple who has had a baby through surrogacy in india but is facing issues while getting a british passport for their daughter, lily and might be forced to leave for uk without her.
should orphanage be the destiny of a surrogate baby?
swaraj tweeted.
the british couple, chris and michele newman are in mumbai with a medical visa that expires on october 7.
lilys travel documents might not be ready by that time according to the british consulate.
swaraj in her tweets has questioned the british authorities and also asked the advocates of commercial surrogacy to come up with a solution, taking a jibe at the critiques of the governments new surrogacy bill.
the newmans are among the last ones to have a surrogate child in india after the government banned commercial surrogacy and passed the surrogacy (regulation) bill.
we are proud new parents to our amazing daughter lily, who was born in mumbai through surrogacy in may 2016.
we travelled to mumbai for lilys birth and to bring her home to epsom in surrey.
however, we have been left stranded because of delays due to uk passport office (hmpo) checks and may have to leave our 3 and half month old daughter with a complete stranger, as we are forced to leave by the indian government.
said the couple in a petition, get lily louise newman home, posted on change.org.
should orphanage be the destiny of a surrogate baby ?
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) september 13, 2016will the advocates of commercial surrogacy suggest a solution and help this baby ?
pl rthttp://t.
co/ocvynsss4y  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) september 13, 2016according to their petition, lilys application for her uk passport has been with the passport office since 3rd june, but processing delays with the international checks at the uk passport office have left the couple stranded.
we cant believe that we could be forced to do the unthinkable and leave our baby in india!
the couple said.
the uk home office has said reportedly that the lilys passport will be issued only after necessary checks to safeguard her interests.
chris newman said in an interview with bbc radio,i did have to do something no father had to  i was pacing around at 3 am, looking at orphanages in the middle of mumbai.
we have already been told twice now by the foreign and commonwealth office that we should be prepared to leave lily.
it is madness that uk government and hmpo is so willing to safeguard the well-being of a baby applicant to ensure that it hasnt been trafficked, that it is happy for that child to be left without its parents in a foreign country with a complete stranger.
whilst i understand that checks have to done, i would also hope that common sense would prevail, after all a simple dna test would prove that chris is the biological father, says the petition.
former finance minister and bjp veteran arun jaitley was on sunday cremated at nigambodh ghat in delhi with full state honours.
advertisingunion home minister amit shah, defence minister rajnath singh, finance minister nirmala sitharaman, women and child development minister smriti irani and bjp stalwart l k advani were present at the funeral.
explained | arun jaitley: bjp govts go-to man who built political consensus for gstseveral chief ministers from both bjp and opposition-ruled states, including maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, gujarat chief minister vijay rupani, uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat, karnataka chief minister b s yediyurappa, bihar chief minister nitish kumar and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal were also present.
senior congress leaders kabil sibal and jyotiraditya scindia, too, attended the funeral.
see rare photos of arun jaitley from express archivesadvertisingsurrounded by bjp workers, members of the legal fraternity and well-wishers, jaitleys son rohan lit the funeral pyre.
among those present was 72-year-old vijender gaur, who said he had campaigned for jaitley during the delhi university student elections in the early 1970s.
around ten of us were part of his core campaign team.
i was in-charge of yamuna-paar.
we would sit outside shyam lal college everyday to speak to students and convince them to vote for jaitley, he said.
he recalled jaitleys days of student politics as the golden days of the abvp.
it was no mean feat to become the students union president from the abvp at a time of congress rule.
his speciality was that he never did any negative work.
according to kamal sharma, mayur vihar district president of the bjp yuva morcha, youth leaders have a special attachment to jaitley.
his own political journey started with student politics.
so he knew the importance of grooming the youth in our sanskriti, sanskaar and ideology.
i considered him to be an idol and a mentor, he said.
ashok kashyap, an advocate at the delhi high court, met jaitley early in his legal career.
we started practising law the same year  1977.
over time, at the delhi high court, a lunch table group was formed.
there was a particular table where we would sit to have lunch at 1 pm everyday.
jaitley was a part of it, as well as other advocates such as sanjay jain, k k sood and p r bahl.
that tradition still continues.
in the 2-3 years, he would come to the high court because of his defamation suit against arvind kejriwal.
whenever he visited, he would stop by and say hello, he said.
read | sonia gandhi condoles jaitleys death, says his contributions to public life will be remembered foreverearlier, jaitleys mortal remains were brought to the bjp headquarters from his kailash colony residence around 10.
50 am.
this was the second time in three weeks when the bjp headquarters mourned the death of a senior leader after former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj passed away on august 6.
a group of children from two orphanages where jaitley used to spend his birthdays were among those present at the bjp headquarters.
he also invited us over a few times at his residence.
there used to be no political discussions.
he used to treat us with so much dignity, said tushar, who recently cleared high school.
archbishop of delhi anil couto, too, paid homage to jaitley.
soon after the 2014 polls, we had a meeting at his house.
he tried to allay our concerns on religious intolerance.
he was a very dignified person.
i had seen his spiritual side during an event at vigyan bhavan.
he spoke so eloquently, couto said.
b'bsf jawan searchs searchs the forest area near indo-pak border at makaura pattan.
bsf jawan searchs searchs the forest area near indo-pak border at makaura pattan.
in a fresh development in the pathankot terror attack case, the national investigative agency (nia) is trying to secure interpols black corner notice to seek information about unidentified bodies of terrorist who were killed during the attack at the airbase.
the nia has also recovered another mobile phone, binaculour, a magazine of ak-47 rifle from encounter site in pathankot.
meanwhile, pakistan arrested some suspects in the case on the basis of the leads provided by indian authorities.
read also: pathankot attack: pakistan arrests some suspectsthe arrests led prime minister nawaz sharif to order a joint investigation team of ib, inter-services intelligence, military intelligence, federal investigation agency and police to thoroughly probe the pathankot attack links to pakistan.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met home minister rajnath singh, amid the uncertainty over the indo-pak foreign secretary-level talks scheduled in islamabad on january 15 after the pathankot terror attack.
according to official sources, the 20-minute one-on-one meeting was held on a request of swaraj.
however, offices of both singh and swaraj did not comment on the issues discussed between the two.
sources indicated that the recent terrorist attack in pathankot, where seven security personnel were killed, might have figured in the meeting.
puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy (file photo) puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy (file photo)chief minister v narayanasamy on friday, said that the centre had approved the governments request for a rs 200 crore loan to implement various schemes in the union territory.
talking to reporters in puducherry, he said he had met union finance minister arun jaitley during his recent visit to delhi to get the centres nod for finalising the budget for the union territory for the 2016-17 fiscal.
he said he had also sought rs 1,000 crore as subsidy for the ut to meet commitments to implement welfare schemes.
while conceding the plea for loan, the fm had told him that the plea for subsidy would be considered expeditiously.
narayanasamy announced that government employees engaged for work during the assembly polls in may this year would be paid overtime allowance totaling rs 3.
29 crore.
the overtime allowance for police personnel would be decided in the next few days, narayanasamy said.
he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj whom he had met during his delhi visit, had promised to look into his plea for for steps to expand the area of operation of passport seva kendra to benefit those hailing from villupuram, tindivanam, chidambaram and mayiladuthurai.
presently the kendra caters to applicants from puducherry and karaikal regions.
he said swaraj had enquired about the recent happenings in pondicherry central university (following release of a controversial magazine widerstand), to which he had told her governments role was restricted to maintain law and order.
as far as the management of the university and other issues of the institution were concerned, the union hrd minister was the competent authority to intervene.
he said the university was also responsible for ensuring a congenial environment.
he said he had sought appointment with tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa and also to discuss various projects, including making available a stretch of land falling within tamil nadu limits to expand the runway of puducherry airport situated on puducherry-tamil nadu border.
we are keen that we should have cordial relations with the neighbouring states of tamil nadu, kerala, andhra pradesh and karnataka, he said.
sushma swaraj and rajnath singh in parliament wednesday.
(source: express photo by anil sharma) sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajnath singh in parliament wednesday.
the minister, responding to a string of questions, did not elaborate what she meant by the other side.
she said the threat of radicalisation was not restricted to j&k but included all states and the entire world.
the centre, she said, had embarked on a programme with all states to counter radicalisation.
she attributed the lack of response to radicalisation to indian ethos and culture, secularism and family system in which parents and others kept an eye on what a person did.
in rajya sabha, home minister rajnath singh said there is no need to be worried about isis spreading in india.
if some youth get influenced by the radical ideology of the terrorist organisation, he said, the government runs a counter-radicalism programme.
minister of state (home) hansraj ahir said around 80 people suspected to have been influenced by the isis ideology have been held in the country.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaking in parliament.
(file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaking in parliament.
(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday confirmed that 39 indians, who were taken hostage in iraq by isis militants in june 2015, are dead.
search operations, said swaraj, led to a mound in badoosh where locals said some bodies were buried by the isis.
deep penetration radars were used to establish that the mound indeed was a mass grave, she said, adding the indian authorities requested their iraqi counterpart to exhume the bodies.
also read | 39 indians kidnapped by islamic state in iraq are dead: sushmaswaraj swaraj informs parliamentdna testing established the identity of 38 indians while there has been 70 per cent match with the 39th person, she said.
kurdish authorities had revealed to the indian express in 2014 that they had evidence of mass graves being dug in the area, which they believed could contain the remains of the indian workers.
the indian workers, kurdish intelligence believed, were initially held by local mosul militia with links to ousted dictator saddam husains baath party, but then handed over to islamic state for executionrelated read | no sign of 39 indian workers in iraq, say kurdish officialsearlier, gurdaspur (punjab) resident harjit masih  arrested in march this year on charges of forgery connected to an alleged immigration racket  had provided the research and analysis wing (r&aw) with a detailed account of how the workers had been executed by islamic state on june 16, 2014.
masih, 25, said he had been the sole survivor of the massacre, surviving an injury to the leg to make his way to iraqi kurdistans capital, erbil.
however, evidence later surfaced that at least some of the workers were alive till june 19, 2014.
in may 2015, swaraj after meeting the families of the abducted indians had reassured the families about the well-being of the nationals on the basis of information received from various sources.
masih, however, insisted that they were all 39 workers were shot a few days after they were abducted, and chances of their survival were bleak.
according to masih, four or five days after they were taken hostage on june 15, 2014, the isis took them to a hilltop, ordered them to line up, and shot them from behind.
masih, who was reportedly hit in the right leg, said he dropped to the ground and feigned death.
he lay there till the militants left and then ran for cover.
masih said after escaping, he stayed with a group of bangladeshi youths in iraq for a few days.
after that, i contacted the construction company in irbil where i was employed.
they handed me over to the indian embassy.
they brought me to india where i was kept in greater noida and gurgaon till about two weeks ago i was told there was a threat to my life from the parents of the 39 hostages.
i somehow did not understand this, said masih.
also read | harjit masih claims chances of survival of 39 indians in iraq bleak, government refuteshowever, swaraj had at that time refuted masihs claims and said: i did not believe harjit masihs claims that 39 indians were killed ive met family members of indian nationals who are stranded in iraq, had discussions with them harjit masih is claiming that all of them are dead, but i do not believe him will continue with the search.
declaring anyone dead without proof is a sin and i wont commit a sin, she had said in the lok sabha.
she again dismissed masihs claim, arguing that if isil had indeed executed their indian captives, there would have been evidence of their crime.
following masihs claims, in 2014, i had asked the indian embassy in iraq to investigate it and they have found nothing to indicate that 39 indians were killed in mosul.
there were no bodies found or a pool of blood or any signs of a mass slaughter, she said.
in the same month, iraqi foreign minister ibrahim al-jaafari had said there was no substantial evidence to prove whether the indians were alive or dead and confirmed that their last known location, the prison at badoosh, has been destroyed by the islamic state.
in october last year, the mea had started gathering dna samples of the families of the 39 missing indians and had sent them to iraq and syria to be matched with people captured from fallen is bastions such as raqqa, as well as with bodies recovered during combing operations.
srinivas kuchibhotla was killed in a racial attack in kansas on wednesday.
srinivas kuchibhotla was killed in a racial attack in kansas on wednesday.
a gofundme page was created after hyderabad-based engineer srinivas kuchibhotla died at a local hospital in kansas, after being shot in a racial attack by an intoxicated 51-year-old navy veteran.
adam purinton, who hurled racial slurs, at whom he thought were two middle eastern men at austins bar and grill on wednesday night, opened fire killing kuchibhotla and injuring two others.
alok madasani, 32, and ian grillot, 24, are in stable condition.
the gofundme page was created to raise funds to send kuchibhotlas remains back to india so his parents can say goodbye to their beloved son.
the page has crossed its $150,000 goal in just eight hours; it has raised $250.
662 at the time of writing this copy.
ians sister maggie also commented on the page saying: my brother was the third victim.
my deepest condolences to the family- im so very sorry for your loss.
my brother wishes he could have done more for your family.
keeping everyone in my prayers.
watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineerexternal affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted friday, saying she is shocked at the incident.
she confirmed that alok madasani has been discharged from the hospital, and added that help and assistance will be provided to kuchibhotlas family.
we will provide all help and assistance to the bereaved family.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017kuchibhotla graduated from jawaharlal nehru technological university with a bachelor of technology degree in electrical and electronics engineering in 2005.
according to ndtv, kuchibhotla worked as a teaching assistant and research assistant at utep, then as a software engineer and senior systems engineer at rockwell collins.
he did his masters from the university of texas el paso, prior to working in the aviation systems engineering department at gps-maker garmin.
he is survived by his wife, sunayana dumala, who is working in a technology company in the us.
garmin released a statement in the wake of the attack, saying, were saddened that two garmin associates were involved in last nights (wednesday night) incident, and we express our condolences to the family and friends of our co-workers involved.
garmin will have grievance counsellors on-site and available for its associates today and tomorrow.
the shooter has been charged with premeditated murder and attempted murder and his bond is set at $2 million.
the informal summit marks modis fourth visit to china since he assumed power in 2014 and a second bilateral visit.
(file) the informal summit marks modis fourth visit to china since he assumed power in 2014 and a second bilateral visit.
(file)before departing for china to attend a two-day informal meeting with chinese president xi jinping, prime minister narendra modi on thursday said his top-most priority would be reviewing the developments in relations between the two countries from a strategic and long-term perspective.
modi left for wuhan on thursday afternoon and will have a one-on-one open-ended meeting with the chinese president to weed out sticky issues that have crept in between the two asian giants since the past year, starting with the 73-day doklam standoff.
#watch: pm narendra modi leaves for wuhan, #china.
he will hold an informal meeting with chinese president xi jinping on 27th & 28th april.
pic.
twitter.com/k5p8dprvtw  ani (@ani) april 26, 2018president xi and i will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
we will also review the developments in the india-china relations from a strategic and long-term perspective, modi said in a tweet.
the pm further said the discussions would also be held on issues reflecting on the current and future global situation.
we will discuss our respective visions and priorities for national development, particularly in the context of current and future international situation, the pm said.
president xi and i will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
we will discuss our respective visions and priorities for national development, particularly in the context of current and future international situation.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) april 26, 2018the groundwork for rapprochement with china had begun two months ago, when foreign secretary vijay gokhale sent out a note asking senior leaders and government functionaries of the centre and states to stay away from events planned to mark 60 years in exile of the dalai lama.
indian prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping during last years brics summit in xiamen.
(file) indian prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping during last years brics summit in xiamen.
(file)the final touches to the informal summit was given during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs meeting with chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi in beijing last sunday on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) foreign ministers meet.
the informal summit marks modis fourth visit to china since he assumed power in 2014 and a second bilateral visit.
read| india and china: over to the leaderschinese deputy foreign minister kong xuanyou said the two leaders would try to reach important consensus to resolve outstanding issues and build mutual trust during their talks in wuhan, pti reported.
besides the border row, there are a range of issues that have seen india and china cross hairs.
india is yet to enter the nuclear suppliers group and needs chinas nod.
moreover, beijing has repeatedly blocked indias application at the un to declare pakistan-based masood azhar as a global terrorist.
xis ambitious belt and road project is another sticking point as india has till now kept away from being part of the project.
b'swaraj, who called on president u htin kyaw, also held talks with state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi.
(source: ani) swaraj, who called on president u htin kyaw, also held talks with state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi.
(source: ani)india is ready to give all help was the message given to the myanmarese leadership by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is in nay pyi daw on the first high-level visit from india after the new government came to power in march following decades of military rule.
swaraj, who called on president u htin kyaw, also held talks with state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi.
congratulating suu kyi for the victory in the first genuine election, swaraj assured her of all help.
the one-day trip by swaraj, accompanied by foreign secretary s jaishankar and other senior ministry of external affairs officials, is the first high-level visit from india since the civilian government took over earlier this year.
suu kyi, the de facto leader of myanmar and a nobel laureate besides being a democracy icon, thanked swaraj for the support.
banned from becoming president by a junta-era constitution, suu kyi has a strong control over the countrys first civilian-led government.
the constitution effectively bans her from the top post as it rules out anyone with foreign-born children or spouses from becoming president.
suu kyi married and had two sons with a british national.
the military also retains control of the key home, defence and border affairs ministries, while 25 per cent of parliamentary seats are reserved for unelected soldiers.
incidentally, swarajs visit comes just days after suu kyi made a high-profile trip to china.
watch video: whats making newsindia and myanmar share close relations with a robust development cooperation programme in areas such as agriculture, it, human resource development, infrastructure development, culture among others.
the visit reaffirms indias commitment to heighten partnership with myanmar in the areas of priority by the new government of myanmar, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
srinivas kuchibhotla, right, poses for photo with his wife sunayana dumala in cedar rapids, iowa.
(ap photo via kranti shalia) srinivas kuchibhotla, right, poses for photo with his wife sunayana dumala in cedar rapids, iowa.
(ap photo via kranti shalia)days after two indian engineers working in us were shot at by an intoxicated navy veteran at a bar in kansas city, indian students are now thinking twice before applying for american universities.
a washington post report on sunday stated that the students wishing to study abroad were now willing to change their preference from us to canada or australia in the wake of the attack.
the report also reiterated that donald trumps election to the white house may have also impacted the choices made of students.
watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineeron wednesday, 32-year-old srinivas kuchibhotla and his friend alok madasani were shot by a 51-year-old navy veteran, adam purinton.
while kuchibhotla succumbed to his wounds, madasani has been released from the hospital after receiving treatment.
according to reports, the shooter allegedly shouted get out of my country and called them terrorists before he began shooting.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took to twitter on friday and said: i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family.
after the news of attacks surfaced, people on social media criticised president donald trump for his vitriolic statements and policies targeting muslims, hispanics, mexicans and other races.
indian-origin microsoft ceo satya nadella, also took to twitter and said theres no place for senseless violence & bigotry in our society.
my heart is with the victims & families of the horrific shooting in kansas.
on saturday, kuchibhotlas wife sunayana dumala addressed the media at the headquarters of garmin.
in an emotional address, dumala mentioned that her husband was to celebrate his 33rd birthday on march 9 and that he always assured her that good things happened to good people.
she demanded answers from the us government over how it was going to stop such hate crimes from happening again.
the same day family and friends of kuchibhotla held a vigil outside the first baptist church of olathe, kansas.
american sikh leader gurinder singh khalsa also condemned the incident and called for the indian and american community to come together and unite against such hate crimes.
kuchibhotlas body is expected to arrive at hyderabad on sunday evening.
his wife and brother will be accompanying his body.
an online campaign to raise money for srinivass family grossed over $1 million till sunday.
former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee buried the idea of undoing partition during his visit to lahore in february 1999 by visiting minar-e-pakistan, which symbolises the creation of pakistan (file) former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee buried the idea of undoing partition during his visit to lahore in february 1999 by visiting minar-e-pakistan, which symbolises the creation of pakistan (file)the 32-year-old saarc scarcely registers in our foreign policy debate, which is preoccupied with the exciting prospect of indias role in the indo-pacific and beyond.
the south asian agenda has been reduced, at least in public perception, to countering pakistan and its terror proxies.
the partition curtailed our territory and resources, severed trade and travel routes and was followed by horrendous violence.
with the centuries-old tradition of rulers of india dominating the geo-strategic space in south asia, independent india sought to exclude external powers from the region.
there was also a nostalgic reaction from a section that raised the slogan of akhand bharat  a concept ranging from the undoing of partition to a loosely-defined cultural unity covering south asia and beyond.
both these ideals were belied in subsequent years.
former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee buried the idea of undoing partition during his visit to lahore in february 1999 by visiting minar-e-pakistan, which symbolises the creation of pakistan.
he also propounded the forward-looking approach of developing trust, confidence and creating a solid structure of cooperation.
manmohan singh carried this thinking forward in presenting a vision of south asia where, with the cooperation of all our neighbours, we move from poverty to prosperity, ignorance to knowledge and insecurity to lasting peace.
instead of pursuing the unrealistic goal of undoing partition, this approach sought to leverage the large indian economy in building mutually beneficial trade, economic and other linkages within south asia.
pakistan, though the largest obstacle to the emergence of a cohesive south asia, is not the only one.
an example is our inability so far to push through a sub-regional motor vehicle agreement with nepal, bhutan and bangladesh after pakistan blocked a similar arrangement at the saarc.
such hurdles are inherent in any process involving sovereign nations.
a moribund saarc is not in our interest.
sub-regional and other arrangements such as bimstec, though valuable, are no substitute as these leave out our troublesome western periphery.
if saarc is a broken-down vehicle, we need another instrument, but cannot ignore or abandon the task of building a largely cohesive and stable periphery, which is essential to prevent meddling by external powers and realise our legitimate aspirations in the indo-pacific and beyond.
we cannot dictate the actions of our neighbours.
but we do need to pay more attention to certain aspects within our control.
first, our ability to manage our region and stature in the world depend to a considerable degree upon economic success.
the continent-sized indian economy, growing at around 6 per cent, holds a tremendous attraction for our neighbours.
imagine its lure, even for business and industry in an otherwise hostile pakistan, when it was growing at 8 to 10 per cent, second, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs assurance in an address in december 2014 that realising its special responsibility in driving the locomotive of south asian growth, india would continue to institutionalise positive asymmetry in favour of our neighbours and allow all to benefit from our economy and market, should be the leitmotif of our south asia policies.
third, all our neighbours have certain vested interests opposed to india and it becomes necessary once in a while to send a coercive message to them.
this should, however, not alienate the constituencies that are well-disposed towards us.
a jingoistic response, as opposed to discreet punitive action, to the provocations of the pakistan security establishment and its proxies ends up consolidating opinion there in favour of the provocateurs.
the wisdom of restricting transit for nepal to punish the short-sighted actions of its governments is also questionable.
the resulting hardship can turn the entire population against us.
fourth, relations with our south asian neighbours are intertwined with the interests of our states and certain political constituencies.
for example, the politics in tamil nadu over the sri lankan tamils issue and our relationship with pakistan has become a subject of electoral politics in recent years.
in a democracy, such politics is unavoidable to an extent but carried out cynically, it could have unintended consequences.
fifth, the cost and time overruns that mar most of our projects at home due to cumbersome administrative and financial procedures also afflicts our projects in neighbouring countries.
instead of complaining against interlopers from outside the region, we need to focus on improving our project delivery.
lastly, the pull of our soft power is the strongest in south asia because india remains the repository of nearly all linguistic, religious and cultural traditions of this region.
india is the epitome of the south asian diversity, which we have managed well in our vibrant democracy.
any faltering on this count would impair not only our south asia project, but also our global ambitions.
b'union finance minister p chidambaram slammed bjp for not supporting the upa governments efforts to pass a resolution in parliament on the sri lankan tamils issue and rejected accusations hurled at congress that it did not support the cause.
addressing a public meeting here,chidambaram explained the initiatives the congress took for passing a resolution in parliament.
the government convened an all-party meet to discuss the issue,but bjp,left parties,janata dal,akali dal,shiv sena,telugu desam opposed a passage of resolution.
friends,you should understand that there is only one party in new delhi which is ready to pass a resolution in support of sri lankan tamils.
if bjp or some other party was in power (at new delhi),what would have happened?
he asked during his 90-minute speech.
chidambaram,who outlined the talks congress held with dmk on the issue,charged that the dravidian parties in tamil nadu were trying to make congress a scapegoat over the sri lankan tamils issue.
i strongly condemn your statement that congress is not in support of sri lankan tamils.
i respect dmk for supporting the sri lankan tamils.
i support the aiadmk.
but i strongly object that congress is not in support of the tamils in sri lanka, he asserted.
continuing his tirade against the bjp for appointing amit shah,a former gujarat home minister and close aide of chief minister narendra modi,as its general secretary,chidambaram asked how he had been selected when he was allegedly involved in an encounter case.
b'external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lashing out against amazon for selling indian national flag-emblazoned doormats on its canada website has triggered extreme reactions on social media.
but, she did have a strong case to act in the manner that she did, even if it bypassed normally followed bureaucratic processes.
swarajs warning to amazon forced the e-tailer to remove the product from its list.
stark reactions were thrown at swaraj along with allegations that she overdid the threat and that too over social media.
it is another matter that this same twitter engagement has allowed greater interaction and quicker response time to citizens issues from government ministries.
if the country is advancing, why cant a minister choose how to run his/her ministry and reach out to millions of people?
watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatsindian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level.
http://t.
co/l4yi3glk3h  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
we will also rescind the visas issued earlier.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017meanwhile, many people can dismiss swarajs reaction by terming it hypernationalism.
however, it is preposterous to think that any indian will find it appropriate for someone to rub their shoes on their national flagwhich was apparently being sold by a business house that wants to expand in india.
in the past there have been incidents where people have been forced to show their nationalism by court order or government decree like standing up for the national anthem in cinema halls.
in such cases the orders were in fact harsh and unreasonable.
but, some institutions deserve respect and if a citizen, a foreign minister for that matter, is attacking a foreign entity for disrespecting our national flag then she would be well in her right to do so.
even if she were not a minister, a citizen can show outrage when a symbol of their national identity is run to the ground.
granted that where the incident took place such instances may be within legal boundaries, but we cant judge to what extent someone can go with our national flag based on foreign laws and their legal liberties.
isnt amazon responsible for the products that are sold on its platform.
it is common sense that anything involving another nations symbols and identities should be treated with sensitivity according to prevailing values and sentiments in the country in question.
questions arise from some quarters that whether national flag, national anthem, and other such institutions are so weak or small that we have to defend them on each such incident?
are they maligned by an act by ill-informed or even ill-meaning individuals?
the answer is no.
that doesnt mean it gives someone a free hand to take absolute liberties in such matters.
the national flag, national anthem, the constitution, all represent the spirit of sovereign india.
by such questions, people expose themselves to other arguments that whether it is right to do so?
is this validation of insult in our society?
or do we practice different standards in our own case and in the case of our country and its institutions.
bpresident pranab mukherjee president pranab mukherjeethe recent controversy over china blocking indias bid at the united nations  to put jaish-e-mohammad chief masood azhar on the list of proscribed terrorists  is likely to come up for discussion during president pranab mukherjees four-day visit to china, beginning may 24.
the issue has already been raised at various levels, including by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar and national security adviser ajit k doval.
it is an important relationship, it is an important visit.
and as it happens in all these visits, we discuss all issues of interest, pradeep kumar rawat, joint secretary (east asia) in the ministry of external affairs, told reporters.
another issue expected to come up is chinas position on indias membership of the elite nuclear suppliers group (nsg)  beijing has raised hurdles in the past.
share this article related article dalai lamas meeting with president: china objects, india rejectsdalai lamas meeting with president: china objects, india rejects new zealand pm john key arrives, pm modi likely to seek his support for india's nsg bidnew zealand pm john key arrives, pm modi likely to seek his support for india's nsg bid opposition to india's nsg bid not to hit bilateral ties: chinaopposition to india's nsg bid not to hit bilateral ties: china raja mandala: delhis new diplomatic chutzpahraja mandala: delhis new diplomatic chutzpah china stands firm on npt for nsg membership, rebuts india's stand on francechina stands firm on npt for nsg membership, rebuts india's stand on france npt not required for nuclear suppliers group membership: indiato a question about a chinese embassy official saying that the country gets concerned when indian ships enter the south china sea, rawat said indian ships entering the area is normal and when it happens, there is nothing unusual about it.
indian navy is participating in the malabar naval exercise with the us and japan in south china sea.
officials described the presidents visit as one that will seek to underscore the growing bilateral ties in business, industry and people-to-people sectors.
mukherjee will meet president xi jinping, premier le keqiang and the chairman of the national peoples congress.
this will be his first visit to china as president.
pratibha patil was the last indian president to visit china in 2010.
mukherjee will begin his visit from guangzhou.
the city, which has strong business links with india, has an economy of over $1 trillion.
besides interacting with the indian community, which has over 3,000 businessmen, mukherjee will also address the india-china business forum to highlight investment opportunities in india.
on the second leg of the visit, the president will travel to beijing to hold wide-ranging talks with the chinese leadership on key bilateral, regional and global issues.
a key engagement of the president will be a roundtable of vice chancellors of chinese and indian universities.
this is being organised in china for the first time, rawat said.
b'as congress organised a protest in lucknow on friday, the party alleged that only atrocities, excesses, hunger and unemployment have increased during three years of modi government.
speaking to mediapersons at the state party headquarters in lucknow, congress leader and punjab finance minister manpreet singh badal claimed a new variety of mafia has emerged under bjp rule in the form of vigilantes, who take law in their hands in the name of cow protection or moral policing.
the biggest failure of the modi government is continuation of divisive politics in the country.
politics in the name of religion or caste may work for some time, but it will not last long, he said.
badal claimed that the rise of such gau rakshaks has severely hit the dairy business in punjab, which used to sell its cows to other parts of the country.
he alleged that 35 farmers are committing suicide every day on an average because the government is not trying to understand their distress.
there is no leader in the modi cabinet who cares about farmers issues, said badal.
while modi had promised to generate two crore jobs in the country, only 1.
35 lakh jobs were created in 2015, he claimed, adding that while the prime minister is talking about strong leadership and 56-inch chest, the country has faced several attacks, like in uri and pathankot.
badal said a society which cannot discern between a chowkidar (guard) and a chor (thief) cannot progress.
citing madhya pradeshs vyapam scam, chhattisgarhs pds scam and controversies linking rajasthan cm vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with former ipl commissioner lalit modi, badal said the pm has not spoken on these issues.
pakistan pm nawaz sharif is defending himself in court after his name figured in the panama papers, but no indians mentioned in the disclosures have been issued notices, despite the prime ministers claims of bringing black money back into the country, he alleged.
meanwhile, a march towards the vidhan sabha, organised by youth congress workers against the failures of the central government, was stopped midway by the police.
pti reported that the workers, led by their state unit president ankit singh parihar, started their march from the party office to gherao the vidhan bhavan but were stopped midway by police personnel  armed with water cannons  at lal bahadur shastri marg, youth congress general secretary akhilesh verma claimed.
it is our democratic right to protest but this is like autocracy, said congress spokesperson dwijendra tripathi.
it was in june 2014, soon after the bjp-led nda had swept the general elections, that the families of the 39 men learnt that their loved ones had been captured by islamic state (is).
it was in june 2014, soon after the bjp-led nda had swept the general elections, that the families of the 39 men learnt that their loved ones had been captured by islamic state (is).
the death of 39 indian citizens in iraq, established after four years of uncertainty, dread and hope for their families, calls attention to the challenges of a global order where citizens must often work in conflict areas far away from home.
going forward, there are also lessons to be learned by the government in handling a sensitive situation such as this one.
it was in june 2014, soon after the bjp-led nda had swept the general elections, that the families of the 39 men learnt that their loved ones had been captured by islamic state (is).
in the four years since, there have been indian citizens who have needed rescuing from extremists, and external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has led from the front in several successful operations.
in july 2014, new delhi managed a deal through intermediaries to secure the release of 46 indian nurses from is.
in 2015, father alexis prem kumar was rescued from afghanistan, as was aid worker judith dsouza in 2016.
as recently as september last year, father tom uzhunnalil was released by is after 17 months in captivity.
that the 39 indian workers were killed by the is is a testament to the perils of the broken security and political architecture in west asia.
the lack of a modern state apparatus in parts of the region leaves open only informal channels for rescue operations and negotiation.
to be sure, the indian government used every means at its disposal to save its citizens.
however, the external affairs ministry made six statements, including by swaraj, in parliament, claiming that the government had confirmed that the hostages were alive.
that swaraj did not want to cause undue anguish to the families of the victims is understandable.
but staying with the facts  that the hostages were missing and the government was doing its best  would have been more sensitive and appropriate.
finally, in terms of both protocol and humanity, it was essential that the families of the 39 workers did not first hear the devastating news about their loved ones on television.
the economic realities of labour migration coupled with the conflict in west asia means that indian citizens could be in danger again.
the government must keep in mind its successes.
but if tragedy strikes, it must not repeat its mistakes.
b'speaker sumitra mahajan with ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, anupriya patel and mp poonamben maadam during womens day celebrations at jawaharlal nehru bhawan.
(express photo: renuka puri) speaker sumitra mahajan with ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj, anupriya patel and mp poonamben maadam during womens day celebrations at jawaharlal nehru bhawan.
(express photo: renuka puri)protests rocked rajya sabha for the fourth consecutive day on thursday, but for 55 minutes in the morning, the opposition and the treasury benches spoke in the same voice as the house observed international womens day.
women members from the opposition, supported by their male colleagues, demanded early passage of womens reservation bill and took potshots at the bjp-led government for not passing it in lok sabha despite having an absolute majority.
and i continue to be an ardent supporter.
chairman venkaiah naidu said there should be renewed focus on gender equality and safety of women.
we all have to act collectively to raise awareness against discrimination of the girl child.
while congresss kumari selja demanded setting up of an equal opportunities commission for women, her party colleague viplove thakur pointed out that there is not a single women in the panel of vice-chairmen.
senior congress leader senior congress leader sonia gandhi celebrates womens day at her residence with party leaders.
(photo: renuka puri)what kind of equality are we talking about?
you (referring to naidu) said (equality) we should start from home.
i want to say that you should start from here.
is there no capable women among us who can be on the panel and sit on that chair?
she asked.
naidu told her that he has accepted her suggestion and it will be executed.
dmks kanimozhi said, men are celebrating us today as mothers, as sisters, as daughters (but) i think it is time for women to say enough of that.
we dont want to be celebrated for our sacrifices; we dont want to be celebrated for what we give up.
we want to be celebrated for what we are; we want to find our identity, our individuality and we want to pursue our dreams and, i think, that is what womens day is all about, she said.
politics, too, crept in the discussion.
trinamool congresss derek o brien said the saying, behind every successful man, there is a woman has changed to behind every successful man, there is a nationalised bank.
cpis d raja invoked periyar and lenin, saying they stood for the empowerment of women.
in lok sabha, speaker sumitra mahajan said, if you consider man and woman as two wings of humanity, their empowerment is absolutely necessary for it to fly high.
if we all work for the all round development of women for positive change, then i am sure that india will shine in the global stage, she added.
terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights: of life, peace and prosperity, swaraj said.
terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights: of life, peace and prosperity, swaraj said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday said that terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights and the fight against it should also identify states that encourage, support and finance the menace and provide sanctuary to terror groups.
swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers here, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
there are a number of challenges that are being faced by the world today, foremost being the threat of global terrorism and the imminent need to build a strong security architecture to combat it, the minister said.
terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights: of life, peace and prosperity, swaraj said.
protectionism in all its forms should be rejected and efforts should be made to discipline measures that constitute barriers to trade.
india is committed to working with the sco to strengthen our economic and investment ties.
we believe that economic globalization should be more open, inclusive, equitable and balanced for mutual benefits, swaraj added.
eman at saifee hospital in mumbai.
amit chakravarty eman at saifee hospital in mumbai.
amit chakravartyearlier this month, as six people including three indian doctors struggled to move her, eman ahmed abdelary let out a giggle inside her home in alexandria, egypt.
in arabic, she whispered to her younger sister shaimaa, it takes only you and mummy to move me.
on february 11, eman, believed to be the worlds heaviest woman at 500 kg, was shifted to a hospital room in mumbai, 5,000 km away.
admitted in south mumbais saifee hospital, eman will be treated for a series of conditions, mainly obesity, that have been tailing her even before she turned a teenager.
doctors hope to reduce her weight by 200 kg in 2017, and another 200 kg after two years.
as the dialogue goes, picture abhi baaki hai mere dost, says a smiling bariatric surgeon dr muffazal lakdawala, under whom eman is admitted at saifee, where she is being treated free of cost.
on the face of it, it looks like eman is just lying there.
but she is a bundle of complications  at that weight no one is normal, lakdawala told the indian express.
eman weighed five kg at birth, her family ecstatic at such a healthy baby.
but by the time she was 11, she was unable to bear the ridicule at school and dropped out abruptly in 1991.
shaimaa claims emans weight exploded around then, but she wasnt diagnosed as obese.
she underwent four surgeries to drain fluid from her legs, but that only inflated her lower limbs like balloons, according to doctors.
until she arrived in mumbai, eman had not stepped out of her first floor flat for 25 years.
and two years ago, her movement ceased almost entirely as she lay on a foot-high mattress.
her mother, a tailor, would feed her.
along with youngest daughter shaimaa, she would bathe eman five times a day, a concern for hygiene that has ensured she has hardly any back sores.
as her sisters married while eman stayed bedridden, she did go through bouts of depression, but her family says emans humour counters her despair.
as youngsters fought the mubarak regime through social media, occupying cyberspace before they occupied tahir square, shaimaa, an engineer, was sending appeals to doctors via the web to treat eman.
the bulk of her pleas were declined.
but six months ago, shaimaa caught a break.
an acquaintance told her to contact indian bariatric surgeon dr muffazal lakdawala.
i saw her video and knew i had to help her, lakdawala says.
he almost instantly promised to help eman (37), despite the odds.
then the logistical nightmare began  the family did not have passports, then emans father died, and later getting a medical visa proved challenging.
finally in november 2016, responding to a tweet by lakdawala, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped facilitate the visa.
to raise funds, a social media campaign  save eman  was kicked off.
the donations trickled in slowly, and today over rs 18 lakh has been collected.
in january, dr lakdawala visited eman for the first time.
eman, who told him that her name meant faith, started feeling optimistic.
in the last week of january, three doctors from saifee hospital  a bariatric surgeon, a physician and an intensivist  arrived in egypt with 300 kg of medical supplies in 11 bags.
the clock had now started to tick.
in 20 days, preparations had to be made to move the 500 kg woman from her house for the first time in 25 years.
once this team landed, a whatsapp group was immediately set up.
besides, the task force of doctors treating eman, the group also included hospital nurses.
eman on the way to the hospital.
amit chakravarty eman on the way to the hospital.
amit chakravartyback in mumbai, huzaifa shehabi, coo of saifee hospital was arranging for a mattress to carry emans weight.
a thin paper-like mattress was designed and prepared, which could take a maximum of 2,000 kilos, lakdawala said.
shehabi said they realised they needed a strong iron bed that could withstand gravitational pressures and balance eman in flight.
he went to egypt to meet an engineering team that mostly spoke arabic.
i was scared of what i would say, and what they would make of it, he said.
nosco, an egypt-based marine engineering company, offered to make a 3g torque bed, at no cost.
the extra large white iron bed was ready in three days.
egypt airways, the airline partner, customised a cargo aircraft.
we had to strap her welland not like a goods cargo.
just imagine an 800 plus kilo person and bed just zittering around in the cargo.
in case of an accident, no insurance would cover the airline, an official said.
meanwhile, doctors were hard at work.
dr aparna bhasker said they inserted a central venous catheter.
it was the most difficult procedure because we did it at home, said bhasker, one of the three doctors who went to egypt.
the procedure is used to administer fluid into the body.
eman did not eat much, the fluid in her blood vessels was low.
ironically, it was in abundance outside her blood vessels.
back in saifee hospital, a rs 2-crore 1000-square-feet room with an extra-large door frame was being prepared.
hospital trustee moiz bhaisaheb, doctors said, gave them a free hand to equip it with what they needed  a chain pulley, lifting swing, infusion pump, a central monitoring system and several high-tech equipments.
the room was readied in just three days with 75(source: express photo by nirmal harindran) (source: express photo by nirmal harindran)on february 10, the anticipated day arrived with a throng of onlookers, a crane-operator and more.
nosco offered a crane for free to lift eman from her first-storey flat.
in the 12-storey government building, the family first took permission to break down an entire wall in their drawing room.
two iron stretchers were fixed in the opening.
emans bed was mounted on it and lifted by crane, as onlookers watched.
the arrangements to bring eman down from her home took two days and 50 workers.
everything was drawn like you would do a recce for something.
everything was tested and that included about 12 people weighing 800 kg just sitting on the bed that would be maneuvered by a crane.
people on the bed were brought down twice.
we didnt leave any stone unturned, said lakdawala.
eman lay silently, wrapped in her blanket as she was lifted gently.
her heart beat was 80, ours was much higher, laughed dr aparna bhasker.
shehabi said over 400 cargo and logistics experts were approached globally for advice.
there were extensive deliberations on administrative and medical requirements.
we set up teams in egypt, he added.
the truck took two hours to drive to borg el arab airport where an airbus 300-600 freighter was waiting, turned into an air ambulance with a special enclave for the designer cot.
egyptian company horus worked for free to arrange the lifting and transporting in a truck.
by nightfall, eman was loaded in the cargo plane, with an oxygen cylinder, defibrillator, ventilator and bags of drugs.
having lost a few kilos already, she was also on blood thinners.
eight hours later, the plane landed in mumbai, glitch-free.
it cost saifee hospital rs 83 lakh to bring her via egypt airlines.
(source: express photo by nirmal harindran) (source: express photo by nirmal harindran)at the chhatrapati shivaji international airport in mumbai, egypts consul general stood waiting as the bed was gingerly transferred into a made-to-order open truck.
it took one and half hours for the entourage  with media vans tailing  to reach saifee hospital, probably the slowest green corridor implemented by the mumbai traffic police, whose head milind bharambe was coordinating from lilavati hospital where he himself was admitted that night.
as news of the safe landing reached the hospital, trustee moiz bhaisaheb made last minute arrangements for flowers, in the early hours.
we are inviting someone to our house.
she is our guest, moiz told his staff.
at the hospital, the exercise of testing a crane with the bed and 12 men on it was repeated.
finally, eman was lifted in.
a sleepy but cheerful eman reportedly smiled all the way, sister shaimaa beaming by her side.
in india, medical equipment supplier huntleighs senior director chander tahiliani had agreed to make a specialised citadel plus bed for eman free of cost.
while beds can carry a weight up to 350 kg, no indian manufacturer supplies beds to support 500 kg.
huntleigh customised a bed.
since emans admission, a strict order ensures there are no extras on her floor.
the special branch of the mumbai police have visited numerous times.
we were informed by the police that hospitals are on the soft targets list so we cooperated with the police.
there were large crowds gathered when eman arrived and it was considered a possible law and order issue, claimed a senior official at the hospital.
for now, eman watches movies in bed.
it is a picnic until now, lakdawala said.
she watches shah rukh khan and aamir khan movies, though salman khan is awwal (on top).
the day after her arrival, a doctor brought her mangoes, something she hadnt tasted, before her special diet kicked in.
the whatsapp group continues to function, permitting efficient communication for x-rays, sonography images, etc.
dr hemal will be treating the kidneys, so he will put it there saying heres what ill do, so youll have to handle the other end.
shela, who is the endocrinologist, will say you cannot go too fast.
so everyones holding each others hand and taking the next step, lakdawala said, adding that he only has to check on eman twice a day as the whatsapp notifications tell him the latest about her.
doctors hope to reduce 200 kg in the next six months.
two bariatric surgeries are in the pipeline, the second one two years later.
with a bmi of 252, ten times higher than any normal person, bringing her down to 100 kg is the shared dream.
a week since she was admitted, eman has lost 30 kg.
she has a new eight-hour sleep cycle and can now blow kisses to her doctors thanks to improved limb mobility.
she is on a strict 1,200-calorie per day diet and undergoes two sessions of physiotherapy every day.
even if she is able to sit up and eat on her own, it is a victory for us, lakdawala said.
b'indian nationals, who were stranded in war-torn south sudan, arrive in trivandrum.
(source: ani/twitter) indian nationals, who were stranded in war-torn south sudan, arrive in trivandrum.
(source: ani/twitter)the first indian airforce flight c-17 carrying 156 persons, who were evacuated from war-torn south sudans capital city juba, arrived in thiruvananthapuram on friday.
the evacuees also included two nepali citizens, besides nine women and three children.
watch video: op sankat mochan: video of indian nationals evacuated from south sudan arriving in delhithe passengers from kerala and some from tamil nadu disembarked after a brief halt in thiruvananthapuram before leaving for delhi.
minister of state for external affairs, v k singh, who accompanied the passengers, told reporters at the airport that 156 persons have been evacuated, of whom two are from nepal.
there are over 550 indians at juba and another 150 in areas where the oil wells are located.
when we landed, 156 came out with us.
there were 30-40 people who had already booked their tickets when the commercial flights started and 300 people did not want to be evacuated due to their business concerns and other activities.
there are 9 women and three children among those evacuated, singh said.
on those who turned down the governments plea to be evacuated, singh said, we tried to convince them.
i suppose business comes first, life comes later (for them).
.
after fighting broke out in juba and its outskirts, our aim was to evacuate our people who were in danger.
as per our information, there were 550 plus people in juba itself with another 150 indians in areas where the oil wells are there.
.
, he added.
the evacuation exercise faced a hurdle when several indians, after registering with the external affairs ministry for leaving south sudan, refused to return, despite an appeal by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter asking them to move out.
singh said he had met vice president of sudan who spoke of the situation out there.
the c-17 aircraft was brought via uganda and the minister also met the ugandan prime minister ruhakana rugunda who on his part assured of all help.
south sudan is witnessing heavy fighting between former rebels and government soldiers in several parts of the city.
state power minister, kadakkampally surendran, thiruvananthapuram district collector, biju prabhakar, were among those who received the travel weary passengers when they arrivedin thiruvananthapuram.
kulbhushan jadhav, 46, was sentenced to death by a military court in pakistan for espionage and subversive activities (file photo) kulbhushan jadhav, 46, was sentenced to death by a military court in pakistan for espionage and subversive activities (file photo)acting on an indian petition, the international court of justice (icj) at the hague has written to the pakistan government to, effectively, put on hold the execution of kulbhushan jadhav, the retired indian navy officer who was convicted of espionage charges by a pakistan military court.
india on tuesday had approached icj and asked it to intervene.
it had accused islamabad of violating the vienna convention on consular relations and not giving jadhav his right to defend himself.
this came exactly a month after jadhav, 46, was sentenced to death by a military court in pakistan for espionage and subversive activities, triggering a sharp reaction from india which said that if he was executed, it would be premeditated murder.
the government had also handed over a mercy petition to islamabad by jadhavs mother.
in an order late tonight, icj president ronny abraham wrote to the pakistan government: in my capacity as president of the court, and exercising the powers conferred upon me under article 74, paragraph 4 of the rules of court, i call upon your excellencys government, pending the courts decision on the request for the indication of provisional measures, to act in such a way as will enable any order the court may make on this request to have its appropriate effects.
she said that harish salve, senior lawyer, is representing india at the icj.
i have spoken to the mother of #kulbhushanjadhav and told her about the order of president, icj under art 74 paragraph 4 of rules of court.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 9, 2017india approaching the icj is a tactical shift since it refrained from doing so on the saurabh kalia case saying that the icj had no jurisdiction over disputes between india and pakistan.
according to the statement released by the icj, india has sought relief by way of immediate suspension of the sentence of death awarded to the accused, relief by way of restitution in interregnum by declaring that the sentence of the military court arrived at, (is) in brazen defiance of the vienna convention rights under article 36and in defiance of elementary human rights of an accused which are also to be given effect as mandated under article 14 of the 1966 international covenant on civil and political rights.
also read: international court of justice stays kulbhushan jadhavs hanging: read full text of indias applicationit has also sought to restrain pakistan from giving effect to the sentence awarded by the military court and directing it to take steps to annul the decision of the military court as may be available to it under the law in pakistan.
if pakistan is unable to annul the decision, then this court (should) declare the decision illegal being violative of international law and treaty rights and restrain pakistan from acting in violation of the vienna convention and international law by giving effect to the sentence or the conviction in any manner, and directing it to release the convicted indian national forthwith, the application said.
new delhi also contended that it was not informed of jadhavs detention until long after his arrest and that pakistan failed to inform the accused of his rights.
it further alleges that, in violation of the vienna convention, the authorities of pakistan are denying india its right of consular access to jadhav, despite its repeated requests, the icj said.
india also pointed out that it learned about the death sentence against jadhav from a press release.
it then reiterated that jadhav was kidnapped from iran, where he was carrying on business after retiring from the indian navy, and was then shown to have been arrested in baluchistan on march 3, 2016, and that the indian authorities were notified of that arrest on march 25, 2016.
it claims to have sought consular access to jadhav on 25 march 2016 and repeatedly thereafter.
the application states that jadhav will be subjected to execution unless the court indicates provisional measures directing the government of pakistan to take all measures necessary to ensure that he is not executed until the courts decision on the merits of the case.
india points out that jadhavs execution would cause irreparable prejudice to the rights claimed by india, the icj said.
india further indicates, the icj said, that the protection of its rights is a matter of urgency as without the provisional measures requested, pakistan will execute kulbhushan sudhir jadhav before the court can consider the merits of indias claims and india will forever be deprived of the opportunity to vindicate its rights.
so, india requested that pending final judgment in this case, the court indicate that the pakistan government will take all measures necessary to ensure that kulbhushan sudhir jadhav is not executed, the icj said.
also, that pakistan report to the court the action it has taken and that no action is taken that might prejudice the rights of the republic of india or jadhav with respect of any decision the court may render on the merits of the case.
india has once taken a case to the icj  even though it has been a party to a total five cases, three of them with pakistan, at the icj.
in 1971, india filed a case against the jurisdiction of international civil aviation organisation (icao) to decide on pakistans demand that india could not deny it overflight and landing rights.
india had withdrawn pakistans overflight rights after the january 1971 hijacking of an indian airlines flight to lahore, and the gutting of the aircraft by the hijackers.
the icj ruled against india, saying that icao had jurisdiction in this case.
pakistan also took india to the icj in 1999, after india shot down an atlantique patrol plane of the pakistan navy in indian air space over the rann of kutch.
india contested the case, and the icj upheld indias position that the court had no jurisdiction to entertain pakistans claim.
the opposition stuck to its demand that prime minister narendra modi be present in the house during the discussion and reply to it.
the contentious short-duration discussion on rising incidents of communal violence in the country could not take place in the rajya sabha on wednesday as the opposition stuck to its demand that prime minister narendra modi be present in the house during the discussion and reply to it.
parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu has communicated to opposition leaders that while modi is scheduled to be present on thursday to answer questions, he will not make a statement on the issue.
but with opposition members adamant on a statement, it will be interesting to see what modifications  if any  they make to their pm lao, house chalao (bring the pm, run the house) slogan when modi is in the house.
meanwhile, when the house reconvened on wednesday after a stormy pre-lunch session, tempers ran high in the opposition as well as the treasury benches.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj read out a statement on the terror attacks in peshawar and sydney.
even before deputy chairman p j kurien had announced the commencement of the discussion, cpms p rajeeve, whose name was listed as one of the speakers, invoked the rich tradition of the house when jawaharlal nehru used to rush to the house to hear a k gopalan speak.
he then demanded that modi be present in the house during the discussion on communal violence and reply to it.
however, it was when derek obrien stood up to open the discussion that all hell broke loose.
the trinamool mp used the name of a once-popular gramophone company to describe the pm, much to the chagrin of the treasury benches.
the name of the company was subsequently removed from the records.
there are nine parties, 140 mps.
i know this discussion has been moved by me.
but it is very clear; we speak in one voice we can only see his selfies.
but does he need a visa to come here?
he is free to come here.
let the pm come, he said.
the remarks brought bjps mukhtar abbas naqvi, j p nadda and piyush goyal to their feet to protest against the use of unparliamentary language.
as the protests intensified, pleas from jd(u)s sharad yadav that the house be in order so that members can hear each other fell on deaf ears.
addressing kurien, rajeeve said, sir, as per rule 255, you have suspended a member from the house.
i request you to invoke some rule to invite the pm to this house this is the need of the day.
several others, including cpis d raja and dmks tiruchi siva, also demanded modis presence.
when kurien tried to move to other business, opposition members entered the well to protest.
the anti-hijacking (amendment) bill 2010 was withdrawn in the din.
since nothing was audible, kurien was forced to adjourn the house for the day.
b'nepal pm k p sharma oli to visit india on april 6.
nepal pm k p sharma oli to visit india on april 6.
india will play a supportive role in nepals development, prime minister k p sharma oli today said, ahead of his maiden visit to india since assuming office to strengthen bilateral relations, according to a media report.
oli will be on a three-day visit to india from april 6 during which he would hold talks with prime minister narendra modi and call on president ram nath kovind and vice president m venkaiah naidu.
i am visiting india to strengthen bilateral relations.
india will play a supportive role in nepals development, oli was quoted as saying by the himalayan times.
the nepalese premieres entourage will include ministers, members of parliament, secretaries and other high-ranking government officials, the report said.
oli also said that china was ready to support nepals development the government is committed to achieving the goals of good governance and prosperity, he said, adding, we will give impetus to development because if we do not do that we cannot achieve the goals of sustainable development.
oli stressed the need for modernisation through science and technology.
he also said that his government would adopt a policy of zero tolerance towards corruption.
ambassador of india to nepal manjeev singh puri said india wanted to see a prosperous nepal and happy nepalis, according to the report.
olis visit is in line with the tradition of a nepalese premier visiting india on his first overseas trip.
congratulating oli over phone upon his appointment to the top executive post in february, prime minister modi had extended an invitation to him for a visit to india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the historic victory of the left alliance in nepals parliamentary and provincial elections.
oli, widely regarded as pro-china, had last month said he wants to update relations with india in keeping with the times and favours a review of all special provisions of the indo-nepal relations, including the long-established practice of nepalese soldiers serving indias armed forces.
b'we believe swarajs visit will further enhance political trust between the two countries and elevate the china-india strategic cooperation partnership, said chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying.
we believe swarajs visit will further enhance political trust between the two countries and elevate the china-india strategic cooperation partnership, said chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying.
china on wednesday said its relations with india have seen great strides and the upcoming visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will further enhance political trust between the two countries.
swaraj will arrive here on april 21 for a four-day visit and hold talks with chinese foreign minister wang yi on april 22 to take forward attempts by both countries to reset ties strained by last years 73-day dokalam military standoff as well as a host of other issues.
we believe swarajs visit will further enhance political trust between the two countries and elevate the china-india strategic cooperation partnership, said chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying.
we have seen great strides in all-around cooperation.
this year, there is a positive momentum in bilateral ties.
we would like to work with the indian side to maintain high-level exchanges, expand practical cooperation, properly manage disputes and move forward bilateral ties, hua said.
the issues of discord between the two countries include the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) being built through pakistan-occupied kashmir, china blocking indias entry into the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) as well as its opposition to efforts to list jaish-e-muhammad chief masood azhar as a global terrorist by the un.
this will be swarajs first meeting with wang after he was elevated last month to be the state councillor, which makes him the top diplomat in the chinese hierarchy.
he holds the dual posts of state councillor and foreign minister.
during their talks, wang and swaraj will exchange views on bilateral ties, international and regional issues of mutual concern, the chinese foreign ministry spokesperson said.
swaraj is also scheduled to take part in the foreign ministers meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) on april 24 besides meeting chinese hindi scholars and students.
hua said foreign ministers of all eight-member countries of the sco will take part in the meeting on april 24.
sco, in which china plays an influential role, is comprised of china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, uzbekistan, india and pakistan.
this is the first foreign ministers meeting after india and pakistan were admitted into sco last year.
all parties will exchange views on sco cooperation and major international and regional issues, hua said.
the meeting will lay the groundwork for the upcoming summit of the sco at the chinese city of qingdao in june, she said.
prime minister narendra modi is expected to take part in the sco summit.
the chinese leadership will have group meeting with heads of delegations.
foreign minister wang will chair foreign ministers meeting.
the ministers will exchange views on all important international and regional issues.
at the end of the meeting, the ministers will witness signing of outcome document, she said, adding that we believe all sides will take the opportunity to build on consensus, reach more cooperation and ensure success of qingdao summit.
swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will be visiting china virtually around the same time.
sitharaman is also due to take part in the sco defence ministers meeting on april 24.
the visit of swaraj and sitharaman were taking place as india and china stepped up high level exchanges to defuse tensions following the dokalam standoff.
ahead of swarajs talks with wang, national security advisor ajit doval met director of chinas foreign affairs commission and member of the ruling communist party of china (cpc) yang jiechi in shanghai on april 13 during which the two sides held in-depth talks on improving relations.
b'in spite of sharing a cordial relationship, chowdhury said it was disconcerting that the state government is unconcerned and passive over the rising attacks on hindu minorities in the neighbouring country.
(source: express file photo) in spite of sharing a cordial relationship, chowdhury said it was disconcerting that the state government is unconcerned and passive over the rising attacks on hindu minorities in the neighbouring country.
(source: express file photo)expressing concern over the increase in attacks on hindus and other communities by fundamentalist forces in bangladesh, state congress president adhir chowdhury on saturday criticised the state government for being passive and said he had written a letter to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in this regard.
the rise of communal forces in bangladesh is a serious concern.
attacks are being carried out in a concerted way to communally destabilise bangladesh.
already several priests and buddhists monks and people advocating secularism have been attacked and killed.
yesterday, we came to know that the hindu priest at ramkrishna mission in dhaka received a death threat the communal forces bid to get bangladesh free of the minorities is a grave concern for india.
i have written to external affairs minister (sushma swaraj) in this regard, chowdhury said.
watch video: whats making newschowdhury urged chief minister mamata banerjee to use her cordial relationship with bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina to address the issue.
everyone knows that chief minister mamata shares a cordial relationship with hasina.
so far we have not heard an active response from her, he said.
in spite of sharing a cordial relationship, chowdhury said it was disconcerting that the state government is unconcerned and passive over the rising attacks on hindu minorities in the neighbouring country.
people in bangladesh are voicing their concerns and we too share that.
we have full faith in the sheikh hasina government effectively tackling the issue the chief minister has remained unconcerned in the matter, the congress mp said.
he added that india too faced a similar communal threat in the form of the bjp.
much like bangladesh, communal forces are rising in india as well.
while the entire bjp wants to have a congress-free india, a section of the party, wants to create a muslim-free india.
this is a matter of grave concern for us and the people of india, chowdhury said.
b'sushma swaraj (left) with chinas foreign minister wang yi.
(source: meaindia/twitter) sushmaswaraj swaraj (left) with chinas foreign minister wang yi.
(source: meaindia/twitter)india and china today agreed to resume the kailash mansarovar yatra through the natha lu route in sikkim, ministry of external affairs today said, 10 months after the pilgrimage was stopped following the doklam standoff.
the decision was made during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi here.
we are also happy that the kailash mansarovar yatra through the nathu la route will be resumed this year.
read | pm modi to visit china on april 27-28 for summit talks with president xi jinpingthe yatra was stopped by china in the aftermath of the military face-off with india last year at doklam.
the yatra, which holds religious value, cultural significance, is undertaken by hundreds of people every year.
(express photo) the yatra, which holds religious value, cultural significance, is undertaken by hundreds of people every year.
(express photo)the standoff began on june 16 after the indian troops intervened and stopped the chinese army from building a road in the area claimed by bhutan as it posed a security risk to chicken neck, the narrow corridor connecting india with its north-eastern states.
finally, the two armies disengaged on august 28.
ministry of external affairs organises the yatra from june to september each year through two different routes  lipulekh pass (uttarakhand) and nathu la pass (sikkim).
also read | sushmaswaraj swaraj in china: pm modis call to xi spurred positive momentum for dialogue, says wang yithe yatra, which holds religious value, cultural significance, is undertaken by hundreds of people every year.
holding significance for hindus as the abode of lord shiva, it holds religious importance also for the jains and the buddhists.
it is open to eligible indian citizens,holding valid indian passports, who wish to proceed to kailash-manasarovar for religious purposes.
b'congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj claiming that india will be able to convince china on the issue, underlines the failure since there is admission of failure on her part.
congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj claiming that india will be able to convince china on the issue, underlines the failure since there is admission of failure on her part.
india has been saved of a horrible insult at the nsg as it could have been much worse than what happened there, congress said.
congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj claiming that india will be able to convince china on the issue, underlines the failure since there is admission of failure on her part.
he also said his party would support the government if it does hard diplomacy and not credit everything to prime minister narendra modi.
watch video: whats making newsi think india has been saved of a horrible insult, it could have been much worse, he said, adding that india should have gone to nsg with 100 per cent plus preparation.
she (swaraj) told that government will be able to convince china.
on the contrary, i think what you have quoted which is very important underlines the failure  there is an admission of failure, he said.
singhvi also said, we will support the government if it does hard diplomacy, we will be the happiest, but if the object is to say just before the pm reaches there, he has achieved this, then it will never work.
he said the object has to be hard-nosed, ground leveled diplomacy and not to project the pm as the ultimate magical button.
first and foremost, it is moot question whether without 105 per cent preparation; we should have at all sought nsg membership at this stage.
that is a larger debate that we had earlier.
non formal membership has caused us no prejudice with the kind of effective diplomacy done by the manmohan singh government.
i certainly agree that we should be member of the nsg but only after 100 plus per cent preparations, he said.
he said if india is now trying to convince china on the issue, it is like you are not trying to close the stable doors after the horses are bolted.
singhvi said india should have done this homework well before it applied for nsg.
that is the meaning of quiet diplomacy not event management, not optics, he said, asking what about the other countries which are more friendly to you than china that never gave the unqualified and unambiguous approval and were having ifs and buts.
bjp vice president mukhtar abbas naqvi.
bjp on tuesday asked former prime minister manmohan singh and the congress to answer allegations of improper compromises by three ex-cjis during upa rule, saying the matter was unfortunate.
former prime minister manmohan singh and congress should come forward and answer the allegations of how different constitutional bodies, including the judiciary, were misused for political reasons.
it is unfortunate and a matter of serious concern, bjp vice president mukhtar abbas naqvi said.
he said congress and corruption are made for each other and the jugglery of judicial appointments made by upa is another example of how the congress misused constitutional bodies.
former supreme court judge markandey katju, now chairman of press council of india, had yesterday triggered a controversy by alleging that three ex-chief justices of india made improper compromises during upa rule in allowing a judge in tamil nadu under corruption cloud to continue in office.
the bjp mps, who met in the central hall of parliament at a meeting of bjp parliamentary party chaired by prime minister and leader of the party narendra modi, also lauded his role for effectively raising indias concerns at the just-concluded brics summit in brazil.
the party leaders also congratulated the prime minister for getting india the leadership of the brics bank.
finance minister arun jaitley also lauded external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs statement on the gaza situation made in rajya sabha on monday.
the party also decided to hold a week-long training camp for personal assistants of bjp mps in rambhau parbodhini in mumbai.
b'the tanzanian student alleged that she was stripped and forced to walk naked in public by a mob that went on a rampage and set fire to her car after a road accident.
the tanzanian student alleged that she was stripped and forced to walk naked in public by a mob that went on a rampage and set fire to her car after a road accident.
the bengaluru city police arrested five people a day after a tanzanian student filed a complaint accusing a mob of stripping her and forcing her to walk without her top on the street, news agency ani reported.
the alleged incident took place following a road accident earlier in the day, when a car driven by a sudanese medical student hit a local resident, 35-year-old sabeen taj, who died in the accident, while her husband sanuallah sustained injuries.
the complaint was filed on january 31.
according to the womans complaint, a mob gathered that night and set on fire the sudanese students car, as well as a car in which the tanzanian student was travelling.
while the tanzanian student had not made allegations of being stripped by the mob in the complaint filed on sunday, she did so on wednesday, when police summoned her following media reports of the alleged incident.
she alleged in her statement that her top was removed by the mob, police said.
karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah termed the incident shocking and said a report has been sent to the foreign ministry.
tanzanian high commissioner john kijazi told ani that the indian government has assured action over the matter.
the incident took place at ganapathinagar in north bengaluru, where a number of african students live and study at local colleges.
following the incident, the tanzanian woman, a student of acharya college in soladevanahalli, informed an association of african students that she was stripped and forced to walk half-naked in public by the mob.
she also alleged that a police constable present at the scene remained a mute spectator.
modi, erdogan in new delhi on monday.
renuka puri modi, erdogan in new delhi on monday.
renuka puria day after turkeys president recep tayyip erdogan advocated a multilateral dialogue to settle the jammu and kashmir question, prime minister narendra modi on monday said that both sides have agreed to work together to strengthen cooperation bilaterally and multilaterally to effectively counter terrorism.
while kashmir was not mentioned in the prepared statements by either modi or erdogan, india drew the red line that kashmir is a bilateral issue between india and pakistan and that it sees the dispute through the prism of cross-border and state-sponsored terrorism being perpetrated by pakistan in the valley.
asked if erdogan mentioned mediation on j&k during his meeting with modi, mea spokesperson gopal baglay said: our position is very clear and it was mentioned to them that kashmir is an integral part of india.
terrorism was discussed in detail and they were told that in kashmir, we have been victims of cross-border and state-sponsored terrorism.
we have been ready to talk to pakistan bilaterally on not just kashmir but also terrorism and other outstanding issues.
and we are ready to hold talks on kashmir bilaterally, as stipulated in shimla agreement and lahore declaration.
asked what the turkish presidents response, he said, they listened very carefully with care and attention.
after the bilateral talks, which lasted over two hours, erdogan condemned the naxal attack on crpf personnel on april 24 in sukma and terrorism, but did not mention kashmir or the attacks in j&k.
i wholeheartedly condemn the attack in sukma.
we can relate to your pain and suffering, he said.
the only veiled reference to kashmir and pakistan was when modi said, we also shared perspectives on developments in our region.
erdogan said india would always have turkeys full solidarity in the fight against terrorism.
he said terrorist organisations want to launch their propaganda over the suffering of people and are willing to create a future for themselves out of their victims pain  a reference to fethullah gulens organisations.
we live in times where our societies face new threats and challenges every day.
the context and contours of some of the existing and emerging security challenges globally is our common concern, said modi.
in particular, the constantly evolving threat from terrorism is our shared worry.
i held an extensive conversation with the president on this subject.
we agreed that no intent or goal, no reason or rationale can validate terrorism.
the nations of the world, therefore, need to work as one to disrupt the terrorist networks and their financing and put a stop to cross-border movement of terrorists.
they also need to stand and act against those that conceive and create, support and sustain, shelter and spread these instruments and ideologies of violence.
the president and i agreed to work together to strengthen our cooperation, both bilaterally and multi-laterally, to effectively counter this menace, said modi, trying to make a point about the role of pakistan, turkeys close ally, in cross-border terrorism in india.
according to the joint statement issued on monday, the two leaders reiterated their strong condemnation of and resolute opposition to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, wherever committed and by whomever and declared that there could be no justification for terrorism anywhere.
both sides urged all countries and entities to work sincerely to disrupt terrorist networks and their financing, and stop cross-border movement of terrorists.
the statement also said that both leaders strongly condemned the use of double standards in addressing the menace of terrorism and agreed to strengthen cooperation in combating terrorism both at the bilateral level and within the multilateral system.
in this regard, they called for early conclusion of negotiations on the comprehensive convention on international terrorism.
the contentious issue of turkeys support to both india and pakistan for membership of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) was also not mentioned by either of the leaders.
while turkey has insisted on a criteria-based approach  much like china  it is one of the few countries to draw an equivalence between india and pakistans nsg applications.
in this regard, there was no signal of support to india on nsg in the joint statement.
modi thanked erdogan for turkeys support for indias membership of the mtcr and applications to join the nuclear suppliers group and wassenaar arrangement.
erdogan also raised the issue of alleged gulenist presence in india.
i know india will take necessary measures to expel feto from her territory once and for all, he said, with modi listening in.
while the turkish side has been raising the issue since last july, indian officials have said they have noted their concerns but have not acted on it so far.
as far as turkish concerns of feto they were mentioned to us.
any organisation in india, whether indian or foreign, has to work within the parameters of our law and norms and regulation, said baglay.
the two sides also discussed economic ties.
the two leaders have set a target of us $10 billion, up from the existing us $6 billion, by 2020.
president (erdogan) and i are clear that the strength of our economies presents an enormous opportunity to expand and deepen commercial linkages between our countries.
i also feel that at the level of the two governments, we need to approach the entire landscape of business opportunities in a strategic and long-term manner.
our bilateral trade turnover of around $6 billion does not do full justice to convergences in our economies.
clearly, the business and industry on both sides can do much more, said modi.
modi said they discussed the need for comprehensive un reforms, including expansion of the security council to make the body more representative, accountable and effective.
both of us recognise the need for the un security council to reflect the world of the 21st century and not of the century gone by, he said.
the two sides signed three pacts on culture, training and information technology.
erdogan also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, vice president hamid ansari and was hosted by president pranab mukherjee for a banquet.
the protest by residents at pari chowk.
gajendra yadav the protest by residents at pari chowk.
gajendra yadavas many as four africans were beaten up in greater noidas pari chowk area during a candlelight march for a 17-year-old boy who died on saturday evening.
according to police, the class xii student had allegedly died of a drug overdose, following which his family accused their five nigerian neighbours of murder and demanded their arrest.
police said around 7 pm, four africans who were near ansal plaza in pari chowk area were attacked by residents while the windscreen of one of their cars was smashed.
dharmendra singh, ssp gautam buddha nagar, said, the protest had been taken out by residents of the area to demand the arrest of the five nigerians for the death of the class xii student.
a section of those gathered in the area, however, attacked some africans.
we have video recordings of the entire protest and attack.
around five people who could be seen attacking them have been picked up.
an fir is being registered and we are identifying those behind the incident.
meanwhile, an association of african students residing in the area issued alerts to the community, asking them to stay inside.
all african students residing in greater noida and its environs are hereby requested to stay at home for their safety as there is a serious mob attack against african students living there, read a message from the association of african students in india.
police said heavy security has been deployed in the area to prevent any untoward incident.
police personnel have been deployed in various parts of greater noida, especially areas where africans reside.
strict action will be taken against anyone who tries to attack any community.
section 144 has already been imposed.
more people who were part of the attack are being identified and they are likely to be arrested tonight.
a couple of those arrested so far are residents of nsg society, sujata singh, sp (rural), gautam buddha nagar, said.
samuel jack, president of association of african students in india, said, students have been attacked, their cars damaged.
there are at least five such cases.
most of them are students from nigeria.
some of them have been taken to a private hospital, one girl cannot be traced.
we are afraid that she might have been kidnapped.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, i have asked for a report from government of uttar pradesh about the reported attack on african students in noida.
at 7.
30 pm on friday, the class xii student, manish khari, was seen walking outside his residence at nsg society in greater noida.
till 9.
30 am the next day, khari could not be found.
in the meantime, his family approached police and filed a complaint alleging that five nigerians  residing two houses away from them  had kidnapped and eaten their son.
police sources said around 9.
30 am on saturday, kharis father was at kasna police station when he came to know that his son had reached home.
however, an hour later, khari was rushed to a private hospital where he died late saturday afternoon.
the family alleged that he had been given drugs by their nigerian neighbours.
the postmortem report maintains that the cause of death is uncertain and his viscera has been sent to a forensic lab in agra for examination, the sp (rural) said.
meanwhile, on the basis of the familys complaint, an fir was lodged against five nigerians under ipc sections 302 (punishment for murder) and 328 (causing hurt by means of poison, etc.
, with intent to commit an offence).
an fir has been registered and an investigation is being carried out.
the family and residents of the area had come to us, demanding that the nigerian neighbours be arrested.
however, no evidence has been found against them till now, singh added.
b'mos external affairs general v.k. singh (file) mos external affairs general v.k. singh (file)the government is awaiting baghdads approval to bring back the body of 39 indians killed in iraq as the legal procedures of obtaining the mortal remains has been completed, minister of state for external affairs v k singh told ani.
as soon as we get a nod from baghdad ambassador, we will leave with a c-17 plane to bring back the mortal remains with due honours.
we will handover the mortal remains to their families.
they will not have to come to the airport, v k singh told ani.
singh is scheduled to leave for iraq on april 1 to retreive the bodies.
after visiting baghdad to retrieve the bodies, we will then fly to amritsar, where we will hand over the bodies of 27 people from punjab and four bodies from himachal pradesh to the families there.
then, we will go to kolkata to handover the two bodies there.
and in patna, we will hand over the remaining bodies, he further explained.
on march 20, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed the rajya sabha that 39 indian nationals, most of whom hailed from punjab were kidnapped and killed by islamic state (is) in iraqs mosul.
as libyas capital tripoli continues to be hit by violence, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday said that more than 500 indians are stuck there and suggested that they leave the city immediately.
advertisingthe minister said that if the indians stranded in the libyan capital do not leave immediately, then it may not be possible to evacuate them later.
read | what is happening in libya?
more than 200 people were killed in tripoli in the last two weeks since renegade libyan military commander khalifa haftars troops launched a strike to oust un-backed prime minister fayez al-sarraj from power.
swaraj tweeted, even after massive evacuation from libya and the travel ban, there are over 500 indian nationals in tripoli.
the situation in tripoli is deteriorating fast.
presently, flights are operational, she tweeted.
pls ask your relatives and friends to leave tripoli immediately.
we will not be able to evacuate them later.
resulting from years long civil conflict, libya has no single government currently.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses a press conference over the death of 39 indians who were kidnapped in iraq.
(source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses a press conference over the death of 39 indians who were kidnapped in iraq.
(source: pti)the family of gobinder singh, one of the 39 indians massacred by terror group isis in iraq, find themselves a shattered lot.
despite gobinder singhs disappearance years ago, they were hopeful that one day he would walk back through the entrance of their residence in murar village in kapurthala district where he is survived by a 19-year-old son and a 17-year-old daughter.
he left home and went to iraq in 2014 to earn money for the family.
he wanted his son amandeep to study and become an engineer, said a grieving davinder singh, younger brother of the deceased.
gobinder singh worked as a labourer in a factory here before moving to iraq, he said.
the news of gobinders death has left our family completely shattered, said davinder adding we were hoping that one day he may return.
the family came to know about gobinder singhs death from news channels.
we have not received yet received any call from the union ministry about the confirmation of the death of 39 indians, said davinder singh.
the government had earlier said there was no concrete evidence that 39 indians abducted from mosul in iraq had been killed, he added.
the financial position of the family was not good and gobinder singhs son had to leave school.
amandeep now works in a local factory to support the family, said davinder singh.
we request the government to announce financial help and give a government job to the son of gobinder singh so that he can take care of his family, said davinder singh.
the family of gobinder singh had earlier met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj several times.
we met the union minister 12 times but every time we were told the 39 indians were alive, he claimed.
but we did not know that what harjit masih (lone survivor) used to say would turn out to be true, he said.
among the 39 indians who went missing, most were from different places in punjab like amritsar, gurdaspur, hoshiarpur, kapurthala and jalandhar.
b'the issue is also likely to be raised during the un general assembly scheduled for later this month in new york.
the issue is also likely to be raised during the un general assembly scheduled for later this month in new york.
india on thursday said it will continue to raise the balochistan issue as long as repression and violation of the fundamental rights of balochis exist.
the statement came a day after india for the first time raised the issue of balochistan before the un, accusing pakistan of widespread human rights violations there as well as in pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok).
the issue is also likely to be raised during the un general assembly scheduled for later this month in new york.
the indian delegation to the 71st session of the unga will be led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and she is scheduled to deliver her address on september 26.
asked if india will continue to raise issue of balochistan, mea spokesperson vikas swarup said, till repression exists in balochistan, till fundemental rights of citizens there are violated, india will raise this issue.
indias ambassador and permanent representative at the un in geneva ajit kumar said while indias credentials as a peaceful, democratic, pluralistic society that is deeply committed to the welfare of its people are well established, pakistan is characterised by authoritarianism, absence of democratic norms and widespread human rights violations across the country including in balochistan.
b'pm narendra modi and us president donald trump.
(source: reuters/file) pm narendra modi and us president donald trump.
(source: reuters/file)the india-us two-plus-two meeting has been postponed as of now due to uncertainty over confirmation of nomination of mike pompeo, as the new secretary of state, according to officials.
the first two-plus-two meeting between india and the us was tentatively scheduled for april 18-19.
the launch of two-plus-two dialogue was announced last summer when prime minister narendra modi had a successful meeting with us president donald trump at the white house.
however, there was no official announcement of the high-level dialogue involving the foreign and defence ministers from the two countries.
indias foreign and defence secretaries were in washington early this week for preparatory talks with their american counterparts.
the indian delegation landed in washington dc amidst the firing of rex tillerson as the secretary of state by trump.
the delegation continued with their meetings both at the state department and the pentagon as scheduled, during which it was decided to hold the two-plus-two dialogue at a later date, which is unlikely to be held before the summer.
the two-plus-two dialogue was seen as a vehicle to elevate the strategic relationship between the two countries.
after june last year, the two countries have tried at several other dates for this dialogue including sometime in november and december.
officials also checked for a time in january this year, but both sides were having a tough time in finding a day when all the four leaders - external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister nirmala sitharaman from india and defense secretary jim mattis and the fired secretary of state rex tillerson, were available.
it was finally in february this year that two-days in mid-april was zeroed in for the talks.
however, the plans had to be scuttled as on march 13, trump announced that tillerson has been fired and he nominated pompeo, who is currently the cia director, to replace him as the secretary of state.
pompeo needs to be confirmed by the senate.
spring recess of the congress begins on march 22 and lawmakers would resume their legislative business on april 2.
the senate foreign relations committee, which hold the confirmation hearing, has not scheduled it on its calendar yet.
once pompeos nomination process breezes through this committee then it would go to the senate floor for a vote.
given the sharp differences between the republicans and the democrats in the senate, officials decided not to take any chance by going ahead with the mid-april date for the two-plus-two talks.
thus, it has been postponed for now, an informed us official said.
the official quickly pointed that this would have no impact on the bilateral relationship as the meetings this week by the foreign and defence secretaries decided to continue with their agenda.
the new dates will now be determined after pompeo occupies the foggy bottom headquarters of the state department and settles down as the top american diplomat.
mea sushmaswaraj welcomed by the foreign minister of mongolia damdin tsogtbaatar ahead of the 6th india-mongolia joint committee meeting.
(source: twitter/@meaindia) mea sushmaswaraj welcomed by the foreign minister of mongolia damdin tsogtbaatar ahead of the 6th india-mongolia joint committee meeting.
(source: twitter/@meaindia)india and mongolia on wednesday discussed economic cooperation in areas such as infrastructure development, energy, services and it and agreed to explore possibility of launching direct air connectivity between new delhi and the mongolian capital ulaanbaatar.
during the indian-mongolia joint committee on cooperation, the two sides discussed pressing global challenges, particularly the scourge of terrorism and agreed to collaborate bilaterally and in international arena to thwart the designs of those who extend support to terrorist outfits.
the two sides also reviewed the progress in the ongoing collaborative projects, including the refinery project selected by the government of mongolia for implementation with the support of usd one billion indian line of credit.
we directed our officials to coordinate follow up action on each side for the expeditious implementation of these projects.
our strong political ties must be complemented by commensurate levels of trade, economy and investment, she said.
today, india has emerged as one of the fastest growing large economies in the world.
with its rich natural resources and strong aspiration for development, mongolia can be an important partner in indias growth story, she said.
she said mongolia is not only indias strategic partner but also a spiritual neighbour.
we share long historical links.
mongolia is well known in india for the valour of her kings and her strong buddhist heritage.
india was among the first countries, outside the erstwhile communist bloc, to establish diplomatic relations with mongolia, she said.
this is reflected in our widening and deepening strategic partnership today, based on the common ideals of democracy and freedom, and enriched by mutual respect and trust.
she said prime minister narendra modis historic visit in 2015, the first ever by an indian prime minister to mongolia, provided a fresh impetus to the bilateral relations and qualitatively raised the level of the engagement.
we also agreed that we should make all efforts to maintain and accelerate the momentum of our interaction in all areas.
she said that in tandem with the countries ever growing engagement, india and mongolai will have more frequent visits now on at foreign ministers level.
calling upon the mongolian business community to seize economic opportunities arising out of indias growth, she said the two countries have agreed to remove institutional and logistical impediments to boost trade, tourism and people to people contacts.
in this regard, we also agreed to explore possibility of launching direct air connectivity between our two capitals, she said.
in the meeting, they discussed economic cooperation in areas such as infrastructure development, energy, services and it.
she said that india is committed for capacity building programmes for the people of mongolia, including in areas such as, training in english language and it.
she said india looks forward to more students from mongolia visiting the country for pursuing vocational education and training under the indian technical and economic cooperation programme, also known as itec, and through scholarships offered by the indian council of cultural relations.
we would encourage students from mongolia to pursue studies in indian art, music and culture which would further reinforce our cultural links, she said.
in view of the two countries common buddhist heritage, she said, india also encourage students from mongolia to visit the country for further study and research in the field of buddhist studies.
swaraj will participate in a special event to commemorate the birth centenary of the venerable 19th kushok bakula rinpoche, who was not only an eminent buddhist leader, but also the longest serving ambassador of india to mongolia.
the event will mark his contribution to the promotion of buddhism in mongolia and to the deepening of civilizational and spiritual bonds between the two countries.
she said india and mongolia share a bond of peace through buddhism.
as we tread the path of developing our partnership; i am sure, the teachings of lord buddha will continue to guide us, she said.
india and mongolia have close cooperation in trade and economy, science, health, agriculture, culture, education, communication and tourism.
the two countries are also working closely to ensure security and curbing international crimes and terrorism.
the total trade between the two countries amounted to usd 25.
6 million in 2016.
congress leader digvijaya singh,who had described sushmaswaraj swaraj as a better pm candidate than narendra modi,on monday asked her to give him some lessons in history,saying he is lacking in ideas and steals congress slogans.
he also thanked swaraj for her barb that she also thinks that digvijaya singh is a better candidate than rahul gandhi.
thanks sushmaji for paying me a compliment on a day when i called modi a megalomaniac psychopath liar!
give him some lessons in history!
singh commented on twitter.
launching a strong attack against modi on sunday,singh had wondered why bjp cannot field a better leader like sushmaswaraj swaraj as its prime ministerial candidate.
swaraj,however,was quick to dismiss singhs comments with the retort,even i think digvijaya singhji is a better candidate than rahul gandhi.
last year also when digvijaya singh had said that it was swarajs right to be seen as a contender for the prime ministers chair,the bjp leader had dismissed his remarks,saying singh had an old habit of creating disputes.
the congress general secretary,a known detractor of modi,also hit out at the bjps prime ministerial candidate saying he is lacking in ideas and steals the slogan of congress.
modi lacking in ideas.
steals congress slogan of garibi hatao 1971 vintage!
would he explain why families under bpl have increased in gujarat, he tweeted a day after modis rally in patna in which the gujarat chief minister had made a strong pitch for removal of poverty.
i want to ask poor muslim brothers whether they want to quarrel with poor hindus or fight against poverty.
i want to ask poor hindus whether their concern is disputes with poor muslims or the fight against poverty.
a poor hindu has to fight against poverty and a poor muslim also has to fight against poverty.
lets defeat poverty together, modi had said at hunkar rally in patna on sunday.
prime minister narendra modi was invited by us president donald trump.
(file photo) prime minister narendra modi was invited by us president donald trump.
(file photo)prime minister narendra modi is scheduled to arrive in washington dc on june 25 and hold talks with president donald trump, the ministry of external affairs said on monday.
this will be his first visit to the us after trump became president earlier this year.
contentious issues such as the paris climate change agreement and h1-b visa are likely to figure in the talks between the two leaders.
announcing the visit from june 25, the external affairs ministry today said the modi-trump discussions will provide a new direction for deeper bilateral engagement.
this will be the first meeting between the two leaders, the ministry added.
prime minister will hold official talks with presidenttrump on june 26.
their discussions will provide a new direction for deeper bilateral engagement on issues of mutual interest and consolidation of multi-dimensional strategic partnership between india and the us, the ministry said.
trump recently pulled us out of the paris accord, accusing india of receiving billions of dollars in exchange for signing it.
india hit back saying there was no truth in trumps claims.
first of all, there is absolutely no reality.
india signed the paris agreement not because of pressure from any country nor greed.
trumps america first policy has also put a considerable strain on indian tech companies earnings.
the trump administration is also looking to put a cap on the h1-b work visa, there by putting thousands of indian engineers at risk of losing their jobs.
back in march, us president donald trump said he was looking forward to host the prime minister.
the white house, in a statement, said that trump called pm modi to congratulate him on the bjps success in the state assembly elections.
president donald j. trump spoke with prime minister narendra modi of india to congratulate him on the outcome of indias recent state-level elections.
president trump expressed support for the prime ministers economic reform agenda and emphasized his great respect for the people of india.
president trump also said he looks forward to hosting prime minister modi in washington later this year, the white house readout said.
last week, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi had said that the nri marriages would need to be registered within 48 hours.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) last week, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi had said that the nri marriages would need to be registered within 48 hours.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)all nri marriages solemnised in india would need to be registered within seven days, the ministry of women and child development said on thursday.
if the nri marriages are not registered within seven days, the passports and visas would not be issued.
last week, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi had said that the nri marriages would need to be registered within 48 hours.
the decision for mandatory registration of marriages within seven days was taken yesterday after a group of ministers  gandhi, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and law minister ravi shankar prasad, met to map out legal solutions for redressing the issues faced by women in nri marriages.
officials at the ministry said that the discussions were held for enumerating fine details on ways to resolve the issues related to nri marriages.
another proposal discussed was holding the properties of nri offenders in escrow in case they abscond abandoning their spouse.
escrow is a legal concept in which a financial instrument or an asset is held by a third party on behalf of two other parties that are in the process of completing a transaction.
the official said the move would require amendment of three legislations- code of criminal procedure, marriage act and the passports act.
the three ministries were asked to formulate a draft legal amendments to give effect to decisions taken at the meeting.
as of now, there is no time frame to register marriages in india.
however, a law commission report has recommended that the time limit to register marriages should be restricted to 30 days after which a penalty of rs 5 per day could be imposed.
the ministry had earlier constituted an integrated nodal agency (ina) with representatives from the ministries of external affairs, home affairs and law and justice to look into matrimonial disputes involving non-resident indians (nri).
according to the recommendation of the national commission for women (ncw) and the decisions taken in the ina, look-out circulars are issued as per criteria defined by the mha, for keeping a watch on arrival or departure of nri husbands and preventing them from leaving india, the ministry had said.
b'union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
express photo by tashi tobgyal union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
express photo by tashi tobgyalamid continued tensions with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday profusely thanked the pakistani establishment and judiciary for facilitating indian citizen uzma ahmeds return.
she said though there is tension between the two neighbours, the pakistan foreign office and the home ministry played a key role in her return.
swaraj had words of praise for uzmas counsel barrister shahnawaz and justice mohsin akhtar kiyani of the islamabad high court.
she said while the counsel treated uzma as his child, the judge dealt with the case on humanitarian grounds and not through the prism of india-pakistan relations as some people wanted him to.
uzma, a delhi woman, who had said she was forced to marry a man at gunpoint, returned home earlier in the day.
the minister also thanked officials of the indian high commission in islamabad, especially deputy high commissioner j p singh.
as the visiting us secretary of state michael r pompeo meets prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister subrahmanyam jaishankar on wednesday, new delhi will stay firm on the s-400 deal with russia and seek waiver under the us law.
advertisingjaishankar and pompeo will prepare the groundwork for the prime ministers meeting with us president donald trump on the sidelines of the g-20 summit in osaka.
though the timing has not been finalised yet, it is likely to be held on june 28.
jaishankar is scheduled to accompany the prime minister for the g-20 summit, just like pompeo will join trump in japan.
this is a departure from the past, as then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did not accompany the pm on his overseas visits.
both jaishankar and pompeo are likely to be present at the modi-trump meeting.
jaishankar, who will be meeting his american counterpart pompeo for the first time, is also likely to counsel the us interlocutor that both us and iran should de-escalate the situation, diplomatic sources said.
advertisingjaishankar and pompeo are likely to broadly discuss the friction over trade, but sources said that since the two ministers are not in-charge of the trade portfolio, they will leave the specific and detailed discussions to be carried out by commerce ministers from both sides.
so, the issues related to data localisation, e-commerce and concerns over the 5g and huawei will be dealt separately by the concerned ministries.
explained chance to mend india-us ties us secretary of state michael r pompeos visit to india will be the modi governments first opportunity to discuss issues of concern, from trade to defence, terrorism to visas.
external affairs minister s jaishankars first test will be to bring the indo-us ties back on track, and the fact that he will accompany the pm for the japan visit signals the trust he has earned.
speaking to reporters in gandhinagar, jaishankar said: we will definitely discuss issues related to trade between the two countries both the countries have their own interests sometimes, there could be some dispute because of that.
diplomacy is about finding a common ground and that will be our attempt.
we will hold talks with a positive approach.
during pompeos visit, no mous or agreements are expected to be signed, but sources said the two sides have made considerable progress on the industrial security annex agreement.
last year, after the india-us 2+2 talks, both sides announced their readiness to begin negotiations on the industrial security annex (isa) that would support closer defence industry cooperation and collaboration.
however, sources said new delhis longstanding defence relationship with moscow cannot be wished away, and india feels that it qualifies for a waiver under the caatsa (countering americas adversaries through sanctions act).
the s-400 triumf air defence system deal, which is valued at over $5 billion, was signed last year.
according to sources, the meeting between jaishankar and pompeo is being looked at as a getting to know each other kind of a meeting.
sources said jaishankar and pompeo will not be looking at resolving issues, but at achieving a common understanding on how to proceed ahead so that they can manage their differences and build on their convergences.
fighting cross-border terrorism will be high on the agenda of the two ministers, sources said.
the regional situation, including the developments in afghanistan, will also find space in the discussions.
pompeo is also likely to call on modi at his residence, and will make a policy speech on wednesday evening.
he will meet the business community in india, before he leaves for osaka on thursday morning.
modi, accompanied by jaishankar, will leave for japan on wednesday night.
india tuesday told iran that a decision on importing oil will be taken after the elections, and after weighing factors including commercial consideration,energy security and economic interests, sources said.
while delhi has previously maintained that commercial, economic and energy security factors will determine its decision, but this is the first time it has left the decision to the next government that comes to office after may 23.
advertisingthis was conveyed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to visiting iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif at their meeting tuesday.
zarif, who reached delhi late monday night, has already been to russia, china, turkmenistan, and iraq over the last few days.
his visit comes in the backdrop of rising tensions between iran and the us, and the crisis in the persian gulf.
after the bilateral meeting with swaraj, zarif tweeted: just had excellent talks in turkmenistan and india.
those who actually live in our fragile neighborhood have a real national security interest in promoting peace, stability, cooperation and connectivity.
iran remains a most accessible, efficient, sustainable and secure partner.
explained challenge for delhi is securing supply line the sudden visit by the iranian foreign minister is to secure support for tehran in its tussle with washington.
while delhi has left the decision on oil imports to the next government, it will have to secure alternate supply sources to mitigate the adverse economic fallout due to the disruption.
with the us ending sanctions exemption to india for importing iran oil after may 1, zarifs trip came three weeks after president donald trump decided to squeeze iran, announcing that the us will no longer grant sanctions exemption to irans oil customers.
the end of the waiver means india cannot import oil from iran, or else its state-owned or private entities will face us sanctions.
advertisingsources said the visit of iranian foreign minister took place at his own initiative to brief the indian side on the iranian approach to the recent developments in the region, including on the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), and to review bilateral cooperation.
the us withdrawal of the jcpoa was announced in may 2018, and all countries were given six months till november to bring down oil imports to zero.
president trump abandoned the landmark deal between the p-5+1 countries and iran, a move which was criticised and opposed by the remaining signatories to the pact  uk, france, germany, china and russia, and iran.
simply put: why iran ministers visit mattersin november, washington gave a six-month waiver to eight countries, including india, to bring down oil imports to zero.
a source said zarif recalled the steps announced by iranian president hassan rouhani on may 8, including decisions linked to the export of enriched material and heavy water.
he also mentioned that a 60-day timeline has been given to eu-3 and other parties to jcpoa for restoring the oil and banking channels, the source said.
this indicates it is willing to negotiate with american interlocutors on the issue.
sources said swaraj conveyed to zarif that india would like all parties to the agreement to continue to fulfil their commitments and all parties should engage constructively and resolve all issues peacefully and through dialogue.
on the crucial and strategic chabahar port in iran, sources said both sides expressed satisfaction at the operationalization of the interim contract on the chabahar port between india ports global limited (ipgl) and ports and maritime organization (pmo).
both sides shared their views on the situation in afghanistan and agreed to maintain close coordination on the evolving situation, sources said.
the official spokesperson of the ministry of external affairs, raveesh kumar, said swaraj held constructive discussions with zarif on all bilateral issues of mutual interests.
eam @sushmaswaraj and iranian foreign minister @jzarif held constructive discussions on all bilateral issues of mutual interest.
good exchange of views on the evolving regional situation, including afghanistan, kumar tweeted.
this is zarifs second visit in 2019  he had come to india in january this year, and had met the indian leadership.
the us pressure on india has been relentless these past few weeks.
early april, washington conveyed to delhi that it has stood by india on the issue of terrorism after the pulwama attack and expects reciprocity, when it comes to the trump administrations commitment to disrupt tehrans terror network.
the us led the move at the united nations security council to list jaish-e-mohammad chief masood azhar as a global terrorist, and had got an assurance from the indian government on this issue during the complex web of give-and-take that led to his listing may 1.
india, which is the second biggest buyer of iranian oil after china, was pushed by the us to restrict its monthly purchase to 1.
25 million tonne or 15 million tonne in a year (300,000 barrel per day), down from 22.
6 million tonne (452,000 barrel per day) bought in financial year 2017-18, according to sources.
while india had pushed back last year during the indo-us 2+2 talks, citing adverse impact on its economy and the inflationary fallout it would have, its response was somewhat muted after the trump administration decided last month to end the waiver.
advertisingindia is the worlds third-largest consumer of oil, with 85 per cent of its crude oil and 34 per cent of its natural gas requirements being fulfilled by imports.
in 2016, india imported 215 million tonnes of crude oil and at 13 per cent, iran stood third among indias biggest oil suppliers, after saudi arabia and iraq at 18 per cent each.
baloch leaders condemn pakistan for sentencing kulbhushan jadhav to death.
(source: ani) baloch leaders condemn pakistan for sentencing kulbhushan jadhav to death.
(source: ani)baloch leaders on thursday condemned pakistans decision to sentence kulbhushan jadhav to death.
terming the execution order inhuman and illegal, baloch republican party (brp) member ashraf sherjan told news agency ani that pakistan is committing a crime by sentencing kulbhushan jadhav to death.
the leader has urged prime minister narendra modi to do everything possible in order to save jadhavs life.
sherjan also accused pakistan of indulging in a fake propaganda by claiming jadhav has terrorism connections in balochistan.
a military court in pakistan had sentenced jadhav to death on charges of espionage.
india has strongly retaliated to the sentencing, accusing that consular officers were denied access to jadhav during his trial.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday had warned that islamabad should reconsider its decision as extreme steps like this could prove fatal in hampering the bilateral ties between the two hostile neighbours.
in a statement to ani, sherjan said, no spies can take their national id card and work as a spy with spy agencies but pakistan is doing this to label kulbushan jadhav involved in balochistan activities totally a fake propaganda.
the leader also asked pakistan to bring jadhav to the international court, if he has any connection with terrorism activities in balochistan.
he also added, that pakistan doesnt have the right to give death sentence to indian citizens, or any non-pakistani residents.
just last month, pakistan tried via interpol brahamdagh khan bugti which totally failed then later few weeks ago when abdul bugti was delivering his speech at un, pakistan and china both tried to stop him and over there also pakistan failed, he said.
also read: govt likely considering high-value prisoner swap to get kulbhushan jadhav backthe leader also said, so, all pakistans attempts on baloch leaders are failing now and they have now brought kulbhushan jadhav who is an innocent indian citizen.
so thats why im requesting prime minister narendra modi and rest of the indian leaders to save the life of kulbhushan jadhav.
meanwhile, the balochistan representative at the united nations human rights council (unhrc) mehran marri termed the execution sentence given to jadhav as extra judicial killing and a premeditated murder.
taking a dig at pakistan, the official said for over 70 years the pakistan government has been carrying out pre-meditative murder and extra judicial killing in balochistan.
the official said, pakistan is forgetting that jadhav is not a baloch, he is from india, he has is got a backing of a very strong country and india will give befitting reply to pakistan.
also read: kulbhushan jadhav issue: nawaz sharif, pakistan army chief decide not to bow to indias pressuremarri also appreciated the comment of veteran indian leader subramanian swamy, who had earlier said that if pakistan continues with the execution that india shall recognise balochistan as an independent sovereign country.
the official also thanked swamy for his comment.
jadhav was arrested by the pakistani authority in march 2016, for his involvement in espionage and sabotage activities against pakistan, according to a statement released by the pakistan armed forces.
the statement mentioned that jadhav has confessed that he was assigned by research and analysis wing (raw), to plan, coordinate and organize espionage/sabotage activities aiming to destabilise and wage war against pakistan.
representational image.
representational image.
from next month, people in select cities will be able to apply for passports in post offices under an ambitious initiative of the external affairs ministry.
this is aimed at making the passport issuance process hassle-free and ease burden on passport offices across the country which are grappling with large volume of applications.
in the first phase of the project, passport services will be made available in select post offices in rajasthan, west bengal, tamil nadu, karnataka and jharkhand and some other states.
watch what else is making newsthe external affairs ministry, which issues passports, is making all required arrangements for roll-out of the scheme in some of the select cities in first half of march.
currently, 89 passport seva kendras (psk) are operating across the country as extended arms of the 38 passport offices.
according to the mea, the government rendered 1.
15 crore passport and other related services during 2016.
in rajasthan, passport services will be available in kota, jaisalmer, bikaner, jhunjhunu and jhalawar while in west bengal it will be in asansol, nadia, north dinajpur north kolkata.
in jharkhand, services will be offered in deoghar, jamshedpur and dhandbad.
it is our effort that post office passport sewa kendras announced in the first phase should start functioning before 31.
3.
2017, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
in tamil nadu, passport services in post office will be rolled out in salem and vellore while in karnataka, it will be in belgaum, davangere, hassan, gulbarga and mysuru.
according to mea, the objective of the government has been to cater to the demand for passports and to reach out to the people located far away from the passport offices.
the mea had recently liberalised norms for certain categories of citizens as part of efforts to streamline the passport issuance process.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajthe two indian clerics of hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who went missing from karachi, are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed on sunday.
i just spoke to syed nazim ali nizami in karachi.
he told me that they are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow, she wrote on twitter.
the latest development comes a day after the pakistan government conveyed to the the indian high commission in islamabad that they have been traced and have reached karachi.
swaraj had earlier spoke to pakistan pms adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz regarding the issue and sought his help in tracing the two.
asif nizami and nazim nizami of hazrat nizamuddin dargah (source: ani) asif nizami and nazim nizami of hazrat nizamuddin dargah (source: ani)on saturday, it was reported that syed asif nizami, head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah in delhi, and his nephew syed nazim nizami were in custody of pakistans intelligence agency over their alleged links with muttahida qaumi movement (mqm).
according to reports, both were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport in lahore.
also read: indian clerics traced, reached karachi: pakistanspeaking to the indian express from karachi on saturday evening, syed wazir nizami, their host in that city, had said, the authorities informed us about two hours ago that they had gone to visit their followers in interior sindh, but due to no cellular service, they were unable to get in touch with us.
they are yet to reach home.
syed asif is syed wazirs maternal uncle, and syed nazim is his cousin.
in delhi, asif ali nizams son amir said they had received a call from the home ministry, informing them that the duo had been traced and released.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her turkish counterpart mevlut cavusoglu will hold wide-ranging talks on a range of bilateral and regional issues which may include deliberations on situation in west asia and ways to counter threat of terrorism.
earlier this month, turkey had asked india to act against the institutions affiliated to the network of fethullah gulen, blamed for last months failed coup to topple president tayyip erdogan, and the issue may figure in the discussions between the two foreign ministers.
the entire gamut of bilateral relations as well as multilateral and regional issues are likely to be discussed during the talks, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
cavusoglu will also call on vice president hamid ansari on friday.
during his three-day visit, the turkish foreign minister is also scheduled to visit hyderabad on august 20 to open the turkish consulate building.
relations between india and turkey have witnessed steady progress.
the bilateral trade is also increasing and touched $ 6.
3 billion last year.
we hope the visit of the turkish foreign minister will further strengthen our bilateral ties, said swarup.
this cavusoglus first official visit to india.
he was in india on a transit halt last year and had met swaraj.
president erdogan has vowed to take strong action against those linked to muslim cleric fethullah gulen, who he had blamed for the july 15 coup attempt.
tens of thousands of troops, civil servants, judges and officials have already been detained or dismissed in a massive crackdown following the failed coup.
over the last three years, a team of indias diplomatic and legal minds joined forces to make new delhis case at the icj.
from then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to senior advocate harish salve, joint secretary deepak mittal, deputy high commissioner to pakistan j p singh, additional secretary v d sharma and advocate chetna rai  the team behind indias efforts at the icj cut across age, gender and experience.
advertisingread | after masood azhar blacklisting, icj verdict in kulbhushan case isolates pakistanleading the way was swaraj, who was in touch with kulbhushan jadhavs family, bureaucrats, lawyers and the top indian leadership, including prime minister narendra modi.
on wednesday, she said, i wholeheartedly welcome the verdict of icj it is a great victory for india.
i hope the verdict will provide the much needed solace to the family members of kulbhushan jadhav.
salve made indias case at the hearings effectively, especially at the february 18-21 public hearings this year.
a former solicitor general of india, he crafted indias legal response and used his knowledge of international law.
advertisingthen foreign secretary s jaishankar, who is now the external affairs minister and the current foreign secretary vijay gokhale maintained regular updates.
full text: kulbhushan jadhav icj verdictdeepak mittal, meas joint secretary (pakistan-afghanistan-iran), followed the case from the beginning, going through the legal arguments and shaping indias diplomatic response.
it was his idea to consistently push for consular access.
this became indias main point of argument.
mittal, who was in the pmo before moving to the mea, helped smoothen the intra-government conversations.
vishnu dutt sharma, who heads the meas legal division, bridged the gap between the diplomats and lawyers.
he liaised with salves team and worked on the petitions to the court.
read | salve hails verdict, says icj protected jadhav from being executedchetna nayantara rai and arundhati dattaraya kelkar, junior counsel for india at the icj, are both salves juniors.
j p singh, deputy high commissioner to pakistan, was key to the strategy since he was the only diplomat to have seen jadhav when his family members met him in december 2017.
sandeep kumar, deputy secretary, mea, played a key role in drafting the petitions.
b'families of those killed in iraq in delhi on monday.
(renuka puri) families of those killed in iraq in delhi on monday.
most families had come from punjab and himachal pradesh.
besides swaraj, mos, external affairs, v k singh, and union minister and hoshiarpur mp vijay sampla were among those present in the meeting at jawahar lal nehru bhavan.
he was asked to search for the missing indians in badush jail.
v k singh went to badush and asked local residents about missing indians.
local people suggested him to look for bodies at a dune where is had reportedly disposed of many bodies in a mass grave.
the grave was first scanned with radar.
it was later found that some bodies had long hair and kada (iron bracelet).
this led indian authorities to doubt the remains may be of missing indians as many of them were sikh.
the remains were exhumed and dna samples collected.
those samples were matched with samples collected from their families in india, said gurpinder.
she said, the government has not said how, when and by whom they were killed.
it is seeking more information.
we were informed that the mortal remains may reach india next week.
we have not been given a specific date but the minister told us the bodies would reach india soon, said gurpinder.
she said, we also raised the issue of compensation and jobs.
the minister assured us that her office will gather information about the victims family members from state governments and arrange for jobs.
she also assured that our request for compensation will be discussed with state governments.
usha rani, 35, whose husband sarjeet nanka, is among the victims, said, my husband worked as a painter.
the last time we spoke, he had said the situation is worsening, but we had no option as he was the only earning member in the family.
we are hopeful after the visit that the government will do something.
my son is seven, i have no work and i am surviving on the rs 20,000 the government is giving.
there should be an assurance that it wont stop, she said.
mea officials, meanwhile, said external affairs ministry will only play a facilitators role in awarding compensation, but any such decision on central level will have to be taken by home ministry.
the remaining 39 were taken to badoosh and killed, she had said.
b'sushma swaraj pays respect to sushil koirala in kathmandu on tuesday.
(source: ap) sushmaswaraj swaraj pays respect to sushil koirala in kathmandu on tuesday.
(source: ap)former prime minister and nepali congress chief sushil koirala, will be cremated with full state honours wednesday.
a special cabinet meeting decided that wednesday will be a public holiday, and the national flags across the government offices and nepalese missions abroad will fly at half mast for three days.
indias minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, who led a delegation of different parties went to the dasarath stadium, where his mortal remains were kept, and placed a wreath on his body.
others in the team included cpi-m general secretary sitaram yechury, jd(u) leader sharad yadav and congress leader anand sharma.
high-profile indian delegation in nepal led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(photo- pib/twitter) high-profile indian delegation in nepal led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(photo- pib/twitter)representative of various countries and their missions also joined the mourning with ambassadors and senior diplomats offering their tributes.
b'during the meeting bsf director general k k sharma stressed the importance of vigilance against cross-border infiltration to prevent terrorist activities and check smuggling of narcotics.
during the meeting bsf director general k k sharma stressed the importance of vigilance against cross-border infiltration to prevent terrorist activities and check smuggling of narcotics.
amid growing strain in ties, india today summoned pakistani envoy abdul basit and issued a strong demarche over pakistans continued support to cross-border terrorism in kashmir, which has fuelled unrest in the valley.
foreign secretary s jaishankar called basit to his south block office and lodged a strong protest over the issue as he made a specific reference to let terrorist and pakistani national bahadur ali, who was captured recently in north kashmir during an encounter.
jaishankar called in the pakistan envoy and issued a strong demarche on continuing cross border terrorism from pakistan.
demarche made specific reference to let terrorist and pak national bahadur ali who was apprehended recently, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
watch video: abdul basit interview excerpts: war is not really a solution to our problemsali, born in the zia bagga village of pakistan, was arrested by indian authorities in jammu and kashmir on july 25 with weapons (ak 47 rifle, live rounds, grenades, grenade launcher etc) as also sophisticated communication equipment and other material of pakistani/ international origin, according to the demarche issued to basit.
bahadur ali has confessed to our authorities that after training in lashkar-e-toiba camps, he was infiltrated into india.
he was thereafter in touch with an operations room of let, receiving instructions to attack indian security personnel and carry out other terrorist attacks in india, it said.
basits summoning comes on a day when prime minister narendra modi reached out to people of kashmir, which has been witnessing widespread unrest for over a month triggered by the killing of hizbul commander burhan wani in an encounter with the security forces.
as many as 55 people have lost their lives in these incidents of violence.
the ties between india and pakistan have seen growing bitterness after pakistan and its prime minister nawaz sharif made provocative statements on the kashmir situation in the wake of wanis killing on july 8.
not only did sharif praise wani and hailed him as a martyr but he also asserted kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream of the state becoming a part of his country will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
the chill in bilateral relations was on full display during home minister rajnath singhs visit to islamabad for a saarc ministerial meet last week when he and his pakistani counterpart chaudhry nisar ali khan not only avoided a proper handshake but singh also left without attending the lunch hosted by khan.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(pti photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday responded to a visa request by an indian man living in dubai for his pakistani wife for treatment of their son in mumbai.
in a tweet, yasin said he applied for visa for his pakistani wife in september to travel to mumbai for treatment of their son who is special child.
where have you applied for indian visa for your pakistani wife ?
also pl give details of your childs treatment in mumbai ?
swaraj tweeted today.
earlier, yasin tweeted i am struggling to get medical attendant visa for my wife who is pakistani, to get treatment for my child in mumbai.
the external affairs minister also assured help when a man named namuduri venkata rao requested her to help him get a visa to visit ukraine to attend to his son who is admitted in a hospital in that country.
south sudanese policemen and soldiers are seen along a street following renewed fighting in south sudans capital juba.
(source: reuters) south sudanese policemen and soldiers are seen along a street following renewed fighting in south sudans capital juba.
(source: reuters)indian embassy in south sudan asked indians stranded in juba to stay calm, assuring them that they are in constant touch with authorities in india and all options are being considered to provide relief to them amid heavy in fighting between south sudans army and former rebels.
the indian embassy is in regular touch with concerned authorities with concerned authorities in india and all options are being considered for providing relief to indians stranded here in juba.
all are requested to keep calm and await further development and further inputs from the embassy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj retweeted indian embassy in south sudans statement.
bhupat patel, an indian resident in south sudan, tweeted to swaraj asking for help, saying that they are stuck in between heavy gunfire.
swaraj retweeted the indian embassy in south sudans statement and said that concerned authorities have been intimated to extend help.
heavy fighting in south sudans capital was witnessed on sunday as former rebels and government soldiers exchanged fire in several parts of the city.
the violence comes a day after the worlds youngest country marked its fifth independence anniversary.
b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(ap photo)india will spare no efforts to rescue christian priest missing in yemen after the is attacked a care home run by missionaries of charity.
read: missing indian priest held by suspected islamic state militants in yemenyemen is a conflict zone.
we do not have embassy there.
but we will spare no efforts to rescue father tom uzhunnalil, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
she corrected the number of indians killed from four to one.
power pointwith sushil kumar shinde taking over from p chidambaram as home minister,national security adviser shiv shankar menons power has grown.
chidambaram has asserted the authority of the home minister to insist that he preside over a daily morning meeting with the heads of the intelligence bureau,raw,the nsa and the home secretary.
when shinde took over,he did not continue the practice and had to be prodded by prime minister manmohan singh to do so.
even then,unlike in the past when chidambaram would brief the pm about developments on the internal security front which came up at the meeting,it is now menon who usually reports back to singh on home affairs,and not shinde.
no joint press meetsseveral heads of state visiting india in recent months wanted to address the local press jointly with the prime minister.
however,the pm has been reluctant because he does not want to comment on several contentious issues which have been in the news of late.
the ministry of external affairs has consequently declined to hold joint press conferences,to the dismay of many foreign heads including afghan president hamid karzai and british prime minister david cameron.
french president francoise hollande was so anxious to meet the indian press that he ignored convention and the french embassy organised a press conference on its own at short notice.
not spgs domainone of the curious aspects of the agustawestland helicopter deal is the role of the spg.
since these helicopters were to be used by spg protectees,it is understandable that the force would want to give a list of specifications for safety requirements.
but then spg director b v wanchoos trip to italy for a fortnight on official work so that he could get to visit the helicopter headquarters appears to have been unnecessary.
it is iaf pilots and flight experts who provide essential inputs on technicalities concerning flying and maintenance of helicopters.
wanchoo,who is close to the gandhi family,is now governor of goa and,it has been argued,he cannot be questioned about the deal as he is aconstitutional authority.
all eyes on mmrcawith the agustawestland deal caught in a scandal,the arms lobby is waiting to see whether the government will go ahead with finalising the purchase of medium multi-range combat aircraft.
the deal is worth around $18 billion.
the french have secured the contract but others believe they have a fighting chance.
there is an urgency about completing the deal.
if it does not materialise soon,the 2014 general elections could put it into cold storage and a new government could come in.
uninterrupted stayarjun modhwadia,gujarat pcc chief,posed an rti question enquiring why gujarats former home minister amit shah had the uninterrupted use of a suite at gujarat bhavan in delhi for one and a half years.
as per the bhavans rules,mlas are granted rooms for only two nights at a stretch and permission for an extension is limited to a few extra days.
shah did not just monopolise one of the three suites at the bhavan,but at times the second one was reserved for his family.
the reply to the rti is evasive,stating that to provide details would compromise shahs security.
all the same,since the rti question,shah stays at a five-star hotel when in delhi.
wooing mamatamamata banerjee has made it clear that she does not plan to join forces with either of the two main political alliances,the upa and nda,but the bjp is still hopeful that the mercurial trinamool leader might change her mind given the increasing antagonism between her and the congress.
this year,mamata and l k advani exchanged greeting cards.
the bjp was heartened by a handwritten note by her enquiring solicitously about advanis health and the welfare of his family.
some tmc mps remain in touch with bjp parliamentary leaders.
when mamata visited parliaments central hall during the last session,both sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley had made it a point to go up to her and chat.
dhaka-delhi tiesif the close friendship between the foreign ministers of bangladesh and india is any indication,dhaka and delhi should have the best of relationships.
during salman khurshids recent visit to dhaka,he was frequently seen chatting with his bangladesh counterpart dr dipu moni.
monis husband tawfique nawaz was at oxford at the same time as khurshid and the friendship between the two families is of long standing.
attacks on african students in greater noida.
attacks on african students in greater noida.
the government promised thursday an impartial probe will be conducted and action taken against those responsible for attacks on african students in greater noida.
this was after the opposition in rajya sabha expressed concern over two back-to-back attacks: a mob attack on a group of nigerian men, followed by a brutal assault on a kenyan woman who was dragged out of an autorickshaw.
opposition mps said indias name is getting sullied and asked the government to address the matter on a war footing.
jd(u) member sharad yadav raised the matter, and was supported by members across parties  the bjp, the congress, the left, the sp and the bsp.
discrimination happens with people of african origin staying here due to their colour, sharad yadav said.
we are pained when there is discrimination against us in the us, australia and any other country in the world but this kind of behaviour is being meted out in our country.
yesterday a daughter, an african girl was dragged out an auto and beaten up.
replying to the concerns expressed, minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj assured the house on behalf of the centre as well as the state government that there would be an impartial probe and action would be taken against those responsible.
first, a 19 year-old boy died and thereafter there was an attack on nigerian students.
as soon as i got to know of the incident, i sought a report from the up government and i spoke personally to up chief minister yogi adityanath.
he told me there will be an impartial probe.
an impartial probe is being conducted.
the chief minister himself has given an assurance about it.
i assure the entire house on his as well my behalf that there will be an independent probe into the incident and after that we will take whatever action is required against whomever, she said.
i want to say that as long as the probe is not completed, it will not be proper to say anything.
the administration [in up] is carrying out an impartial probe and we are very alert to ensure that such incidents are not repeated, she said.
calling the attacks racial, deputy leader of the congress anand sharma said the government must set up a cell in the external affairs and home ministries to coordinate for safety and protection of all african students in india.
he said indias name has been sullied throughout the world because of the attacks.
sitaram yechury (cpm) wanted the house to adopt a special resolution condemning the incident, with which deputy chairman p j kurien too concurred.
on the one side, we are condemning the racial attacks on indians in other countries like the usa and australia, but at the same time, racial attacks in our country cannot be justified, kurien said.
the government should be very vigilant.
very strong action should be taken no indian will justify it.
yechury wanted the centre to give a warning to the state government that such incidents are not repeated.
kurien complimented her for the prompt response.
pratap singh bajwa of the congress said that in the last two years, the government has made a special attempt to reach out to africa.
but such things destroy all that goodwill, bajwa said.
state counsellor of myanmar aung san suu kyi meets pm narendra modi.
(source: twitter/ @meaindia) state counsellor of myanmar aung san suu kyi meets pm narendra modi.
(source: twitter/ @meaindia)prime minister narendra modi and myanmars state counsellor aung san suu kyi on thursday met in vientiane on the sidelines of the asean summit.
an icon of democracy, a partner for development.
state counsellor of myanmar aung san suu kyi meets prime minister narendra modi, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted along with photos of the two leaders shaking hands and holding talks.
earlier, modi also held bilateral talks with south korean president park geun-hye.
71-year-old leader suu kyi, whose national league for democracy brought down curtains on five decades of military rule, is also the countrys foreign minister.
last month, myanmar assured india that it will not allow any insurgent group to use its territory against new delhi, in the backdrop of certain insurgent groups from northeastern states using the country for launching attacks.
south koreas president park geun-hye attends an eas meeting alongside the asean summits in vientiane, laos september 8, 2016.
reuters/jonathan ernst south koreas president park geun-hye attends an eas meeting alongside the asean summits in vientiane, laos september 8, 2016.
reuters/jonathan ernstthe assurance was given during the first high-level visit from india after the civilian government assumed office when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on president u htin kyaw and held extensive talks with suu kyi.
within a week, myanmarese president kyaw and modi held wide-ranging talks in new delhi during which the prime minister said india will stand by with myanmar at every step of its new journey and that it wants to take the ties to new heights.
a committee has been constituted in the ministry comprising all concerned stake-holders to finalise the draft of emigration management bill.
one year extension has been taken from the committee on government assurances in this regard, she said.
the new bill is expected to strengthen the regulatory framework already in place under the emigration act, 1983, towards checking malpractice and unscrupulous activities by recruiting agents.
responding to another question on whether the government proposes to bring in a legislation enabling it to cancel the passports of nris who abandon their wives, v k singh, a minister of state in the ministry, said an expert committee on nri martial disputes has presented its report in august 2017.
he said some of the panels recommendations, including constitution of an integrated nodal agency (ina), have been accepted and implemented, while some are under examination.
cancellation of passport can take place only based on legal orders from court and hence suitable counselling and advice for the same is given through the ina mechanism, singh said.
b'photo for representational purpose.
ravi batra photo for representational purpose.
ravi batrathis week marks a major multilateral moment in indian diplomacy as delhi joins an asian regional forum and pitches hard for the membership of an international nuclear club.
the multilateral advance, however, is founded on some bold bilateral diplomacy.
in tashkent this week, the paper work for indias membership of the shanghai cooperation organisation, a forum that brings china, russia and the central asian states together is likely to be completed.
in another corner of asia in seoul, south korea, the members of the nuclear suppliers group may deliberate on indias application for membership.
joining these two organisations has long been a major diplomatic objective for india.
the campaign for sco membership has moved at a steady pace in the last many years.
however, the final play for the nsg has been more recent and very demanding.
in the expansive dialogue between delhi and washington after the second round of nuclear tests in may 1998, india put special emphasis on removing the international restrictions on high technology exports that had accumulated since the mid 1970s.
following the historic civil nuclear initiative between india and the us during 2005-08, president barack obama, during the visit to india in november 2010, endorsed indias claim for membership of the four export control groups  the nuclear suppliers group, the missile technology control regime, the australia group that seeks to prevent chemical weapon production and the wassenaar arrangement that regulates trade in conventional weapons and dual use items.
indias aspiration to become a full member of the global nuclear management was the logical next step to the civil nuclear initiative that had ended the prolonged international nuclear blockade against india.
but the upa governments delay in implementing the civil nuclear initiative meant there would be no progress on the membership of these forums.
as the government of narendra modi removed the last hurdles in the implementation of the nuclear initiative, it also renewed the effort for entry into the four export control regimes.
earlier this month, the path was cleared for the membership of mtcr.
all eyes are now on its nsg campaign.
it is not quite clear if the nsg meeting this week will come up with a definitive decision on indias application.
while a formal decision welcoming india into the nsg will be a huge achievement, even a negative or non-decision will not detract from indias high-octane diplomatic campaign.
the need for unanimity in the nsg for admitting india, chinas openly expressed reservations, the widespread temptation to link indias membership with a signature on the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and the inevitable hyphenation of india with pakistan were all big obstacles.
instead of being deterred, delhi chose to up the stakes and raise its game.
it fielded president pranab mukherjee to make a direct appeal to president xi jinping during his visit to china last month.
the pm showed up in geneva and mexcio city to persuade the political leadership of switzerland and mexico to ease their reservations against indias application to join the nsg.
he also picked up the phone to talk to some key leaders like russias vladimir putin.
the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, personally spoke to 23 counterparts among the members of the nsg.
the diplomatic effort called for an effective management of the pakistan question that continues to complicate indias bilateral and multilateral diplomacy on the regional and world stage.
the nsg campaign involved getting simultaneous western and russian support at a time when relations between the two have deteriorated and india is warming up to america.
it also demanded a sophisticated balancing act between the us, indias main supporter in the nuclear campaign, and china, the principal problem.
many in delhi have argued that drawing close to the us and asking china at the same time to lift its hold on indias membership of the nsg was a bit of bravado.
but delhis new diplomatic chutzpah is about ending the kind of political diffidence that underlined indias traditional approach to the great powers.
delhis nsg diplomacy reveals a new level of self-assurance that can explore the room for accommodation in all directions rather than hide behind the slogan of non-alignment and do nothing.
many have argued that the net benefit for india from membership of the nsg is rather little.
after all, india is now free to engage in civil nuclear commerce under the exemption that the nsg had provided delhi in 2008.
but as sushmaswaraj swaraj put it in her sunday press conference, there is a big difference between sitting outside a room seeking the indulgence of others and being inside and making the nuclear rules.
call it what you will, indian diplomacy is shaking off its traditional risk aversion, trading potential favours, exercising leverages and bargaining for productive outcomes.
whether it wins in seoul this week or not, delhi has demonstrated that it has the political will to play hard ball on issues of high national interest.
the dialogue was led by national security adviser ajit doval express photo by renuka puri/file the dialogue was led by national security adviser ajit doval express photo by renuka puri/fileindia and indonesia on tuesday held their first security dialogue during which they agreed on operational cooperation in security and counter-terrorism.
the dialogue was led by national security adviser ajit doval and indonesias coordinating minister for political, legal and security affairs h wiranto.
india and indonesia hold the first security dialogue, both agreed on operational cooperation in security and counter-terrorism fields, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
ahead of the dialogue, the indonesian foreign ministry had said the two countries will discuss cyber security, counter-terrorism efforts and transnational organised crime.
todays dialogue comes after indonesia and india agreed to strengthen strategic partnerships across various key areas, including defence, security, economy and maritime at the 5th indonesia-india joint commission meeting in jakarta during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit last week.
b'haryana health minister anil vij (express photo by jasbir malhi/files) haryana health minister anil vij (express photo by jasbir malhi/files)haryana health minister anil vij on tuesday condemned the remark made by new bjp joinee naresh agrawal on actor-turned politician jaya bachchan, saying the former samajwadi party leader has not got over the culture of his former party and would take some time to adapt to that of the bjp.
what naresh agrawal has said is condemnable.
he has not got over the culture of his previous party.
he will take some time to adapt to our partys culture, ani quoted vij as saying.
agrawal quit the samajwadi party and formally joined the bjp in new delhi after he lost out his rajya sabha re-nomination to bachchan.
his term as rajya sabha member ends on april 2.
the seven-time mla from hardoi constituency had said that he joined the bjp because he was bypassed for somebody who danced and worked in films.
aur filmon mein kaam karnewali se meri haisiyat kar di gayi.
ye filmon mein dance karte, apna role karte, unke naam par hamara ticket kata gaya, mein ne isko bahut uchit nahin samjha.
kisi ne bhi isko uchit nahin samjha.
(my status has been equated with women who work in films.
for somebody who used to dance in films, act in films, i was denied a (rajya sabha) ticket.
i did not find it appropriate.
nobody found it appropriate), the rajya sabha mp said while addressing a press conference in the presence of union minister piyush goyal at the bjp headquarters in the national capital.
however, on tuesday, the 66-year-old expressed regret over his statement, saying he did not intend to hurt anyone.
i had said something which was given a different angle by the media.
all i can say is that i didnt intend to hurt anyone.
i express my regret, if it did hurt anyone.
i take back my words, ani quoted him as saying.
criticising his remarks, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: shri naresh agarwal has joined bhartiya janata party.
he is welcome.
however, his comments regarding jaya bachchanji are improper and unacceptable.
bjp leaders admitted that the party was deeply embarrassed by agarwals remarks and that it has taken the sheen off the partys excitement over his shift to the bjp.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets foreign minister of china mr. wang yi on april 22, 2018.
(source: sushmaswaraj swaraj twitter) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj meets foreign minister of china mr. wang yi on april 22, 2018.
swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers meeting here, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
india along with brazil, germany and japan has been seeking expansion of the permanent and non-permanent seats of the unsc to make the powerful un body more representative and reflective of the changing global order.
also read: terrorism an enemy of basic human rights: swaraj at sco foreign ministers meet in chinacontinuing to push for the reform and expansion of the unsc, she said: it is clear to many of us that the security council is increasingly unable, or sometimes unwilling, to respond to the security challenges of our times, with tragic consequences.
we must not lose sight of the fact that reforms of the un will be incomplete, without reforms in the security council to make it more representative of contemporary realities.
since 2008, the international community has carefully nurtured the ongoing inter governmental negotiations at the un to take our discussions on unsc reforms forward, she said.
china, which is part of the veto-wielding permanent five members along with the us, russia, france and the uk, has not openly supported indias bid for a permanent seat in the reformed unsc, and instead called for a package solution accommodating concerns and interests of all parties.
the meeting was also attended by foreign ministers wang yi of china, khawaja muhammad asif of pakistan, kairat abdrakhmanov of kazakhstan, abdyldaev erlan bekeshovich of kyrgyzstan, sergey lavrov of russia, sirodjidin muhridinovich aslov of tajikistan, abdulaziz khafizovich kamilov of uzbekistan, and secretary general of the sco rashid alimov among others.
the oli-led cpn-uml with 121 seats finished short of a simple majority and is dependent on the maoists to stay in office.
the oli-led cpn-uml with 121 seats finished short of a simple majority and is dependent on the maoists to stay in office.
the appointment of k p oli as prime minister on thursday, three months after the completion of parliament elections, is expected to enable a stable government in nepal.
the left alliance, including olis own party, the communist party of nepal-united marxist leninist, and ally, the cpn-maoist centre, had won a total of 174 seats in the 275-member parliament.
olis elevation to the pms office was delayed only because the election commission had waited for elections to the upper house to conclude before declaring the final results.
the oli-led cpn-uml with 121 seats finished short of a simple majority and is dependent on the maoists to stay in office.
party leaders had announced before the elections that the two parties would merge to form a united communist party, which hasnt happened yet.
there are ideological and leadership issues that need to be settled before the merger can take place.
the stability of the government will depend on the two parties working together.
olis immediate challenge is the implementation of the constitution, which is increasingly contested by many groups.
he will need to build and consolidate a consensus among various sections of the society on key provisions including the republican character of the country and the relations between the centre and provinces.
this is essential to contain the discontent among those who disagree with the new constitution, essential to rebuild nepal.
the political instability in nepal since the bloody civil war ended in 2006 had much to do with the failure of parties to negotiate differences and arrive at a consensual middle path.
institutional promises like that of the truth and reconciliation commission to ensure justice to war victims have floundered because major political parties differ on their objectives.
politicisation of the judiciary and widespread corruption have triggered public unrest and mobilisation.
restoring public confidence in institutions and rebuilding them could prove to be more challenging than winning elections.
olis success in the november elections was credited to the anti-india rhetoric in his campaign.
he grew in stature during 2015-16, when he, then the pm, identified with the national sentiment, which blamed new delhi for the blockade on the india-nepal border.
as pm, he will now need to build bridges with india.
geography, religion, political history and culture tie nepal to india, which no amount of chinese aid can replace.
oli needs to balance kathmandus ties with new delhi and beijing instead of tilting to one side or playing one against the other.
on its part, india seems keen on engaging with the new government.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs goodwill visit earlier this month indicates its resolve to respect nepals mandate.
oli, a practical politician, should be able to read the signs.
the nsg entry is crucial for indias energy policy.
china is not blocking indias entry to the nsg.
swaraj also asserted that india is not going to oppose entry of any nation to the nsg, adding that their application should be considered on merit basis.
as far as entry of pakistan is concerned, india, being a non-member of the nsg, cannot comment on their entry and their role.
but we will not oppose entry of any nation to the nsg and will support their bid.
we think that the application of each country should be considered on the basis of their merit, she said.
swaraj also expressed hope that by the end of this year, india will become a member of the 48-nation club dedicated to curbing nuclear arms proliferation by controlling the export and re-transfer of materials that could foster nuclear weapons development.
i think that there is a consensus which is being made and i am sure that india will become the member of the nsg this year, she said.
we have been engaged with the nsg since last 12 years and there have been talks of our membership with the group since last five years.
but the situation is different this yearour argument is that we got the waiver in 2008 and before that the criteria and the process was decided and based on that criteria only we got the waiver.
i think instead of talking about criteria with respect to our bid, our credentials and our track record should be discussed, she added while addressing a press conference highlighting her ministrys achievements in the last two years.
foreign secretary s. jaishankar made a two-day trip to china on june 16 and 17 to discuss indias nsg membership with his chinese counterpart.
this visit came days ahead of prime minister narendra modis meeting with chinese president xi jinping on june 23 when both leaders will attend the shanghai cooperation organisation leaders meeting in tashkent.
china has maintained that more talks were needed to build a consensus on which countries can join the 48-nation nsg following the united states push to include india in the elite group.
read | china not protesting indias membership in nsgthe countries, who oppose indias membership, argue that its inclusion in the group would further undermine efforts to prevent proliferation and also infuriate new delhis rival pakistan.
islamabad, which enjoys the backing of its close ally china, has also responded to indias membership bid and asked for its admission as well.
the decision on indian membership will only be decided at the nsg plenary meeting in seoul scheduled on june 23 and 24.
while reports surfaced that beijing would try its best to stop indias entry into the group, washington has already vouched its full support during prime minister narendra modis visit to united states last week.
the pakistan civil aviation authority thursday extended its airspace ban along its eastern border with india for the third time till june 28, reported pti.
the development comes a day after india decided that prime minister narendra modis flight for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit will not fly over pakistani airspace.
advertisingearlier, pakistan had allowed former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to fly directly through pakistani airspace to participate in the meeting of sco foreign ministers in bishkek on may 21.
however, the airspace for other commercial airliners remained closed.
pakistan fully closed its airspace on february 26 after the indian air force struck a jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terrorist training camp in balakot.
since then, it has only opened two routes.
the country opened its airspace for all flights except for new delhi, bangkok and kuala lumpur on march 27.
a pakistan government official told pti that since there has been no official communication between the two countries regarding the opening of their airspace for each other the status quo will prevail.
due to the ban, some foreign carriers using indian airspace have been forced to take costly detours because they cannot fly over pakistan.
b'lakhanpur,popularly known as the gateway to jammu and kashmir,has been converted into a virtual cantonment to thwart bjps attempt to enter the state to hoist the tricolour at lal chowk in srinagar tomorrow.
over 7,000 security personnel have been deployed at the jk-punjab border terminal to prevent the bjp rally from entering the state, a senior officer in-charge of lakhanpur sector said here today.
two women platoons have also been deployed in view of the presence of women activists,he said.
led by senior saffron leaders including arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj,bjyms rastriya ekta rally has started its flag hoisting rally from pathankot in punjab.
we are ready to meet any challenge.
lakhanpur has been converted into a cantonmentwe will ensure minimum use of force and non-lethal approach to stop the from entering jk, the officer said.
barricades and barbed wire walls have been put up at all the seven entry points at lakhanpur in jammu and kashmirs kathua district.
riot control vehicles,water cannons and deployment of crpf and police personnel have been posted at all the entry points, the official said.
the j-k government has already imposed section 144 of crpc at lakhanpur.
b'the kohinoor is the subject of a historical ownership dispute and has been claimed by at least four countries, including india.
the kohinoor is the subject of a historical ownership dispute and has been claimed by at least four countries, including india.
india will make all out efforts to get back the famed 106-carat kohinoor, currently set in a royal crown on display in the tower of london, despite british governments recent statement that there is no legal ground for restitution of the diamond.
with an estimated value of over usd 200 million, kohinoor was transferred to the treasury of the british east india company in lahore after the subjugation of punjab in 1849 by the british forces, which had confiscated the properties of the sikh empire.
the government is considering both diplomatic as well as legal channels to get back the diamond.
if india is able to get back the diamond through diplomatic efforts, then it would not go for the legal channel.
but if that does not fructify, then the government will explore legal option, a senior government source said.
the move comes against the backdrop of the uk minister of asia and pacific affairs alok sharma indicating that kohinoor could probably never find its way to india.
as far as this issue is concerned, there is no legal ground for restitution, he had said during his visit here last week.
shiromani gurdwara prabankdhak committee (sgpc), which represents the sikh community, has also jumped into the fray to stake claim over the precious gem.
also read: from golconda to london, the journey of kohinoor diamondsgpc chief secretary harcharan singh has urged the centre to take up the matter with british government and demand its return to the sikh community.
punjab cabinet minister daljit singh cheema has also said the state has the legitimate right over the diamond and claimed that it was taken away in a deceitful manner by the british from maharaja duleep singh who was last sikh ruler of punjab.
also read: british took kohinoor by force, but so did the indians: william dalrymple explains complex history of diamondas political pressure mounts on government to bring back the diamond, which also is an emotive issue, culture minister mahesh sharma had a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj recently where it was reportedly decided that india would approach britain next month on the issue of bringing it back.
the supreme court is hearing a case seeking kohinoors return and the meeting had also deliberated on stand to be taken by the government before the apex court.
the court had asked the government whether it was willing to stake a claim on the diamond.
watch videothe kohinoor issue snowballed into a major controversy after the government made a submission in the supreme court in april that it was neither forcibly taken nor stolen by the british but given as a gift to the east india company by the rulers of punjab, indicating it cannot be claimed by india now.
the gem is the subject of a historical ownership dispute and has been claimed by at least four countries, including india.
b'sikhs in france have alleged that even children are not allowed to wear turbans in french schools and sikhs also lose job opportunities if they wear turban.
(picture for representation only) sikhs in france have alleged that even children are not allowed to wear turbans in french schools and sikhs also lose job opportunities if they wear turban.
(picture for representation only)as french president emmanuel macron arrived friday on his four-day visit to india, the sikh community settled in france has once again raised the turban issue and written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take notice of the situation in france.
the letter (copy with the indian express) has been sent by conseil reprsentatif des sikhs de france (representative council of sikhs of france) based in paris, saying that sikhs are being asked to remove their turbans while getting photographs clicked for several official documents.
speaking to the indian express, ranjit g singh, spokesperson of the council of sikhs in france said that dastaar struggle continues in france for sikhs as they are still being asked to remove their turbans when they apply for any official document.
despite the success that we got in the united nations after raising the issue there in 2012, ground reality has not changed in france.
whenever we apply for an identity document, we are asked to remove turban for photos.
the french sikh community is struggling for their identity here.
the issue was raised during the visit of former french president f hollande to new delhi but it remains unsolved till now, he said.
the letter has also been sent to shiromani gurdwara prabandhak committee (sgpc), indian embassy in paris, delhi sikh gurdwara management committee and mps from punjab including harsimrat kaur badal, dharamvir gandhi, bhagwant mann and harinder singh khalsa.
the council in its letter has also raised the issue of bus cards (navigo cards) issued in france.
this year, even a bus card (navigo card) require a picture without dastaar (sikh turban).
it is a humiliation every time we have to remove turbans for it and then show that card having that picture every time.
passport, european licence card, health card, student card and public transport card for each one we are not allowed to wear turban in the photograph, says the letter.
french sikhs add in their representation that the great history of sikh and french relations should not be forgotten.
there was a great friendship between maharaja ranjit singh and king louis philippe i. sikh soldiers fought for france during world war i and then wearing dastaar was never an issue.
turban was never an issue when sikh soldiers fought for france and defended freedom of france, adds the letter.
unfortunately today sikh identity is not safe in france.
in 2012, the united nations human rights committee had supported french sikhs but still the french government has not changed the law till date.
we are struggling for our identity in france because of a 2006 regulation of french government in which all head covers such as turban are forbidden for id picture.
this is erasing sikh identity in france, added singh.
sikhs in france have alleged that even children are not allowed to wear turbans in french schools and sikhs also lose job opportunities if they wear turban.
we want indian authorities to raise our issues with french president.
the sikh diaspora settled in france since decades now but still a question mark is raised on our identities.
this is simply hurting our religious sentiments and french government continues to do it despite the united nations human rights committee supporting us, he added.
new delhi : prime minister narendra modi looks on as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj offers a glass of water to nepalese prime minister sher bahadur deuba as he coughed while speaking during a joint press conference, at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
pti photo by shirish shete (pti8_24_2017_00109b) new delhi : prime minister narendra modi looks on as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj offers a glass of water to nepalese prime minister sher bahadur deuba as he coughed while speaking during a joint press conference, at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
pti photo by shirish shete (pti8_24_2017_00109b)prime minister sher bahadur deubas statement on the eve of his five-day state visit to india revealed the anxieties nepals political order harbours about the countrys constitution.
the republic will be formalised once elections to the provincial and federal parliament are held, deuba had said.
a day earlier, the cabinet had decided to hold the two elections simultaneously on november 26.
why does the republican order appear so vulnerable though the monarchy was abolished at the first meeting of the constituent assembly nearly nine years ago?
incidentally, deubas assessment is shared by many key political groups.
pushpa kamal dahal, chief of the communist party of nepal-maoist centre, and also a partner in deubas government, has repeatedly said the nepali congress and the communist party of nepal-unified marxist leninist together may restore nepals hindu status and the monarchy that the new constitution took away.
a similar fear is palpable also among certain sections in india that had played a key role in formulating the contentious agenda of the constitution, mainly secularism and republicanism, without following due process and letting the people have their say on these issues.
hope deubas unscheduled one-to-one meeting with (prime minister) modi was not to brief the nepali leader on the virtues of a monarchial hindu state order, tweeted s.d. muni, who in his capacity as member of the national security advisory board of india, influenced the indian establishment to endorse the radical political agenda in nepal that had maoists at the centrestage.
prime minister modi had invited deuba to his residence soon after he landed in delhi wednesday.
the unplanned and unprecedented act was clearly an indian wish.
it was perhaps a message to china, now not only competing with india but visibly outpacing it in nepal, that kathmandu and new delhi do not always work under prescribed state norms and that common culture and traditions, at times, make them a family.
however, nepals political society has drawn their own conclusions about deubas visit, which seems very different from what modi may want to signal to the world.
there has been strident criticism in nepal of the 46-point statement, that followed the signing of the eight-point mou during the visit, and deubas commitment to amend the constitution to address the grievances of the rastriya prajatantra party, a madhes-based political group.
an amendment bill to the constitution to meet the demands of madhes groups had been defeated in parliament on the eve of deubas india visit.
critics are questioning deubas decision to commit in delhi that he will re-introduce the defeated bill.
deuba, of course, has the chance to clarify his position in parliament.
indias foreign secretary, s. jaishanker, said doklam did not figure when the two prime ministers met.
the statement issued by new delhi, however, said that defence ties and assistance in security is an important aspect of our partnership.
deuba also apparently failed to convince new delhi that more than a dozen embankments india unilaterally built on its side of the border cause floods in the madhes area every year and need immediate review and correction.
all that delhi said was there will be more consultation and cooperation.
but modi got an invitation from deuba for a third visit to nepal to lay the foundation of a hydro project  arun three  that will be built with indian aid.
modi badly needs to tell nepali people that the post-earthquake blockade, which put them into hardship, was an aberration and unfortunate.
however, certain developments that took place during deuba india visit indicate that he may have fresh challenges to deal with on his return.
the ruling coalition partner, the cpn-maoist centre, has revived the young communist league (ycl) that has threatened to keep a watch on corrupt leaders besides manpower agencies dealing with drafting youths to employment abroad.
the ycl had been lying low since the nepali congress and other coalition partners objected to them running a parallel state seven years ago.
the ycls new statement indicates that its agenda and style of functioning has not changed.
it also has the potential to cause a rift in the ruling coalition and threaten the government.
a law and order problem can be detrimental to the timely conduct of the polls scheduled in november.
a prime minister visiting new delhi soon after assuming office used to be seen as a routine matter.
however, the increasing hostility or indifference of more and more political actors in nepal towards india means a delhi trip may not always yield a positive outcome for the government of the day.
back home, deuba will need to dispel the suspicion about any secret deal having been made during his visit, and make the atmosphere conducive for a fair poll in november.
b'at amritsar international airport monday.
(express photo/rana simranjit singh) at amritsar international airport monday.
(express photo/rana simranjit singh)after receiving the remains of balbir chand (51), who hailed from village selkiana in ludhiana, his family said that they had finally accepted his death, adding that their four-year search from the day he was reported missing had come to an end.
on his way back from ludhiana from amritsar airport, shinder singh, his brother, told the indian express, there is no other option now than believing that my brother is no more.
we have been given the dna report and death certificate.
we have also requested naib-tehsildar who is accompanying us, to let us open the remains once before cremation.
we are thankful to the government that at least my brothers remains have reached his land for last rites.
balbir chand was working as a labourer at a steel company in mosul.
he had gone to iraq eight years ago and had last spoken to his family on june 15, 2014.
read | last rites were delayed by four years alreadyhis nephew, baljit singh, said that though they know there is nothing more than partial remains of his uncle in the coffin handed over to them, they will open it once before cremation.
the bodies were brought to india from mosul on a special air force one aircraft.
(express photo) the bodies were brought to india from mosul on a special air force one aircraft.
(express photo)his wife is still unconscious, while his sister has gone into a shock hearing that remains are finally on the way to home.
he is coming home after eight years, but in a way that we never imagined.
we are satisfied with the efforts of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who at least made efforts to bring the remains back.
had we not got the remains, it would have been really difficult to believe death and our hope would have never ended.
today, finally after four years a search has ended.
however, family will go through an ordeal for entire life now, he said.
also read | tears and grief at end of four-year wait: caskets from mosul flown home to punjabbalbir in his last call had told his wife, babli, that it might be his last call as they have been kidnapped by islamic state terrorists.
his eldest daughter, kawaljit kaur (23), went into shock after chand was kidnapped and never called again.
she has been undergoing treatment since then and believes her father is still alive.
two other daughters, amandeep (21) and paramjit (18), and a son, hansraj, are students.
the last time i spoke to him, he has told me and my sisters to study well.
he had said that he is working hard in iraq only for us, said hansraj.
during his first year in iraq, chand was not even given salary by hotel owner where he worked.
later, he shifted to a steel company where he started earning rs 20,000 per month.
navdeep singh, naib-tehsildar koomkalan, who accompanied the family to amritsar, said that if family would express a wish to cremate remains on tuesday, they would be kept at a mortuary overnight.
we have received death certificate and dna report stating the details of the test and samples matched.
it is up to the family if they want to see the remains once before cremation.
we wont stop them, he said.
the remains of balbir chand were cremated monday late at his village selkiana in ludhiana in presence of naib-tehsildar navdeep singh.
heart rending scenes were witnessed as family kept on insisting to open the coffin but district administration officials denied permission at last moment saying it would be too disturbing and remains were then cremated within the coffin.
family said that they cremated the remains after sunset as chands wife wasnt well and wouldnt have been able to bear the grief overnight.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with sri lankan tna chief r sampanthan.
(source: twitter) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with sri lankan tna chief r sampanthan.
(source: twitter)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday met leaders of sri lankas main tamil party tna led by its chief r sampanthan, who briefed her about the efforts made by the government in moving forward the reconciliation process with the minority community.
engaging across the political spectrum.
leader of the opposition, tnas r sampanthan calls on eam @sushmaswaraj, external affairs ministry spokesman vikas swarup tweeted.
engaging across the political spectrum.
leader of the opposition, tnas r sampanthan calls on eam @sushmaswaraj pic.
twitter.com/smhteztqa4  vikas swarup (@meaindia) february 6, 2016leaders of ceylon workers congress, an indian origin tamil party, call on eam @sushmaswaraj next pic.
twitter.com/srjg9otxtv  vikas swarup (@meaindia) february 6, 2016the tamil national alliance leaders apprised the minister on the various efforts that have been made by the government since january last year in moving forward the reconciliation process, the political process and expressed readiness to work with the government in fulfilling the aspirations of the people of sri lanka, indian high commissioner to colombo y k sinha said.
swaraj also met eastern province chief minister nazir ahmad and leaders of sri lankan muslim congress and discussed various issues.
later, she met leaders of tamil progressive alliance and ceylon workers congress, an indian-origin tamil party.
sri lankan government has made efforts for reconciliation since taking over power last year.
it has also begun drafting a new constitution aimed at resolving the ethnic conflict and achieving reconciliation with tamils so that there is no repeat of the nearly three decades-long civil war which ended in 2009 and claimed 100,000 lives.
b'i will talk to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, vijayan said in the state assembly.
(source: file) i will talk to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, vijayan said in the state assembly.
(source: file)kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on friday said he would take up with the centre the issue of a keralite youth incarcerated in a kenyan prison since 2014.
i will talk to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, vijayan said in the state assembly.
he was replying to a submission by kerala congress (b) mla, k b ganesh kumar on the plight of the 27-year-old youth, praveen, hailing from pathanapuram in kollam.
watch video: whats making newspraveen is lodged in a kenyan prison along with another indian sailor cadet vikas balwan from haryana.
vijayan said the field agency of non-resident keralites affairs  norka roots  has written to the indian high commissioner in kenya to inquire into the case.
the norka ceo has also spoken to the high commissioner, the chief minister said.
the youths have been in prison for about two years for no fault of theirs, ganesh kumar said and called on the chief minister to take up the issue with modi when he visits delhi.
the two, along with six pakistani crew members, including captain of iranian merchant vessel mv amin darya, were taken into custody by kenyan security agencies at mombasa port on suspicion of trafficking drugs in july 2014 after eight kg of heroin worth usd 12 million was recovered from the vessel.
praveens father, prabhakaran nair, an ex-serviceman, had to sell his property for getting a lawyer to fight his sons case in kenya, kumar said, adding, his mother also was bed-ridden after hearing of her sons plight.
they were being denied food and even water, the mla said.
b'yasir, an indian medical student from srinagar, was admitted to a trauma centre in kazan the capital city of russian province of tatarstan following the assault.
yasir, an indian medical student from srinagar, was admitted to a trauma centre in kazan the capital city of russian province of tatarstan following the assault.
i am pained to inform that yasir  an indian medical student from srinagar has succumbed to his injuries in russia, swaraj tweeted.
yasir was admitted to a trauma centre in kazan the capital city of russian province of tatarstan.
on tuesday, swaraj had directed indian ambassador in russia pankaj saran to extend all possible help to yasir after receiving an sos through a tweet that the student was in a hospital in coma after being attacked by local goons, who also took away his money and documents.
she had yesterday said the indian mission will take up the case with russian authorities.
i have got complete report on yasir.
an indian doctor is treating him in kazan trauma centre in russia.
our embassy officials will go and see yasir in hospital tomorrow.
we will bear all expenses on his treatment, she had said in a tweet yesterday.
b'prime minister narendra modi on thursday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi on thursday.
(pti photo)the vast expertise of the secretaries to the government of india, who are working in various domains of the governance, should now be leveraged to bring about breakthroughs, rather than incremental change, prime minister narendra modi said today.
these remarks were made in a 70-minute long interaction the pm had with the secretaries during which he appreciated the work done by the secretaries over the last year and a half.
during the interaction, the pm exhorted the secretaries to come up with ideas for transformative change in areas such as good governance, employment generation, education and health, farmer-centric initiatives, innovative budgeting, accelerated inclusive growth, swachh bharat and ganga rejuvenation, and energy efficiency.
the prime minister emphasized that in each of these areas, the focus should be on measures which will transformatively improve the lives of people.
he laid stress on peoples participation in governance, and empowerment of the common man, the pmo said.
the secretaries have now been mandated to interact among each other, in sub-groups over the next two weeks, after which they will present their ideas and suggestions to the prime minister.
union ministers arun jaitley, rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari were present during this interaction.
senior officers of cabinet secretariat and pmo were also present.
b'9.
59 pm: arvind kejriwal takes train to varanasi, aims to derail modi march9.
47 pm: congress demands action against subramanian swamy for comments on priyanka gandhi9.
41 pm : include bjps publicity expenses in modis account: congress to election commission9.
16 pm:going to file nomination tomorrow.
time to see where i stand on gaining #amethikavishwas  dr. kumar vishvas (@drkumarvishwas) april 14, 2014watch video: 1991: how p v narasimha rao made history by sanjaya baru: key takeaways9.
03 pm: aam aadmi party (aap) announced prashant bhushan, ashish khetan, rajmohan gandhi,sanjay singh, yogendra yadav and pankaj gupta as its star election campaigners for gujarat.
9.
00 pm:we are fighting in this election for a future where power is not the preserve of a select few, but exercised by the many.
#soniagandhi4india  inc india (@incindia) april 14, 20148.
58 pm: poll violence has so far claimed two lives in west bengal and left 371 persons injured in 398 incidents, the election commission said today.
8.
50 pm: aam aadmi party today announced its candidates for five seats  one in uttar pradesh and four in andhra pradesh.
8.
45 pm: repolling in 22 booths, spread over eight assembly segments in odisha, will be conducted on april 17, the day when the second phase of elections will be held in the coastal belt of the state, officials said.
8.
35 pm:congress has been binding force that has firmly stitched the concept of strong & unified india #soniagandhi4india pic.
twitter.com/vjox93f7jc  inc india (@incindia) april 14, 20148.
27 pm: as the campaign for second phase of polling in maharashtra draws to a close tomorrow, in which nearly 3.
25 crore voters are expected to decide the fate of 358 candidates, leaders are working feverishly to canvass and take out rallies to ensure maximum support for their parties.
8.
10 pm: poll officials have so far seized unaccounted cash worth rs 89 lakh in east godavari district, a senior official said.
8.
07 pm: stating that the country was at a crossroads, sonia gandhi today asked the people to choose the path of progress and shun the one propagated by bjp where only caste and religious identity will matter.
read: bjp workers embarrass murli manohar joshi by shouting pro-modi slogans8.
06 pm: congress sought to paint narendra modi as anti-dalit on the anniversary of b r ambedkar today by citing a book written by the bjps pm candidate which had spoken of manual scavenging as a spiritual activity and said it reflected his anti-dalit mindset.
8.
03 pm: former nda partner jd(u) president sharad yadav endorsed remarks of senior bjp leader murli manohar joshi that there was no modi wave in the country.
7.
45 pm: dmk leader m k stalin today dared aiadmk supremo and chief minister jayalalithaa to resign her post if she could not prove her charge that the power crisis was due to some wantonly created technical snags in generation units.
7.
39 pm: congress today re-admitted into the party senior leader rajkumar patel, who was expelled in 2009 after his nomination form against senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj from vidisha lok sabha constituency was rejected.
7.
22 pm: a day after murli manohar joshi said there was no modi wave in the country, the veteran leader was left red-faced as party workers erupted into slogans hailing bjp prime ministerial candidate narendra modi when he arrived for a function in kanpur.
7.
00 pm:6.
45 pm:great enthusiasm among people at rahul gandhis public rally in latur, maharashtra , today | some glimpses pic.
twitter.com/nvyyofpaga  inc india (@incindia) april 14, 20147.
10 pm:6.
39 pm: congress mla from vijayawada west assembly seat in andhra pradesh and party candidate, velampalli srinivasa rao today joined the bjp.
6.
37 pm: after having extended his support to bjp prime ministerial candidate narendra modi, jana sena party chief and telugu film star pawan kalyan will campaign for the saffron party in the lok sabha elections in karnataka.
6.
33 pm: opposition peoples democratic party today said it has filed a complaint with the election commission against union minister and national conference president farooq abdullah for levelling baseless allegations against the party leadership.
6.
26 pm: it professional-turned-aap leader adarsh shastri today lamented that congress has strayed from the path of simplicity and probity as exemplified by his grandfather and former prime minister lal bahadur shastri.
6.
23 pm: claiming that congress was shivering at the prospect of his taking charge, narendra modi today warned its leaders that will have to pay for their misdeeds after may 16.
6.
10 pm: in yet another example of david beating goliath, aam aadmi party supremo arvind kejriwal has secured the highest coverage in tv news during prime time, followed by bjps narendra modi and congress rahul gandhi in early days of elections, according to a study.
6.
09 pm: senior bjp leader l k advani today hit out at nitish kumars decision to split from the nda over narendra modis elevation last year saying he had dishonoured a friendship for which he will be doomed in future.
5.
56 pm: senior bjp leader l k advani today returned congress barb of atal behari vajpayee being the weakest prime minister by dubbing manmohan singh as such and saying that the party will be swept out of power at the centre and from some states.
5.
50 pm: bjp nominee from amethi smriti irani is likely to file her nomination papers here on april 16 to take on congress vice president and sitting mp rahul gandhi.
5.
45 pm:mp supriya sule paid respect at dr. babasaheb ambedkars memorial.
pic.
twitter.com/2aw7juy6zz  ncp (@ncpspeaks) april 14, 20145.
33 pm: bjp today said it wishes priyanka gandhi would have contested against narendra modi as the country now needs the myth around her also to be exploded and slammed congress as just a crowd around a family which sees no other option but her after rahul gandhi did not click4.
57 pm: bjp today sought to downplay murli manohar joshis remarks that there was no modi wave in the country but only a bjp wave, saying the party and narendra modi cannot be viewed separately and rejected suggestions of any infighting.
4.
28 pm:you get a toffee at re 1, but modi gave 44000 acre land at rs 1 per metre.
this is not gujarat model, this is toffee model :rahul gandhi  inc india (@incindia) april 14, 2014read: y s jagan to contest from pulivendula assembly seat4.
17 pm: days after the congress praised a b vajpayee to target narendra modi, the party did a u turn today calling the bjp veteran the weakest pm india ever had, a taunt often directed at manmohan singh by the opposition party.
4.
15 pm:4.
14 pm: do you see made in china behind the watches, shoes that you wear?
we want to change it to made in maharashtra: rahul in latur.
4.
12 pm: some get pension, some dont; some get more, some get less; congress wants to give everyone equal pension: rahul in latur.
3.
42 pm: uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadavs wife and local mp, dimple yadav today claimed the samajwadi party-led government has done more development work in two years than any other government in the past.
3.
40 pm:#ncp chief sharad pawar addressed a campaign rally in saswad.
he was campaigning for supriya sule.
pic.
twitter.com/qqrnenhozi  ncp (@ncpspeaks) april 14, 20143.
35 pm: aam aadmi party candidate kumar vishwas, who will file nomination in amethi on tuesday to take on congress vice president rahul gandhi, said that all party mlas from delhi will campaign for him.
3.
20 pm: jharkhand chief minister hemant soren has said jmm always discharged its responsibility toprotect the interest of the minority community and he as a chief minister made sincere efforts for their welfare within a short tenure in power.
3.
19 pm: an fir was today filed against hema malini, bjp candidate from the mathura lok sabha constituency for violation of model code of conduct.
3.
15 pm: terming the lok sabha elections as a battle between two completely different ideologies, sonia gandhi alleged that bjp was dancing to the tune of rss whose parochial and extremist thought was aimed at dividing the society.
3.
08 pm: joining issue with narendra modi over criticism of his party besides ruling aiadmk, dmk chief m karunanidhi said bjp leaders comments will only earn him the wrath of people of tamil nadu but remained tight-lipped on rajnikanths praise for the gujarat chief minister.
3.
07 pm: over 50 model polling stations have been established in reasi district of jammu and kashmir, equipped with the best facilities to encourage the turnout.
3.
04 pm:aap sabha at mangalvedha  solapur.
lalit babar (aap) fighting sushil kumar shinde & harshad mehtas advocate bansode pic.
twitter.com/wvqv3wjuq3  anjali damania (@anjali_damania) april 14, 20142.
50 pm: a day after narendra modi took him on in his home district of chikmagalur, union minister jairam ramesh wrote to the bjp leader accusing him of spreading blatant lie about his four-year-old statement made here that india deserves a nobel prize for filth.
2.
49 pm: bjp candidate from amritsar lok sabha constituency, arun jaitley today took a swipe at the congress party saying it is merely a crowd around a (gandhi) family and it should be made a more structured party.
2: 34 pm: rld candidate from bijnore, jaya prada slammed samajwadi party chief mulayam singh over his recent controversial remarks on anti-rape laws, terming his rhetoric as shameful and irresponsible.
she was on road show of rjd nominee amar singh.
2:08 pm: uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav slammed election commission over action against sp leader azam khan.
azam was served notice by ec.
he has replied to it.
the ec, however, did not go through his reply and had taken action against him, yadav said while addressing an election rally in badaun in support of his cousin brother dharmendra yadav.
also read: akhilesh yadav slams ec over action against azam khan1: 58 pm: modis money is behind explosive book by pc parakh, says digvijay singh.
also read: after sanjay baru, former coal secretary parakhs book embarrasses pmsanitation and drinking water facilities are poor here.
what is happening.
sonia ji you have bisleri but children here have impure water.
narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) april 14, 20141: 17 pm: a case of cheating involving rs 2.
96 crore has been registered against bjp bellary candidate b sriramulu on a complaint by a functionary of his previous party bsr congress who claimed he was promised a ticket by him to contest the lok sabha pollsalso read: cheating case filed against bjp candidate b sriramulu1:07 pm: sonia gandhi in aonla rally: bjp wants to destroy the the secular values of the country.
only congress can promise a secular government.
chandramukhi in aatas village complains abt erratic electricity & of course the bad roads  hema malini (@dreamgirlhema) april 14, 20141: 04 pm: modi in lakhimpur kheri rally: congress didnt award bharat ratna to ambedkar, we did, says modi.
1:02 pm: modi in lakhimpur kheri rally: rahul gandhi knows nothing other than his family12: 32 pm: congress leader sanjay jha on monday tweeted that atal bihari vajpayee was indias weakest prime minister.
the weakest pm india ever had was ab vajpayee who gave kandahar terrorists an escort-service,and allowed parliament to be attacked.
sanjay jha (@jhasanjay) april 14, 201412:18 pm: shiv sena on monday slammed congress for poking nose into the private life of narendra modi.
the party said that the grand old partys bid to make it an issue of national campaign re-affirmed its bankruptcyalso read: shiv sena slams congress for targeting modi on his marital statusthe fact that i am standing in front of you is due to dr. ambedkar: narendra modi  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) april 14, 201411:51 am: congress insulting dr ambedkar by taking credit for laws and rights in the country, said narendra modi.
day and night shahzada is insulting dr. ambedkar and he is even enjoying doing this: narendra modi http://t.
co/fsxk4lrg1i  narendramodi_in (@narendramodi_in) april 14, 2014http://t.
co/clclzisaba massive bike rally in btm layout area, ab ki bar, modi sarkar is on everyones mind pic.
twitter.com/gzxqa6wdxy  ananthkumar (@ananthkumar_bjp) april 14, 201411: 40 am: the family persona has faded.
the gandhis are under siege, said bjp leader arun jaitley.
ready to leave for the campaign!
so many party people wanting to meet me outside my room!
hope i dont get delayed!
hema malini (@dreamgirlhema) april 14, 20149: 50 am: stones pelted at aap leader shazia ilmis rally in madhya pradesh.
9:43 am: reports from bihar suggest that while ramvilas paswans party has been able to transfer paswan votes to bjp candidates, the upper caste votes to ljp candidates.
so much so that the ljp chiefs brother ramchandra paswan is said to be trailing behind jd(u) and congress candidates in samastipur given upper castes apathy to him for his harangues against them in the past.
ramvilas paswan may like to take a tip otr two from mayawati over alliances and national parties ability or the lack of it to transfer their votes to regional parties.
8:51 am: aap candidate in nalanda district pranav prakash dragged out of his car and was allegedly attacked by unknown assailants on sunday night.
congress mp shashi tharoor at parliament house during the budget session.
pti photo congress mp shashi tharoor at parliament house during the budget session.
pti photowith the nation in an uproar over pakistan sentencing indian national kulbhushan jadhav to death on charges of being a spy, congress leader shashi tharoor called on the centre to get the united nations to haul islamabad for blatantly violating international laws.
india has very important responsibility both in terms of bilaterally communicating to pakistan as to what we expect from them.
i hope we are putting serious international pressure on pakistan, because what pakistan was doing is a violation of international law and thats what keeps nations safe, tharoor told the media here outside the parliament.
if you are going to take arbitrary action like this against the citizen of one country, tomorrow other citizens will be unsafe, he added.
asserting that pakistan has violated every international rule by sentencing jadhav, tharoor called on the centre to draw the attention of the international community, particularly the un, in hauling pakistan.
if anything, he is the victim of a plan that seeks to cast aspersions on india to deflect international attention from pakistans well-known record of sponsoring and supporting terrorism.
under these circumstances, we have no choice but to regard the sentence, if carried out, as an act of pre-meditated murder, she added while expressing her concern on this issue in the rajya sabha.
the external affairs minister further said foreign secretary s. jaishankar conveyed indias position to pakistans high commissioner abdul basit yesterday.
let me state clearly that the government and people of india would view very seriously the possibility that an innocent indian citizen is facing death sentence in pakistan without due process and in violation of basic norms of law, justice and international relations.
i would also like to tell the house that i have been in touch with the parents of shri jadhav and we are extending our fullest support to them in this difficult situation.
a strong sense of solidarity expressed by the house will give them more courage at this time, she added.
jadhav, who was arrested in march last year by pakistan and accused by the country of spying, was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court yesterday.
the move has sharply escalated tension between india and pakistan.
basit was yesterday summoned to protest at the conviction and sentence.
india also said that pakistan had ignored its multiple requests for consular access to jadhav.
li max joy li max joythe issue of alleged racial attack on an indian man in australia was on monday raised in the lok sabha by the congress which sought the prime ministers intervention in ensuring the safety of large indian population there.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said the safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government and it will not leave any stone unturned in ensuring their safety.
raising the issue during the zero hour, congress mp k c venugopal said indian-origin taxi driver from kerala, li max joy, was assaulted in australias tasmania state and added that such attacks were on the rise in that country.
venugopal said it was a racial attack as the assaulters had hurled abuses like you bloody black indians at him.
joy, who is pursuing a nursing course and working as a part-time taxi driver in australia, alleged that five people including a girl hurled racial abuses and assaulted him at a restaurant in north hobart.
the incident came a week after an indian-origin catholic priest was stabbed in the neck at a church in melbourne.
li max joy was racially abused.
it is a serious issue  the government there is not making serious attempts to catch those involved in the assault, he alleged.
replying to his contentions, kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj takes up cases involving indians with authorities of foreign governments and that safety of overseas indians was a matter of priority for the government.
it is a matter of serious concernwe are with the overseas indians.
we will leave no stone unturned to ensure safety of indians abroad, said kumar.
venugopal also raised the stabbing of the indian-origin priest in melbourne and demanded a strong response by india to such incidents.
he said these were not stray incidents.
33-year-old joy was admitted at the royal hobart hospital with deep wounds.
he was later discharged from hospital and he reported the incident to police.
rashid khan has been in brilliant form this season for sunrisers hyderabad.
(source: bcci) rashid khan has been in brilliant form this season for sunrisers hyderabad.
(source: bcci)after a stellar allround performance with both the bat and the ball for sunrisers hyderabad, afghanistan teenage sensation rashid khan has become the man in demand.
as the 19-year old leggie hammered 34*runs in 10 balls and recorded figures of 3/19 in 4 overs to script a 14-run win for srh against kolkata knight riders in the qualifier 2, he received high praise from the master blaster sachin tendulkar, who described him as the best t20 spinner.
the indian fans went in frenzy and demanded on the social media to give rashid khan an indian citizenship and let him play for india.
the demand from cricket fans received a response from union minister of external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who replied in her usual witty manner in a tweet, which has now been deleted, i have seen all the tweets.
citizenship matters are dealt with by ministry of home affairs.
read | fans ask for indian citizenship for rashid khan, sushmaswaraj swaraj gives a witty responsenow, the afghanistan president ashraf ghani has also joined in the discussion regarding the talented young cricketer.
in a tweet, president ghani said that he will not allow rashid khan to go anywhere.
afghans take absolute pride in our hero, rashid khan.
i am also thankful to our indian friends for giving our players a platform to show their skills, the political leader said.
afghans take absolute pride in our hero, rashid khan.
i am also thankful to our indian friends for giving our players a platform to show their skills.
rashid reminds us whats best about afg.
he remains an asset to the cricketing world.
no we are not giving him away.
@narendramodi  ashraf ghani (@ashrafghani) 25 may 2018ghani further went on to describe rashid khan as an asset to the cricketing world and asserted that he belongs to afghanistan.
rashid reminds us whats best about afg.
he remains an asset to the cricketing world.
no, we are not giving him away, he said.
read | rashid khan is the best spinner in t20 format, says sachin tendulkaron the back of rashids performance, srh went on to pick up the win at eden gardens and reached the final of the tournament.
they will face chennai super kings in the final on sunday.
b'family members of kulwinder singh, one of the victims, in jalandhar.
(express photo) family members of kulwinder singh, one of the victims, in jalandhar.
(express photo)on tuesday, minutes after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj declared in the rajya sabha that the 39 indians who had gone missing in iraq in june 2014 were dead, gurpinder kaurs question summed up the shock, anger and sense of betrayal among the families of those men: why did she not tell us first, why did we have to learn about this from tv?
kaur, whose brother manjinder singh was among the 39, had taken the lead in bringing the families together to press the government to make efforts to trace the men.
several times, under her unofficial leadership, the families had gone to meet swaraj, to be assured each time that intelligence agencies of other countries had informed that the men were alive.
read | indians killed in iraq: for 4 years, swinging between hope, despairthe government kept us in the dark for so long.
and now, when they announced their death, we learnt it through tv channels.
they did not bother to inform the families.
they are not even responding to our phone calls.
this is not the way.
the government should have done this in a more humane way, said gurpinder.
related report | iraq crisis: fears mount over the mosul missingof the missing men, 27 were from punjab, four from himachal, and eight from bihar and west bengal.
they are believed to have been abducted by the islamic state on june 15, 2014, and were not heard of since then.
late last year, the government began collecting dna samples from the families, giving the first indication of what could be in store.
on tuesday, as swarajs announcement was telecast on loop, an inconsolable ranjit kaur mourned the death of her 25-year-old son, jatinder singh.
mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)we are not sure if we should believe this news or not.
all these four years, the government had been claiming that my son was alive.
the same minister (sushma swaraj) today announced that he is dead.
which statement should i believe?
tomorrow, they will bring the remains of somebody and tell me that he is my son do they expect me to believe it?
she said from sialka village in amritsar.
read | always said they were killed, says lone survivor harjit masihwhenever we visited delhi, sushmaswaraj swaraj would swear by kaali maa and say our sons were alright.
she used to say kaali maa ki kasam, bachhe surakshit hain.
where is that promise now?
said sardara singh, the father of 36-year-old gurcharan singh, from jalal ussma village in gurdaspur.
swarajs announcement also resonated in the punjab assembly where chief minister capt amarinder singh informed members about the fate of the 39.
singh said that he had also written to swaraj, asking the centre to announce ex-gratia relief to the families.
the punjab government has been paying rs 20,000 per month to them.
i would be grateful if the government of india could provide due assistance to the families of the deceased, given the special circumstances, he wrote.
leader of opposition sukhpal khaira demanded that the centre pay each affected family a sum of rs 50 lakh.
congress leader partap singh bajwa, who had raised the issue in the rajya sabha previously, called the latest development a failure on part of the government.
union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
express photo by tashi tobgyal new delhi 240816 union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
express photo by tashi tobgyal new delhi 240816a day after a pakistani military court handed kulbhushan jadhav the death penalty for being an indian spy, the government warned islamabad of consequences on bilateral ties if the sentence is carried out.
the government assured agitated members of parliament that it will go out of the way to ensure justice to the former navy officer who has been in pakistani custody since march 2016.
making a statement in both houses of parliament tuesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who described jadhav as a son of india, said his execution will be taken by india as pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter.
supreme court ke liye toh bade se bade vakil ki vyavastha karenge.
lekin kewal supreme court me hi nahin, is poore case mein, isey bachane ke liye jo bhi karna parega, out of the way jaakar woh bhi hum log karenge (this is a very small thing you have mentioned.
we will arrange for the best of lawyers in the supreme court.
not only for the supreme court, but for the entire case.
we will go out of the way to save him).
also read: missing pakistan operative was in team that trapped kulbhushan jadhavlet me state clearly that the government and people of india would view very seriously the possibility that an innocent indian citizen is facing death sentence in pakistan without due process and in violation of basic norms of law, justice and international relations.
i would caution the pakistan government to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter, she said.
she said the charges against jadhav, who was doing business in iran and was kidnapped and taken to pakistan, are concocted and the trial against him was farcical, leading to an indefensible verdict.
there is no evidence of wrongdoing by jadhav.
if anything, he is the victim of a plan that seeks to cast aspersions on india to deflect international attention from pakistans well-known record of sponsoring and supporting terrorism.
questioning the trial, she said pakistan had sought indias assistance to obtain evidence for its investigation and levelled ridiculous charges against senior indian officials who had no connection to this issue.
pakistan then linked providing consular access to indias acceptance of its position.
the indian response, she said, was constructive in the hope that some forward movement could be made.
we pointed out that consular access to jadhav would be an essential pre-requisite in order to verify the facts and understand the circumstances of his presence in pakistan.
given this exchange, it is extraordinary that yesterday, a decision is suddenly announced awarding a death sentence in this case when previous exchanges with india itself underlines the insufficiency of evidence, she said.
to make matters even more absurd, three hours after the death sentence was announced, the indian high commission received an official communication from the foreign ministry of pakistan, reiterating the pakistani proposal for conditional consular access.
that tells us a lot about the farcical nature of the alleged proceedings which have led to an indefensible verdict against an innocent kidnapped indian, she said, describing jadhav as not only the son of his parents, but is the son of india.
such access is provided for by international law and is deemed a norm in international relations but the government of pakistan did not permit it, she said.
she also informed parliament that a senior pakistani leader has himself expressed doubts about the adequacy of evidence in the case.
this was an oblique reference to pakistan prime ministers foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz telling pakistans senate that the evidence was insufficient, which was later denied by the pakistans foreign ministry.
she said she has been in touch with jadhavs parents and the government was extending them its fullest support in this difficult situation.
i have met them two-three times and have been in phone conversation about six times, she told rajya sabha.
her statement came after opposition members in rajya sabha, including sps naresh agarwal, raised the issue of jadhav and said it was an attempt to defame india and deflect attention of the international community from pakistan-sponsored terrorism.
earlier in lok sabha, home minister rajnath singh said the government will do everything possible to get justice for jadhav.
condemning the award of death penalty, singh said that pakistan had ignored all norms of law and justice.
the government strongly condemns it.
all norms of law and justice were ignored.
i want to assure the house that the government will do everything possible to get justice for jadhav.
he will get justice, he said.
as soon as lok sabha met for the day, members cut across party lines to slam pakistan over the award of the death penalty.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge questioned the government on its silence, a remark that drew a sharp response from bjp members who said the government had already spoken on the matter.
without an invitation, you can attend a marriage, but you cannot meet him or talk to him on the issue, kharge said, referring to prime minister narendra modis visit to lahore to attend a wedding in the nawaz sharif family.
speaker sumitra mahajan stepped in and told members: there should be no spat on the issue.
we all are equally concerned about the fate of jadhav.
outside the house, congress leader p chidambaram said the government should inform parliament about the efforts it had made to secure the release of jadhav.
slamming pakistan, he said jadhav had been put through a kangaroo trial.
i recall a statement by sartaj aziz in december 2016, where he said that there is not enough evidence to proceed against kulbhushan from a statement which says that there is not enough evidence to legally proceed against kulbhushan to a death penalty given by a military tribunal, whose jurisdiction to try an unarmed foreigner is seriously in doubt, is a huge leap, he said.
the world, he said, knows that this was a kangaroo trial if a trial took place at all, and the so-called justice meted out to kulbhushan is sham justice.
the whole nation condemns pakistan for going through this mock or kangaroo trial and inflicting this maximum penalty upon an admitted indian citizen, who according to reports was perhaps kidnapped from a third country and not arrested in territory controlled by pakistan.
we hope that good sense will prevail and the death penalty imposed by this sham tribunal will not be carried out.
this i am saying in the fervent hope and prayer that kulbhushan is still alive, he said.
b'nehal hamid ansari is in pak army custody; his parents in mumbai.
nehal hamid ansari is in pak army custody; his parents in mumbai.
a fortnight after the pakistan army accepted that indian citizen hamid nehal ansari was in their custody and is an undertrial, his mother fauzia met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, requesting the minister to take up the case with her counterparts in pakistan on humanitarian grounds.
swaraj, who was in mumbai on friday, met hamids parents and assured to relook into the case, the family claimed.
it was a brief meeting.
i requested her if i could talk to my son over the phone whenever an official from the high commission plans to meet hamid, fauzia told the indian express.
she (sushma) could see the pain in my eyes and responded with a warm hug and assured me that she would look into the matter.
she told me that her ministry was aware of the case, fauzia added.
since the disappearance of her son in november 2012, fauzia, a teacher by profession, had been running from pillar to post to know the whereabouts of her son.
while the january order by the peshawar high court brought some kind of closure for the ansari household, a fresh struggle to prove their sons innocence is now the only pursuit of hamids aging parents.
hamids father, nehal is an advocate, who practices at bombay high court.
my son has not committed any crime.
he just went there to help a friend.
if he has entered the country illegally, he should be punished for that, but nothing else, fauzia added.
ansari, then 27, left home on november 5, 2012, saying he was headed to afghanistan in search of a job.
but his family later came to know from officials and associates that he was in love with a woman from the kohat region of western pakistan, and had decided to cross over to stop her marriage with another man.
according to police, ansari was allegedly convinced by friends and contacts in pakistan that he could enter the country easily from afghanistan.
indian high commission officials in pakistan believe he was arrested for entering the country illegally.
if i manage to get a visa this time, i would be able to see my son.
i hope the indian authorities consider my plea and help me get visa.
, she adds.
i am thirsty and there is a well in front of me but i cannot drink its water, says fauzia, claiming that she has applied for a visa for over 20 times.
president bidhya devi bhandari president bidhya devi bhandarinepal president bidya devi bhandari will visit india from april 17, her first official foreign trip after assuming office in 2015.
the presidents office has confirmed her india visit, though the detail itinerary of the visit is yet to be made public.
bhandari, nepals first woman president, is visiting india at the invitation of her indian counterpart pranab mukherjee.
during the visit, she will meet president mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and other leaders from the ruling and opposition parties, said madan kumar bhattarai, foreign relations adviser to bhandari.
bhandari will also visit varanasi, where she will attend a function at the banaras hindu university.
some agreements as a gesture of friendly relations between nepal and india is likely to be sealed during her visit, bhattarai said.
bhandari was scheduled to visit india in may last year, but it was cancelled after the then cabinet did not endorse the visit programme citing lack of preparations on the part of the government.
the bilateral ties between the two countries had faced turbulence last year due to the madhesi agitation and subsequent blockade which halted the supply of essential goods to landlocked nepal from india.
madhesis, mostly of indian-origin, had been demanding the new constitution be amended to include their concerns about adequate political representation and redrawing of federal boundaries.
justice markandey katjufoot in mouthformer supreme court judge markandey katju has done it again.
in a series of tweets, the former press council of india chairperson said he regards shazia ilmi much more beautiful than kiran bedi, adding, if shazia had been made their cm candidate bjp wud have definitely won the delhi (sic).
coming from the man who has a penchant for making ridiculous statements  from calling 90 per cent indians idiots to, more recently, suggesting that actor katrina kaif should be the next president  fridays tweets didnt surprise too many.
however, his tweet was followed by noted lawyer harish salve tweeting, seeing mr@justice katjus blog on shazia ilmi should close the debate on the need to replace the system for appointment of judges.
recall valuejayanthi natarajans outburst friday prompted many congressmen to remember the unpleasant experiences they had with her when she was the environment minister.
kerala chief minister oommen chandy remembered that at one point she did not give appointment even to party mps from kerala who wanted to bring to her attention their concerns over kasturirangan and madhav gadgil committee reports.
chandy said he and the then state congress president ramesh chennithala had to raise the issue with sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi.
on another occasion, a senior congress minister from kerala k c joseph was not allowed to meet her when he reached her residence.
her security men simply asked the minister to leave the memorandum, if any, at the gate.
packed scheduleforeign secretary s jaishankar, who joined on thursday, has hit the ground running.
he met the diplomatic corps in delhi on friday and briefed them about the us president barack obamas visit.
next, he is on his way to china, where he will accompany external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, to lay the ground for prime minister narendra modis visit later this year.
next week, he has also called a meeting of the indian heads of missions from across the world.
battleground delhithe congress is pulling out all stops in a desperate attempt to improve its numbers in the delhi assembly.
it has asked its chief ministers to rush to delhi to hold public meetings and reach out to migrant voters.
and some of them are hard-pressed for time.
for instance, kerala chief minister oommen chandy flew in to delhi just for a few hours friday to attend two public meetings.
he landed at the airport in the evening, went straight to ashram and then to mehrauli where he addressed public gatherings, before returning to thiruvananthapuram late in the night.
he has to be in kerala on saturday to attend the inaugural ceremony of the 35th national games.
hrds swordafter delhi university vice-chancellor dinesh singh, whose file has been forwarded by the hrd ministry to the president, the next person likely to face the ministrys wrath will be ignou v-c mohammad aslam.
the committee under gujarat university v-c syed bari to look into various allegations against aslam submitted its part-report to the ministry this week.
it is learnt that the committees report is not favourable for aslam and it has found charges against him to be true.
syed ali shah geelani, mirwaiz umar farooq and mohammad yasin malik on tuesday said the 70-year-old kashmir conflict needed to be addressed through a political and humanitarian angle and not militarily.
(file) syed ali shah geelani, mirwaiz umar farooq and mohammad yasin malik on tuesday said the 70-year-old kashmir conflict needed to be addressed through a political and humanitarian angle and not militarily.
(file)while mainstream political parties have cautiously welcomed home minister rajnath singhs offer of dialogue to the hurriyat, three top kashmiri separatist leaders  syed ali shah geelani, mirwaiz umar farooq and mohammad yasin malik on tuesday said the 70-year-old kashmir conflict needed to be addressed through a political and humanitarian angle and not militarily, as is being carried out by the centre.
in a statement issued in srinagar, the joint resistance leadership (jrl) also asserted that new delhi could not bypass the people of kashmir in their talks with pakistan and must consider them as the third stakeholder.
the trio agreed to join the conflict-resolution process if the centre cleared the ambiguity on the talks offer.
kashmir being a political and human issue it needs to be addressed likewise, not militarily as the government has been doing.
moreover, as j&k is a divided territory and half of it is in pakistan, this dispute has three stakeholders  india, pakistan and people of this land.
absence of any one stake holder will not yield to any solution, the statement said.
read | india, pakistan army agree to fully implement 2003 ceasefire agreementthe three separatist leaders, however, asked new delhi to clearly spell out its stand on its offer of dialogue with pakistan since three different statements by three different leaders had added to the ambiguity.
the statements emanating regarding talks in the course of last few days from different people at the helm of affairs in new delhi are unclear and ambiguous.
let the government give clarity on what it wants to talk about and speak in one language we are ready to join the process, the separatist outfit said.
in the past ten days, a gamut of politicians and union ministers have given their opinion on ways to resolve the kashmir conflict while unilaterally blaming pakistan for being the troublemaker in the state.
home minister rajnath singh said pakistan should also take some initiative even as he asserted kashmir and kashmiris were ours and will remain ours.
home minister rajnath singh said pakistan should also take some initiative even as he asserted kashmir and kashmiris were ours and will remain ours.
(file) home minister rajnath singh said pakistan should also take some initiative even as he asserted kashmir and kashmiris were ours and will remain ours.
(file)while bjp chief amit shah said the ceasefire in j&k during ramzan was meant solely for kashmiri citizens and not the terrorists, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said terror and talks could never go together, ruling out any negotiations with pakistan.
read | people dying on border, terror and talks cant go together: sushmaswaraj swaraj on dialogue with pakistanwhat is this talks about to which singh is referring?
what is the agenda of these talks?
is it about modis suggestion of development?
, the three separatist leaders asked, adding their motive was not to score brownie points by highlighting the discrepancies in the statements.
read | if pakistan ready for talks, shows initiative, india wont say no: rajnath singhtraining their guns on modi for his remarks that the panacea to the kashmir problem was development and peace was a prerequisite to achieving it, the separatists lashed out at the pm for choosing to ignore the historical background of the kashmir problem.
the pm deliberately chose to ignore the historical background of the kashmir problem, the reason for presence of lakhs of his troops and the highly volatile situation on ground.
it was like modi was playing a cruel joke on the people, the statement said.
oliver was beaten to death last week in vasant kunj area of south delhi following a brawl over hiring of an autorickshaw.
oliver was beaten to death last week in vasant kunj area of south delhi following a brawl over hiring of an autorickshaw.
with the african missions alleging racism and afro-phobia in india, days after the killing of a congolese youth in the capital, the government got into damage control mode on wednesday and sought to assuage their concerns on the safety of african nationals.
the government also agreed to meet african envoys once every three months to discuss their grievances.
by evening, the african envoys  who had said they would skip the africa day celebrations on thursday  indicated that they were likely to attend the event.
watch | govt steps in as african envoys allege racismi would like to assure african students in india that this is an unfortunate and painful incident involving local goons.
when i came to know about the unfortunate killing of a congo national in delhi, we directed stringent action against the culprits.
general v k singh will also hold meetings with african students in metro cities to assure them of their safety and security.
we will request state governments to depute commissioners of police in all such meetings, tweeted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
najeeb jung, lt governor, delhi has assured me that he will take immediate action in this regard.
i have already asked lt governor of delhi to take steps and ensure that this case is tried by a fast track court, she tweeted,read: congo man beaten to death: he came to delhi looking for a better lifeminister of state, external affairs, v k singh, met the african envoys based in delhi on wednesday afternoon.
according to officials, singh impressed on the african heads of missions the need to continue the tradition (africa day celebrations) but also said that india would be guided by them in the matter, after which the african side said they would revert on the issue after holding internal discussions.
share this article related article congolese national death: mea official meets victim's familycongolese national death: mea official meets victim's family on africa day, one envoy says it in verse: tell me.
.
.
what did i do wrong?
on africa day, one envoy says it in verse: tell me.
.
.
what did i do wrong?
days after congolese youth's death, mea says indian shops attacked in congodays after congolese youth's death, mea says indian shops attacked in congo govt steps in as african envoys allege racismgovt steps in as african envoys allege racism murder of congolese national: african countries want 'africa day' put offmurder of congolese national: african countries want 'africa day' put off congolese youth murder: sushmaswaraj steps in, says govt committed to safety of african nationalssources said the african side seemed to be satisfied with indias efforts to bring to book the culprits of the attack and were likely to attend the celebrations tomorrow.
read: how a molestation case and an abandoned bike led cops to suspectswhen asked if they would attend the event, dean of african group heads of missions and ambassador of eritrea alem tsehage woldemariam said, lets see.
there is still a day left.
on tuesday, the group of nations had sought postponement of the africa day celebrations being organised by the indian council for cultural relations (iccr) and announced their decision not to participate in the event, except the cultural troupe from the kingdom of lesotho.
the missions had said the african community in india, including students, were in a state of mourning in memory of the slain african students in the last few years.
read: african countries want africa day put offthe group of african heads of mission have met and deliberated extensively on this latest incident in the series of attacks to which members of african community in india have been subjected in the last few years.
they note, with deep concern, that several attacks and harassment of africans in india have gone unresolved without diligent protection and conviction of perpetrators, said woldemariam in a sharply-worded note.
he said the envoys of the african countries had asked the government to take urgent steps to guarantee the safety of africans in india including appropriate programmes of public awareness that will address the problem of racism and afro-phobia in india.
detailing the events leading to the death of congolese national masonda ketada oliver in delhi on may 20, the african missions expressed their will to partner with civil society in india to address stereotypes and racial prejudices against africans in india.
however, the mea in a separate statement said all criminal acts should not be seen as racially-motivated.
the indian-american foster father of 3-year-old sherin mathews, sentenced to life in prison for the death of the toddler who was found dead in a culvert in 2017, has begun serving the jail term in dallas.
in a case that attracted much international attention, wesley mathews, 39, pleaded guilty on june 24 to a lesser charge of injury to a child in sherins tragic death.
advertisinghe was originally charged with capital murder by authorities in the us state of texas after they discovered sherins highly decomposed body after a massive search that lasted 15 days.
on thursday, dallas county sheriff officials said that mathews was transferred from dallas county jail to state prison at around 12:58 am thursday.
a dallas county jury heard the case, and mathews was sentenced to life in prison in sherins death on june 26.
mathews has since filed another appeal in the case asking for a new sentencing trial.
his attorney alleges photos of sherins body were prejudicial.
read | sherin mathews death: indian govt suspends us adoption agencyadvertisingjurors expressed visible emotion when shown the exhibits, defence attorney brook busbee wrote in the appeal.
the appeal also claims that evidence of prior injuries on sherins body prejudiced the jury.
the court filing said that those injuries cannot be linked to mathews.
the father had reported sherin missing after he put her outside october 7, 2017, because she wouldnt drink her milk.
her badly decomposed body was found 15 days later in a culvert.
prosecutors argued mathews hid his crime, making it impossible to determine exactly what happened to the girl because of how badly decomposed her body was.
mathews testified that his daughter choked on her milk and that he wrapped her body in a trash bag because he wanted to do something nice for her.
sherins adoptive mother, sini mathews, was also criminally charged after the childs body was found, but that case was later dismissed after the dallas county district attorney said there was not enough evidence to prosecute.
mathews and his wife sini mathews, both hailing from kerala, adopted sherin from an orphanage in bihars nalanda district in 2016.
read | sherin mathews gravesite in dallas made publicpolice charged sherins foster mother sini with child abandonment in november 2017, after mathews told officials that the couple left the toddler alone the night of her death while they went to dinner with their biological daughter.
sinis case was dismissed in march this year after prosecutors said they could not prove it beyond a reasonable doubt.
sherins death attracted the attention of the indian government and then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took a keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
india revoked the overseas citizenship of india (oci) immigration status of wesley and sini after sherins death.
the government further tightened the adoption process after sherins tragic death.
b'the current version of the bill, the 108th amendment, seeks to reserve 33 per cent of all seats in governing bodies at the centre, state and local level.
the current version of the bill, the 108th amendment, seeks to reserve 33 per cent of all seats in governing bodies at the centre, state and local level.
cutting across party lines, rajya sabha members on thursday voiced concern over incidents of crime against women and made a strong case for early passage of the bill to provide 33 per cent reservation to women in parliament and state assemblies.
the house, which has been witnessing disruptions and stalling of proceedings since monday, today spoke in one voice on the issue of womens rights to celebrate the international womens day.
as soon as the members assembled to take up todays business, chairman m venkaiah naidu made a reference to the international womens day, which is observed all over the world to celebrate the achievements of women as well as to renew commitment to empowering them and ending gender biases.
with women constituting about 50 per cent of our population, social, economic and political empowerment of women, including providing reservation in parliament and state legislatures, has to be accorded top priority for the country to achieve rapid progress, naidu said at the outset.
he stressed the need to renew focus on gender equality and safety of women, besides efforts to educate and empower them.
the womens reservation bill, seeking to reserve one-third of all seats for women in the lok sabha and the state legislative assemblies, was passed by the rajya sabha in march 2010 and is pending passage in the lok sabha.
after naidus remarks, women mps from different parties spoke on the issue and pressed for early passage of the legislation.
highlighting the achivements of indian women in diverse field, she said it is also a fact that women are being subjected to injustice, which is a matter of shame.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad expressed concern over rising incidents of sexual assault against girl child.
the government, together with the opposition, should create an atmosphere to ensure the safety of women, he said, and agreed with others on early passage of the womens quota bill.
earlier, the chairman said visible policing and patrolling has to be increased, particularly in desolate areas and during nights to curb crimes against women.
stating that no religion denigrates the status of women, naidu said aberrations have crept into our ways of living in modern times and they have to be eliminated.
initiating the discussion, veteran congress mp ambika soni rued that the womens bill passed in the upper house is still languishing and demanded that the upper house pass a resolution that it is committed to this legislation.
viplove thakur (cong) wondered why there is no woman in panel of vice-chairman and also demanded passage of the reservation bill, while satish chandra mishra (bsp) demanded that one woman should be included in the panel of chair.
naidu agreed with the suggestion by these members to have a woman member in the panel.
anu aga (nominated) said i am not for this one-day tokenism of allowing women to speak, giving them opportunity.
if we look at the female foeticide rate in india, which is on the rise, the safety of women is not there.
so, i request all the men, stop throwing crumbs at us, and instead of this tokenism, throughout the year, treat us with respect and offer us opportunities, she said.
kanimozhi (dmk) expressed concern over womens safety and also requested the government to get the bill passed.
tiruchi shiva (dmk) demanded that sanitary napkins should be exempted from the gst.
subramanian swamy said there has not been a single woman cabinet secretary in 70 years and suggested that there should be one.
derek obrien (tmc) said his party already has 34 per cent of women mps without the bill.
we can wait for the bill.
yes, we all want the bill, but this is a very practical suggestion.
d raja (cpi) said: we must stand by our commitment to provide reservation to women, and the parliament should see that the womens reservation bill is passed as early as possible.
renuka chowdhary (cong) also pressed for early passage of the bill and added that crimes against women has increased.
kumari selja (cong) favoured that the upper house pass a resolution that the reservation bill be passed by the lower house at the earliest, while rajani patil (cong) recited a poem by amrita pritam reflecting the plight of women in the society and said the bjp-led government should pass the reservation bill.
chaya verma (cong) also demanded early passage of the bill, while alleging that the nirbhaya fund for providing safety and security to women was not being utilised.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting with ?
yury trutnev, deputy prime minister of russia, in new delhi on friday.
pti photo by subhav shukla external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting with ?
yury trutnev, deputy prime minister of russia, in new delhi on friday.
pti photo by subhav shuklarussian deputy prime minister yuri trutnev friday held discussions with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on ways to boost economic cooperation including in the energy and diamond processing sectors.
the two leaders discussed wide-ranging issues regarding india-russia economic relations.
they agreed that the privileged strategic partnership between india and russia is based on long-standing and time-tested ties, is very deep and extends to all spheres of mutual interest, an external affairs ministry release said.
they also discussed issues related to further strengthening of trade and investment cooperation between india and the regions of the resource-rich russian far east, it said.
swaraj specifically stressed the growing mutual beneficial ties between india and russia in the energy sector, particularly in the russian far east, it said.
she also emphasised on cooperation in maritime and agricultural sector, and on institutional linkages between the countries in these areas, and hoped that the mutual complementary strength of india and russia in the diamond sector will be exploited fully.
the leaders agreed that the forthcoming interaction between the leaders of the two countries and various ministerial interactions will provide further thrust to the development of economic cooperation between india and russia.
prime minister narendra modi is scheduled to travel to russia on june one to attend st petersburg international economic forum (spief).
he will also be holding a bilateral summit with russian president vladimir putin.
swaraj also thanked trutnev for inviting india for participation in the third eastern economic forum to be held in vladivostok in september this year.
trutnev also addressed a business event which concluded with the signing of an mou between invest india and the far east investment and export agency.
the visit of the russian deputy prime minister, which started from mumbai, was primarily aimed at spreading awareness among the indian business community regarding the opportunities for investment available in the far-eastern region of russia.
given the considerable economic potential and our willingness for greater interaction with this region, the visit has enabled further consolidation of bilateral cooperation in the areas of mining, diamond processing, infrastructure (ports etc), agriculture and agro-processing, the release added.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj outside parliament in new delhi.
(source: express photo by anil sharma) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj outside parliament in new delhi.
(source: express photo by anil sharma)defending herself against a raft of criticism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday accused the congress of indulging in cheap politics even as she said the government did not keep anyone in the dark over the death of 39 indians in iraqs mosul.
the revelation set off a row with the opposition, which accused it of being insensitive for not informing the victims families first.
the rajya sabha was adjourned for the day within about 30 minutes since it assembled after swaraj made a suo motu statement on the issue.
to clear the air, the union minister later held a press conference as the opposition disrupted her statement in the lok sabha raising slogans.
what did sushmaswaraj swaraj say in rajya sabha today?
all the 39 indians abducted by the islamic state in mosul in iraq three years ago are dead and their bodies have been recovered, said swaraj in the rajya sabha.
their identities were established through dna testing and their bodies recovered from a village called badosh- northwest of mosul, she said, adding that it was not immediately known when the indians were killed.
the mortal remains, which were exhumed from a mass grave in badosh, will be brought back to india on a special plane and handed over to their relatives, she said.
i had said that i will not declare anyone dead without substantive proof today i have come to fulfil that commitment, she said.
i had said that closure will be done with full proof.
and when we will, with a heavy heart, give the mortal remains to their kin, it will be a kind of closure.
a group of 40 indian workers, mostly from punjab, and some bangladeshi were taken hostage by isis when it overran iraqs second largest city mosul in 2014.
of the 40 indians, one harjit masih from gurdaspur had managed to escape.
read: no govt can declare anyone dead without proof, says sushmaswaraj swarajwhat happened in the lok sabha?
the lok sabha proceedings were paralysed by ruckus created by parties from andhra pradesh and tamil nadu for the 12th straight day, even as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed both the houses of the death of 39 missing indians in iraq.
in the lok sabha, swaraj was unable to make an elaborate statement on the 39 indians killed in iraq, due to ruckus created by opposition members.
external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with mos v k singh.
express photo by prem nath pandey external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with mos v k singh.
express photo by prem nath pandeyspeaker sumitra mahajan urged the members to maintain order as swaraj wanted to inform the house about a serious issue.
subsequently, left and congress members raised slogans, nearly drowning the voice of the external affairs minister.
to this, the speaker said: she wants to inform the house about the 39 indians killed in iraq.
please listen to her.
i want to present the evidence today.
please listen to meplease maintain silence, the minister said.
after her statement was repeatedly disrupted by the opposition, the speaker wondered whether the members have become insensitive and have lost compassion towards fellow countrymen.
dont indulge in such politics.
dont be so insensitive  this is a very sorry state.
it has never been such a sorry state (of affairs).
it is sad, mahajan remarked.
swaraj blamed the congress for disrupting her statement in ls, dismisses it as cheap politicswhile noting that everyone listened to her statement patiently in the rajya sabha, she hoped it would be the same in the lok sabha.
but this was not to be.
in rajya sabha everyone listened to me speaking very patiently and in peace.
everyone paid tribute, i thought same would happen in lok sabha.
but unlike the past few days of ruckus, today congress led the protests under jyotiraditya scindia ji.
very unfortunate, she said.
the congress indulged in very cheap level of politics and crossed the limit.
will we indulge in politics over death as well, swaraj added.
declared about the death of 39 indians only after getting proof.
i personally talked to the foreign ministers of the respective countries, i went to them and asked them if they have any evidence they provide us the same.
on questions raised by some kin of victims as to why they werent informed about the deaths before parliament session, swaraj explained its parliamentary procedure to first inform the house.
she also demanded that congress explain why it disrupted lok sabha proceedings when she was to give details on deaths of 39 indians in iraq.
harjit masih, the lone survivor, said the government knew about the deaths but withheld news from public, swaraj rubbishes his claimharjit masih, the lone survivor who had managed to flee the isis following his abduction along with 39 other indians in iraq in 2014, today asked the government to withdraw a case of human trafficking registered against him by the punjab police.
he alleged that the government knew about the deaths of the 39 indians in iraq but did not tell the public due to political reasons.
the government told me not to tell anyone that they (other indians) were dead.
they asked me to say that i did not know about them and that i had run away (from iraq), he told media.
read:my stand vindicated, case against me should be withdrawnharjit masih.
harjit masih.
after sushmaswaraj swaraj revealed the news to the house and the media later, 29-year-old masih said he had been maintaining for the last three years that all the other indians had been killed.
i had been saying for the last three years that all 39 indians had been killed (by isis militants), he said.
i had spoken the truth, he asserted.
swaraj rubbished his version saying, his was a cock-and-bull story, adding he had managed to flee the isis by faking his identity as a muslim from bangladesh.
she also said that masih could claim 39 others are dead, but the government cant vouch for that easily.
we are the government, we cant say this so easily.
we have to be responsible, swaraj remarked in the press conference held in new delhi.
it would have been a sin had we handed over anybodys body claiming it to be those of our people, just for the sake of closing files, she said.
mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)out of the deceased, 27 people were from punjab, six from bihar, four from himachal pradesh and two from west bengal.
the identity of one of them is yet to be verified.
i am satisfied that i had stated that will declare them dead only on the day i have concrete evidence, i kept my word.
i will get my closure when i would hand over the mortal remains to their families & they receive proper last rites, added swaraj.
declared about the death of 39 indians only after getting proof.
i personally talked to the foreign ministers of the respective countries, i went to them and asked them if they have any evidence they provide us the same.
the minister said she has directed the indian envoy in iraq to impress upon the iraqi authorities to expedite the process to hand over the bodies to india.
congress accused the government of being insensitive towards victims familiesthe congress charged sushmaswaraj swaraj of playing politics on the matter and accused the nda government of being insensitive towards the families of 39 indians killed in iraq.
party president rahul gandhi expressed shock and his deepest condolences at the killings of the indians.
meanwhile, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said the modi government has crossed all limits of insensitivity as it preferred to make the announcement on television rather than calling up every families and informing them individually.
pm narendra modi rallies behind swaraj after barrage of criticism hurled at herprime minister prime minister narendra modiprime minister narendra modi on tuesday rallied behind her and said the ministry of external affairs and colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and v k singh left no stone unturned in trying to trace and safely bring back those we lost in mosul.
he also said, indians stand in solidarity with the families of the 39 indians killed in mosul in iraq and the government is fully committed to ensure the safety of indians abroad.
read: indians stand in solidarity with the families of the 39 indians killed in mosul: pm modievery indian grieves with those who lost their loved ones in mosul.
we stand in solidarity with the bereaved families and pay our respects to the indians killed in mosul, added pm modi.
for victims families, all hopes of seeing them came crashing downas victims families struggled to come to terms with the bitter truth, some of the family members wondered why the centre kept them in the dark all this while.
an inconsolable gurpinder kaur, whose 27-year-old younger brother manjinder singh was among the victims, said, initially, they were saying the indians are alive.
now the minister today made such a statement.
read: victims families call it governments biggest failurewe were not even told about it; we came to know from tv, she told pti, her voice choked with grief.
india voices its support to iraq in its fight against terrorismindias ambassador to iraq pradeep singh rajpurohit told pti: it is indeed a moment of deep grief and sadness for us to learn that a group of indian workers in mosul have become victims of the menace of terrorism.
we express our heartfelt condolences to the bereaved families in india.
read: shattered family of gobinder singh wants job for his sonout of the 39 missing indians, until now, dna of a total of 38 human remains have matched with the dna obtained from the blood samples of the relatives from the states of punjab, himachal pradesh, bihar and west bengal which were handed over by us to the forensic department.
rajpurohit also told reporters here that india strongly condemns terrorism in all forms and manifestations and stands in solidarity with the government and the people of iraq in their fight against terrorism.
external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
express photo by prem nath pandey external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
express photo by prem nath pandeyexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday asked the indian embassy in kenya to send the details about reports of an indian boy being killed in nairobi.
her response came after one netra parikh tweeted to her saying an indian boy was assaulted at his home in nairobi at 3 am local time.
suchitra  please send me a report on this @indiainkenya, swaraj tweeted.
suchitra durai is the indian ambassador in kenya.
earlier, parikh had tweeted, madam indian family boy shot dead in his home in nairobi.
can you pls check reports & help/support them.
thanks (sic).
she also said the name of the boy was bunty shah and he was working in the bobmil industries limited.
the external affairs ministers intervention came after a tweet by one shweta kapur: @sushmaswaraj an indian citizen has passed away of natural causes while on a tour in south africa (sic).
b'republic day parade rehearsal in full swing at vijaypath.
(tashi tobgyal) republic day parade rehearsal in full swing at vijaypath.
(tashi tobgyal)in the wake of the pathankot terror attack, as many as 10,000 personnel from paramilitary forces have been deployed in the city as part of security arrangements leading up to republic day celebrations.
french president francois hollande will be the chief guest at this years republic day parade.
according to sources, the decision to deploy 100 companies of central paramilitary forces in the city for republic day was taken to thwart possibilities of a terror attack.
highest possible security cover will be given in delhi in the run up to the republic day and during the celebration where the french president will be the chief guest, said a home ministry official.
fifty companies of paramilitary forces were deployed for republic day in 2014, while 95 companies were deployed in 2015 when us president barack obama was the chief guest.
to neutralise any threat from air, no-fly zones will be implemented across several areas of the capital.
meanwhile, home minister rajnath singh chaired a high-level meeting tuesday to review the security situation in the country.
with intelligence inputs warning of the possibility of more terror attacks by outfits like jaish-e-mohammed and lashkar-e-toiba, security arrangements to foil such attacks were discussed at the meeting.
according to sources, particular emphasis was placed on securing defence installations ahead of the republic day, especially army and air force installations located along the india-pakistan border.
these sites have been placed on high alert, sources said.
sources said that coordination between multiple agencies to ensure real-time sharing of actionable intelligence was also stressed upon during the meeting.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met singh at the latters residence tuesday evening, amid uncertainty over whether the foreign secretary-level talks between india and pakistan, scheduled for january 15 in islamabad, will go ahead as planned.
while the offices of both ministers did not comment on the issues discussed, sources said the pathankot attack may have figured during the 20-minute meeting.
b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks during the 70th session of the united nations general assembly.
(ap photo/seth wenig) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks during the 70th session of the united nations general assembly.
(ap photo/seth wenig)as 2015 drew to an end, reports appeared in the indian and israeli press of an event of potentially far-reaching strategic importance, which went largely unmentioned in the mainstream media in the west.
the reports referred to the successful testing of the barak-8 long-range surface-to-air missile somewhere in the indian ocean, from the indian navys stealth destroyer, ins kolkata.
the barak-8 (lightening in hebrew), brimming with cutting-edge technology, is the product of a joint indo-israeli development endeavour.
it reflects precisely the culmination of a process envisaged in a policy-paper this writer had co-authored with the late m.l. sondhi as far back as 1998, when indo-israeli relations were still in their infancy.
the study  one of the very first to identify the ascendancy of india as a strategic power, and the potentially profound significance of this for israel  recognised both the necessity of and the mutual benefits entailed in joint-indo-israeli development initiatives.
and it designated the naval sphere to be of particular promise: sea power could become a factor of increasing significance.
israels long-term strategic need to strengthen its navy corresponds well with indias desire to extend its maritime capabilities.
the successful barak-8 test constitutes a ringing endorsement of that prognoses and also a fitting precursor to the just-concluded visit of indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to israel.
the visit, on the heels of one by president pranab mukherjee last october, and ahead of a speculated visit by prime minister narendra modi, signifies that india no longer feels the need to keep its burgeoning ties with israel discreetly low-profile.
commonly cited constraints that reportedly inhibited more demonstrative warmth between the two countries were: one, the wish to avoid angering indias large muslim minority; and two, concern for the considerable expatriate indian community working in the arab gulf states.
however, of late, it appears that the dampening effect of these factors has waned.
for, in what seems to be a discernible change in its voting pattern in international institutions, india has refrained from voting against israel in various un bodies, as it did in the past, preferring to abstain from anti-israel resolutions.
since the establishment of diplomatic relations, almost a quarter-century ago, the bilateral relationship has grown steadily, irrespective of which party has been in power.
but while its true that it was a congress government, led by then-pm p.v. narasimha rao, that initiated the normalisation between the two countries, there has always been a perceptible sense of greater warmth in the relationship under bjp governments.
this enhanced ambience of indo-israeli amiti is certainly the case with the modi government.
indeed, the appointment of the unabashedly pro-israel swaraj as foreign minister, who, when in opposition, served as chairperson of the indo-israel parliamentary friendship group (2006-09) and reportedly sees former israeli premier golda meir as a role model, certainly seems to symbolise the desire for enhanced ties between the two countries.
strengthening bilateral ties entails potentially huge benefits for both parties.
trade has grown more than 20-fold since formal diplomatic ties were established  from a meagre $200 million to almost $5 billion today.
for israel, an uptick in its relations with india couldnt have come at a more fortuitous time  especially given the chilly winds blowing its way from the european union, with talk of punitive economic measures evermore prevalent.
the recent european decision to label israeli merchandise produced beyond the pre-1967 frontiers has made israeli concerns all the more tangible.
in contrast to europes dark past of animosity towards the jews, indias history has virtually no record of any significant anti-semitism.
this, together with the burgeoning indian middle class with its increasing purchasing power and the fact that india will soon be the worlds third-largest economy, makes it a lucrative target for israeli business, not only in its own right but as a strategic alternative to the eu, should further restrictions on israeli products be imposed by brussels.
the prospect of enhanced trade with the east in general and india in particular clearly enhances the importance of the indian ocean theatre for israel as a commercial maritime route.
accordingly, cooperation and coordination with the indian navy is likely to become an increasingly important factor in ensuring the secure passage of cargo in both directions.
but for israel, commerce is not the only reason for the increased importance of the indian ocean.
indeed, given the spectre of a resurgent iran unencumbered by international sanctions and its coffers replenished by the nuclear deal, the waters of the indian ocean have assumed critical significance for israels security, as reflected by its recently expanded and modernised submarine fleet.
the potential for mutually beneficial collaboration between india and israel spans virtually the entire spectrum of human endeavour  from national security on land, sea and air, through cutting-edge civilian technology in medicine, food production and communications, to cultural exchanges, enhancement of water management and rural development.
but beyond that, there appears to be a special affinity between the two peoples that transcends cordial government-to-government relations.
the visit of the top diplomat of the worlds largest democracy, sushmaswaraj swaraj, to the worlds most beleaguered one, was built on this foundation.
aiadmk leader m thambidurai.
(file photo) aiadmk leader m thambidurai.
(file photo)raising the issue of the alleged killing of the tamil fisherman by sri lankan navy during the budget session in lok sabha on thursday, the aiadmk urged the centre to take action with regards to the situation and make sure that such incidents dont repeat.
it is high time india intervene and protect its citizens, and see to it that such incidents dont repeat, aiadmk leader m thambidurai said in lok sabha.
several aiadmk members wanted to raise the issue of sri lankan navy firing at tamil fishermen early on during the day.
they raised slogans and trooped into the well of the house.
but speaker sumitra mahajan said that they could raise the issue during zero hour.
on monday, a 22-year-old tamil fisherman was shot dead allegedly by lankan navy personnel while he was fishing in a mechanised boat at a short distance off katchatheevu islet.
the death of the fisherman sparked protests from the community who demanded an assurance by the centre on protecting their livelihood.
the sri lankan government had on wednesday said an initial probe report has ruled out its navys involvement in the killing of the fisherman.
on thursday, the protesters demanded that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
local fishermen association leaders said they would boycott fishing till swaraj visited rameswaram and extended the assurance.
b'this refers to the article, prelude to contagion (ie, april 10).
the judiciary should check imprudent measures like farm loan waivers, neither good in the short term, nor in the long term.
arent populist politics a fraud on the voters mandate?
the chief justice recently spoke of holding parties accountable for their poll promises.
but these should also stand the test of prudence.
nishant parashar, chandigarhdigital dilemmasthis refers to the article, dear digital indian (ie, april 12).
the author argues that it is up to the reader to choose what to read in the post-truth era.
but that is easier said than done.
with online platforms catering to hoaxes, pranks and fake news, it is difficult to navigate and make informed choices.
the article rightly points out that algorithms are not designed to present a balanced viewpoint.
googles new fact check filter is a commendable countermeasure.
in this age of big data and the internet of things, we need to graduate from mere internet literacy to empowering education of the internet.
salini johnson, delhivirtues of sanskritthis refers to the article, living with sanskrit (ie, april 11).
there is a generational link between all languages and sanskrit could be described as the grand mother.
its time we delinked the study of languages from gainful employment.
sanskrit is a tool to obtain historical and philosophical knowledge.
syed taheer ahmad, aligarhjustice for jadhavthis refers to the editorial, a bizarre charade (ie, april 12).
today, who can believe that pakistan is a democracy governed by the rule of law?
the military prevails entirely on the civilian government in that country.
kulbhushan jadhav was trapped by the isi and tried in a closed military court.
one hopes that the government will fulfill this promise.
b'pm narendra modi received president of france emmanuel macron and his wife brigitte macron at the delhi airport, friday, march 09, 2018.
(express photo/prem nath pandey) pm narendra modi received president of france emmanuel macron and his wife brigitte macron at the delhi airport, friday, march 09, 2018.
(express photo/prem nath pandey)french president emmanuel macron arrived in india on friday night.
he was received by prime minister narendra modi, who broke protocol and reached the delhi airport to meet the french premier.
macron, who is on a four-day visit to india, was accompanied by his wife brigitte marie-claude and senior cabinet ministers.
soon after deboarding his plane at the air force station palam in west delhi, macron was greeted by the indian prime ministers trademark bear hug.
macron will be in india from march 9 to 12.
he received a ceremonial reception at 9 am at the rashtrapati bhavan on saturday.
he then paid his respects to mahatma gandhi, at raj ghat.
also read: emmanuel macron arrives; india, france work on renewing rafale clauseat 10 am, the french prime minister met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at alliance francaise.
macron met prime minister narendra modi at hyderabad house at 11.
30 am.
delegation level talks took place at 12.
30 pm.
modi with the french president modi with the french presidentafter the delegation-level talks, both the leaders issued a joint statement.
india and france on saturday signed 14 key pacts in a bid to enhance strategic partnership in areas of security, nuclear energy as well as protection of classified information after extensive talks between modi and macron.
addressing a joint media event with macron, modi said the two countries have robust cooperation in the fields of defence and security.
on his part, macron said india and france have decided to work together to deal with threats of terrorism and radicalisation.
this was followed by an exchange of agreements and press statements at ball room in hyderabad house.
the ceos forum took place at 2.
30 pm.
later, in the day, macron met president ram nath kovind at rashtrapati bhavan at 3.
30 pm.
the french president will later interact with students at 4.
15 pm.
president ram nath kovind with macron.
(ani pic) president ram nath kovind with macron.
(ani pic)at 7.
30 pm, there will be a welcome ceremony for international solar alliance at rashtrapati bhavan.
the other two days itinerary is as follows:sunday, march 11, 20180900 hrsinternational solar alliance summitvenue: rashtrapati bhavan cultural centre(please see separate media advisory for isa ,2018)1605 hrsemplane for agra1715 hrsarrive and visit taj mahal1855 hrsemplane for delhimonday, march 12, 20180925 hrsemplane for varanasi1115 hrsinauguration of solar power plant , mirzapurvenue: solar power plant ,mirzapur (u.
p)1235 hrsarrive & visit pt.
deen dayal upadhyay hastkala sankulvenue: pt.
stunned by party patriarch l k advani s decision to quit key posts,bharatiya janata partys top decision-making body the parliamentary board tonight rejected his resignation,insisting that the party needs his guidance more than ever before.
the board held an urgent meeting at the residence of party chief rajnath singh hours after advani resigned from parliamentary board,national executive and election committee to protest gujarat chief minister narendra modi being made campaign committee chief.
the board passed a resolution unanimously rejecting advanis resignation.
soon after,senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley,ananth kumar and ravi shankar prasad went to meet advani to inform him about the parliamentary boards decision.
bjp parliamentary board has decided to reject the resignation of l k advani, singh said after the two-hour meeting.
shri l k advani,in a letter,sent to me resigned from the parliamentary board,national executive and election committee.
ever since the inception of the bjp and the jana sangh,he has been there as a leader and guide.
that role belongs to him and today the party and nation needs him to be there more than ever before, the resolution said.
the resolution was read out by rajnath singh in presence of swaraj,jaitley,kumar and prasad.
singh said only six of 12 members of the parliamentary board were present at the meeting.
four members,including modi,could not come at such a short notice,he said.
others absent at the meeting were murli manohar joshi,thavarchand gehlot and nitin gadkari.
they have also supported the decision taken by the parliamentary board to reject the resignation.
they have also talked to advaniji to request him to take back his resignation, he said.
as a party president,i have decided that under no condition,i will accept his resignation, singh said.
kulbhushan jadhav was charged with spying for the research & analysis wing and allegedly being involved in subversive activities in the gilgit-baltistan region.
kulbhushan jadhav was charged with spying for the research & analysis wing and allegedly being involved in subversive activities in the gilgit-baltistan region.
pakistan defence minister khawaja asif on tuesday defended the death sentence awarded to former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav by the countrys military court, saying that all the rules and laws of the land were followed.
he added that jadhavs trial went on for three months.
his comments come a day after india warned pakistan against carrying out the death sentence.
on monday, in a strongly-worded demarche given to pakistan high commissioner abdul basit, india said if the sentencing was carried out then it will be treated as a premeditated murder as there was no credible evidence against jadhav.
asif earlier said that jadhavs sentencing should serve as a warning to those plotting against pakistan.
those plotting against pakistan will not be spared, asif said.
jadhav was charged with spying for the research & analysis wing and allegedly being involved in subversive activities in the gilgit-baltistan region.
prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)prime minister narendra modi on saturday addressed eighth indian heads of missions conference here.
key foreign policy issues and challenges, including indias engagement with major powers as well as strain in ties with pakistan and china, are being discussed at the event, which around 120 envoys are attending.
major developments globally and how india should formulate its policy to deal with them are being discussed in the meet as well.
the conference comes as india-pakistan ties have nosedived again following the beheading of two indian soldiers by pakistani military in jammu and kashmir.
the issue is likely to figure during the discussions.
indias ties with resource-rich africa as well as with gulf countries and the situation in west asia are also expected to be taken up at the meet.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had inaugurated the four-day conference on friday.
external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
express file photo by prem nath pandey external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
express file photo by prem nath pandeyexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked the indian embassy in the us for a report on the alleged beating of a sikh boy in the washington state.
according to news reports, the 14-year-old sikh boy was punched and knocked down by his classmate in the washington state with his father claiming that his son was targeted because he is of indian descent.
i have seen news reports about the beating of a sikh boy in us.
chinese president xi jinping, left, and indian prime minister narendra modi at brics summit.
(ap file photo) chinese president xi jinping, left, and indian prime minister narendra modi at brics summit.
(ap file photo)days before the government sent out a note asking senior leaders and government functionaries of the centre and states to stay away from events planned for march-end and early april by the tibetan leadership in india to mark the start of 60 years in exile of the dalai lama, south block had informed beijing about indias move, sources have told the indian express.
this was conveyed through diplomatic channels as a mark of goodwill that was sought to be generated in beijing, and set the ball rolling for a reset in ties with china, now culminating in an informal summit between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping in wuhan on april 27-28.
they were told about the letter on dalai lama before it was sent out, sources said, adding that a similar letter had been sent on the 50th anniversary of the dalai lamas exile, but this time the relations were far more strained than the earlier occasion.
as first reported by the indian express, foreign secretary vijay gokhale, in a letter to cabinet secretary p k sinha on february 22, underlined that this is a very sensitive time for bilateral relations with china.
during gokhales visit to beijing on february 23, the idea of an informal summit is learnt to have first been brought up.
there was need for a reset and the idea was floated so that a reset is possible at the highest level, sources said.
also read | all set for reset, pm modi and chinas xi to hold informal meet this weeksince modi was scheduled to travel to qingdao for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit on june 9-10, south block debated the pros and cons of the move to have a meeting before that.
on march 20, modi congratulated xi on being re-elected president, and told him that it demonstrates that xi enjoys the support of the whole chinese nation.
during that conversation, the idea of an informal summit was discussed and finalised.
april was almost decided to be the month, and a venue outside beijing, it was thought, would give it the colour of an informal summit.
officials were then told to work out the dates and venue.
also read | sushmaswaraj swaraj meets xi, stresses need to learn each others languagesushma swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
(reuters) sushmaswaraj swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
(reuters)through the next one month, officials discussed and held meetings on the possible date and venue.
chinese vice foreign minister kong xuanyou came to delhi on april 6, met counterpart gokhale and national security advisor ajit doval.
in between, there were meetings on trans-border rivers, nuclear suppliers group, the border dispute among other things.
then, on april 13, doval held talks with yang jiechi, member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and director of central foreign affairs commission in shanghai.
read | govt sends out note: very sensitive time for ties with china, so skip dalai lama eventsthe dates and venue were set by then, and it was decided to let officials prepare for the visit.
indian officials were granted visas on april 20, and a team of indian diplomats left for wuhan over the weekend.
the final announcement was made after the meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi on april 22.
on tuesday, a day after announcing the informal india-china summit, swaraj met the top chinese leadership including president xi and vice president wang qishan in beijing.
b'prime minister narendra modi (right) with french president emmanuel macron in new delhi.
(express photo by amit mehra) prime minister narendra modi (right) with french president emmanuel macron in new delhi.
(express photo by amit mehra)as french president emmanuel macron started his four-day visit to india on march 9, the sikh community settled in france has once again raised the turban issue and written to the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take notice of the situation of sikhs in the country.
the letter (a copy is with the indian express) has been sent by conseil reprsentatif des sikhs de france (representative council of sikhs of france) based in paris, saying that sikhs are being asked to remove their turbans for getting photographs clicked for several official documents.
speaking to the indian express, ranjit g singh, spokesperson of the council of sikhs in france said that dastaar struggle continues in france for sikhs as they are still being asked to remove their turbans when they apply for any official document.
despite the success that we got in the united nations after raising the issue there, ground reality has not changed in france.
whenever we apply for an identity document, we are asked to remove turban.
the french sikh community is struggling for their identity here.
the issue was raised during the visit of former french president f.hollande to new delhi but it remains unsolved till now, he said.
a passport copy released by the council.
express a passport copy released by the council.
expresssikhs have alleged that even children are not allowed to wear turbans in schools and sikhs also lose job opportunities if they wear a turban.
we want the indian authorities to raise our issues with the french president.
the sikh diaspora are settled in france since decades, but still a question mark is raised on our identity.
this is simply hurting our religious sentiments and french government continues to do it despite the united nations human rights committee supporting us, singh added.
the letter has also been sent to shiromani gurdwara prabandhak committee (sgpc), indian embassy in paris, delhi sikh gurdwara management committee and mps from punjab including harsimrat kaur badal, dharamvir gandhi, bhagwant mann and harinder singh khalsa.
the council in its letter has also raised the issue of bus cards (navigo cards) issued in france.
this year, even a bus card (navigo card) require a picture without dastaar (sikh turban).
it is a humiliation that every time we have to remove turbans for it and then show that card having that picture.
passport, european licence card, health card, student card and public transport card, we are not allowed to wear turban in the photograph, the letter reads.
b'rajya sabha mp and bjp leader subramanian swamy hit out at rbi governor raghuram rajan.
rajya sabha mp and bjp leader subramanian swamy hit out at rbi governor raghuram rajan.
asserting that the all-out attack by bharatiya janata party (bjp) leader subramanian swamy on reserve bank of india (rbi) governor raghuram rajan was just a ruse as the real target was arun jaitley, the congress on wednesday alleged that prime minister narendra modi had unleashed a ploy to sideline the finance minister.
prime minister narendra modi never had any faith either in democratic values or in constitutional statutory institutions.
the bjp and the rss always want to weaken the constitutional and statutory institutions and that is why subramanian swamy was brought in as part of a conspiracy, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
accusing the prime minister of having no faith in his cabinet colleagues, he added that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union home minister rajnath singh and other union ministers were sidelined at first and now it was the finance ministers turn.
as they say in hindi, raghuram rajan to bahana hai, arun jaitley nishaana hai.
we deprecate and condemn this systematic attack on constitutional institutions.
rajan, who is a great economist and has done commendable work for this country, is taking strict action against bank defaulters, surjewala added.
he also claimed that the prime minister had sanctioned the attack on rajan, as he was scared that his crony friends are going to face severe action on default of payments to banks by the rbi.
modi ji stop attacking constitutional institutions, stop using and misusing individuals like swamy to decimate the authority and authenticity on institutions because the whole country is watching you, he said.
reiterating that rajan must be removed from his post at the earliest, swamy had earlier this week written to the prime minister, asserting that he was shocked by the wilful and deliberate attempt by the rbi governor to wreck the indian economy.
when the wholesale price index (wpi) started to decline due to induced recession in the small and medium industry, he shifted the target from wpi to the consumer price index (cpi) which has not however declined because of the retail prices.
on the contrary, it has risen.
had dr. rajan stuck to wpi interest rates would have been much lower today, and given huge relief to small and medium industries, instead, they are squeezed further and consequent increasing unemployment, swamy said.
appealing to the prime minister to take action, swamy added that he could not stand to watch seeing someone appointed by the upa regime who is against indian economic interests to be kept in this post when there are so many other nationalist minded experts available.
speaking on his letter, the bjp leader later held rajan and not the nda government responsible for indias failing economy.
our industrial growth is running in minus.
what he is doing right now is killing a sick patient instead of healing him.
no matter how many times i wrote to him and warned him, he has not budged from his ways.
he is a upa appointee.
why should we keep him?
must terminate him immediately, swamy said.
bfile photo: indian foreign secretary subrahmanyan jaishankar, left, poses for photographers, as he shakes hands with his pakistani counterpart aizaz chaudhry at the foreign ministry in islamabad.
(source: ap) file photo: indian foreign secretary subrahmanyan jaishankar, left, poses for photographers, as he shakes hands with his pakistani counterpart aizaz chaudhry at the foreign ministry in islamabad.
(source: ap)a day after india and pakistan agreed to reschedule the foreign secretary-level talks and hold them in the very near future, sources told the indian express that the talks are likely to take place in january itself.
there is no point in delaying the talks indefinitely as that will be counter-productive, said a source on friday.
that was the understanding reached between foreign secretary s jaishankar and his pakistani counterpart aizaz ahmad chaudhary when they spoke on thursday afternoon.
chaudhary, sources said, was not surprised when jaishankar suggested that the meeting be delayed, and he agreed to the change.
watch video india, pak foreign secretary talks likely to be held in janpakistan government sources said chaudhary is busy with the quadrilateral coordination group meeting on afghanistan, which includes china and the us, till january 18.
a date after january 20 will be suitable, said a source in islamabad.
share this article related article india, pak agree to remain in touch: foreign secys break the ice, remain frostyindia, pak agree to remain in touch: foreign secys break the ice, remain frosty shiv sena on indo-pak fs meet: 'we know the outcome, it's futile'shiv sena on indo-pak fs meet: 'we know the outcome, it's futile' india, pak foreign secretary talks likely to be held in janindia, pak foreign secretary talks likely to be held in jan india, pak to reschedule foreign secretary-level talks: meaindia, pak to reschedule foreign secretary-level talks: mea foreign secretary s jaishankar breaks pak ice to clear way for talksforeign secretary s jaishankar breaks pak ice to clear way for talks foreign secretary s jaishankar raises concerns on cross-border terrorism with pakistanthe telephone conversation between jaishankar and chaudhary took place shortly after national security advisor ajit k doval returned from paris at about 11 am on thursday and briefed prime minister narendra modi on his assessment of the action taken by the pakistan government.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and jaishankar joined the meeting, where they discussed the options ahead.
since doval and pakistans nsa nasser khan janjua were in touch over the last two weeks, he had a clear idea of the action being taken on the ground, said the source.
pms message to doval and jaishankar was clear: trust but verify.
that was the underlying message under which they were working, said sources.
officials stressed that much will depend on the action taken by pakistan in the coming days and whether delhi will be convinced.
sources said that india has sought copies of firs and sections or laws under which the jaish-e-muhammad members have been apprehended.
pakistan has been asked to provide documentary and supporting evidence, including their photos in custody, to substantiate their statements and claims of action, the source said.
without concrete cases against the individuals linked to the terrorist attack in pathankot, it will be difficult for the government to send the foreign secretary to islamabad.
sources said the meeting between the foreign secretaries will not be linked to the visit of pakistans special investigation team.
it has been decided that the two things will be kept separate, and will not influence each other, the sources said.
analysis: india-pak foreign secretary level talks deferreda section of the top brass feels that the foreign secretary-level talks should not be announced before it takes place.
the template being considered is the manner in which the nsas met in bangkok, without any prior information or announcement.
that meeting was held without any pressure or external influences of public opinion, and is considered to be a successful model for future interaction, said these sources.
even if the two sides decide to announce the dates for the meeting, it will be at very short notice, maybe a couple of days, sources said.
the important thing is to have the meeting, which is the first step towards restarting the dialogue process.
unless that happens, the officials cannot start ministerial meetings and subject-specific discussions, sources said.
b'naresh agrawal at parliament on tuesday.
(express photo by anil sharma) naresh agrawal at parliament on tuesday.
(express photo by anil sharma)facing a backlash for belittling actor-politician jaya bachchan, rajya sabha mp and bjp leader naresh agrawal on tuesday offered his regrets, but said his comments were twisted by the media.
agrawal, who lost out to actor-politician jaya bachchan in the race for re-nomination to the upper house, had quit the sp and joined the bjp on monday.
in the presence of bjp leaders, including union minister piyush goyal, he had said: for someone who used to dance in films, act in films, i was denied a ticket (for the rajya sabha).
i did not find it appropriate.
he did not name bachchan.
my intention was not to hurt anybodys sentiments.
i regret if my comment has hurt somebodys feelings and withdraw my words, agrawal said on tuesday.
meanwhile, bsp president mayawati, sp chief akhilesh yadav and state congress chief raj babbar took on agrawal on tuesday for his comment.
in a statement issued in lucknow, mayawati said: naresh agrawal, who was welcomed into the bjp-fold from the sp in a grand manner, has made indecent remarks against sp mp jaya bachchan.
the statement is grossly anti-women and he should tender an apology to the nation.
such an anti-women remark in a press conference, with senior leaders of bjp present, is something that has embarrassed the women community and the whole country.
the senior leadership of bjp should take this matter seriously.
however, based on earlier experiences, it feels like the bjp is not as serious against those with anti-women mentality, as it should be in the eyes of people, she added in a statement.
jaya bachhan is a respected name and represents a respected family.
her family has contributed in the field of cinema and she is an mp, too.
naresh agrawals comment against her is controversial and anti-women, she said.
the bsp condemns it in the harshest possible manner the bjp is the ruling party.
how it views the unparliamentary and insulting comments is being seen by the entire nation, mayawati added.
earlier, akhilesh, in a tweet, said: we condemn bjps naresh agrawals derogatory comment on smt jaya bachhan ji.
this is an insult to the cinema world as well as every women of this country.
if the bjp really respect women, then they should take immediate action against him (agrawal).
the mahila ayog should also take action in the matter.
congress raj babbar said the bjp must think whether it should welcome such a person to join its party.
all the people in the country respect bachchan and take pride (in her acting skills).
she has been a parliamentarian for so many years.
just for not getting a ticket, you use such a language?
he asked.
the bjp must think whether the party should welcome such a person.
should the prime minister not take note of it when his partys cabinet ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and smriti irani have condemned the comments?
he added.
b'bjp president amit shah bjp president amit shahbjp president amit shah on thursday said india has heaved a sigh of relief following the international court of justices (icj) decision to stay the execution of kulbhushan jadhav and hailed the modi governments quick and effective measures in the case.
shah, who issued a brief statement, praised external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, her team and senior lawyer harish salve who was indias attorney at the hague.
under prime minister modis leadership, india is committed to the safety and security of every citizen, he said.
on the other hand, the congress, which had earlier questioned the governments decision to take the kulbhushan jadhav issue to the icj said that new delhi had been left with no option but to approach the icj.
the main opposition party had earlier questioned whether moving the icj had given pakistan an opportunity to internationalise disputes with india.
on thursday, hours after the icj stayed the execution of jadhav, the congress congratulated the team that represented india at the hague, though it shied away from commenting on whether it was a diplomatic victory for the narendra modi government.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad asked the government not to leave any stone unturned to ensure justice for jadhav and his return to the country.
senior congress leader anand sharma said pakistan must respect the icjs orders.
pakistans argument before the international court of justice and its refusal to accept its jurisdiction betrays a mindset of disrespect to the vienna convention, which pakistan has brazenly violated, he said, adding that the international community must now put pressure on pakistan government and its army and the un has to take serious note of the issue.
we hope the government of india will continue to mount pressure because it is the first stage.
we have to ensure that jadhavs life is saved and only when he returns home, we will celebrate.
right now, it is a big relief, the first step, and we hope pakistan respects that order, he said.
there was no mention of the partys earlier criticism of the government.
the congress had earlier asked the government whether it had thought through all the ramifications of its decision to take the matter to the icj, arguing that we never tried any international platform for resolving issues in the past.
because the possibilities of others interfering increases.
so whether we have helped pakistan on this, only time will tell.
asked about this on thursday, sharma said, i am sure the government would have weighed all options and the pros and cons.
india was left with no option, given pakistans disrespect to human rights and violations of the vienna convention.
ambassador of japan to india kenji hiramatsu with senior editor shubhajit roy in the indian express newsroom.
(express photo by praveen khanna) ambassador of japan to india kenji hiramatsu with senior editor shubhajit roy in the indian express newsroom.
(express photo by praveen khanna)the ambassador of japan to india kenji hiramatsu talks about the exponential increase in india-japan ties, dismisses concerns about the indo-pacific strategy, underlines the need for foreign workers in the face of a declining population, and hopes for more transparency in indias regulations to help japanese companies.
why kenji hiramatsu?
in his two-and-a-half years in india, ambassador hiramatsu has seen the relations between india and japan grow and evolve.
he has been at the centre of several big policy decisions.
a career diplomat, hiramatsu has been instrumental in the implementation of the high-speed railway project and has also been closely following the civil nuclear co-operation between the two nations.
in the japanese foreign ministry he has been the architect of many security strategies.
shubhajit roy: how has the relationship between india and japan evolved in the past two-three years?
if you look at history, our relationship with india is the best now.
soon after i arrived in india, japanese prime minister shinzo abe visited the country in december 2015 .
since then several events have taken place and many projects have been implemented  the high-speed railway project, the nuclear project, defence and security-related projects.
in 2014 your prime minister came to japan with his ideas to promote our relationship through a strategic and global partnership.
since i arrived here, that vision has materialised into concrete projects.
i see a lot of change in the atmosphere in my two-and-a-half years here, both in terms of business and government interaction.
i see more ministers and high- ranking officials visiting japan.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited japan in march.
there has been an exponential increase in cooperation and friendship.
in the future, i would like to see more projects.
we have been emphasising on a few areas.
one is security and defence.
we participated in the malabar trilateral (naval) exercise with india and the us.
every year, the level of the exercise has been growing.
i would like to see more cooperation in technology transfer from japan to india.
secondly, we have also been talking about supporting development in the northeast region and enhancement of connectivity in surrounding areas in india.
the third area is people exchange.
i would like more indian experts, engineers and workers to visit japan to see our advanced technology.
i hope more indians learn the japanese language.
it will facilitate mutual understanding and create opportunities for indian workers in companies.
shubhajit roy: how do you see the indo-pacific strategy unfolding?
is the longevity of the quadrilateral  india, japan, australia and the us  under question, given that australia did not participate in the malabar exercise.
we also see some unpredictability in americas position.
the indo-pacific strategy is getting a lot of attention in this region.
i think india shares our views on opening up the pacific region.
it is a good synergy.
every time the two prime ministers meet they reconfirm the importance of this strategy.
we (india and japan) share the same values in terms of freedom of navigation, unilateral trading system, democracy one of the key elements of this strategy is to find ways to ensure that these basic values are appreciated and that they prevail.
also, there are other countries who share these views.
one is the united states.
we are hoping to have more cooperation from asean nations too.
it is a very open strategy.
every country is welcome if they agree to the strategy and want to work together to have better infrastructure in the region.
i think the americans are on the same page.
we have had longstanding trilateral dialogues with india and the us.
we also have the japan-us-australia trilateral dialogue.
then there is the japan-india-australia dialogue.
the (quadrilateral) partnership is a natural relationship among these countries.
we hope and i am very confident that this quadrilateral dialogue will continue.
shubhajit roy: is the cooperation and dialogue aimed at balancing chinas assertiveness in the region?
we are not trying to counter a certain country.
we are aiming for a more global, universal value that no country can contradict.
the effort is to ensure that this basic value prevails in the region.
avishek g dastidar: what does japan hope to gain through the high-speed railway project in india?
we are very pleased to support the high-speed railway project in india.
japans first high-speed railway was established in 1964.
i was 8 years old at the time.
we saw a very bright future for it in japan.
we have a very renowned technology for strategic high-speed railway in japan.
we hope that the same can be achieved in this country.
we have decided to provide a very generous soft room for the project.
however, this is not free unfortunately  there is 0.
1 per cent interest rate on the loan, with a repayment period of 50 years (including 15 years of grace period).
it is rare for us to have provided this kind of a generous term to an infrastructure project.
avishek g dastidar: the project has faced criticism from certain quarters for being too expensive.
the high-speed railway will provide a lot of benefit to the people of india in the form of a very stable and safe transport system.
it will create a lot of job and business opportunities in the region.
the project will be very beneficial to the local people and will also bring in japanese technology to the railway sector.
the money used for the project will be well spent.
avishek g dastidar: earlier, as per the assessment of the japanese team, the deadline for the project was 2023.
the indian government wants it completed an year earlier  in 2022.
is that possible?
as per the timeline, the project is slated to be completed in 2023 and we are working on that assumption.
i know of the indian governments request to advance it to sometime in 2022.
we are talking and discussing but can we do this?
not completely but to some extent.
but we havent yet decided what we can complete by 2022 and then 2023.
the important thing is that this is a highly complicated and sophisticated system and safety matters most.
we have to ensure that the system is operational in a verified manner and that all the safety measures are applied.
ravish tiwari: growing up, we had a brush with japanese technology in the form of the sony walkman.
today, the consumer electronics segment has changed and we do not see any new innovation coming out of japan.
there is more competition in the world today and there are new players in technology.
in japan, we are proud of our manufacturing sector  how to make a different technology and assemble it to produce a high-tech product.
the products from sony and japanese cars are a product of this long tradition of manufacturing.
(on innovation) several japanese scientists have received the nobel prize in science, technology, biology and physics.
this is pure science.
in terms of applied science, maybe we should ponder more.
with the combination of advanced applied technology and our traditional manufacturing culture, we can do great things.
maybe we are lagging behind in the iot (internet of things) segment, in the field of information technology we are putting a lot of emphasis on ways to have more innovative ideas in our startups and iot business.
i am confident japan is making a comeback.
japan has also been putting a lot of emphasis on the ai (artificial intelligence) business and will continue to be a leader in the field.
ambassador of japan to india kenji hiramatsu in the indian express newsroom.
(express photo by praveen khanna) ambassador of japan to india kenji hiramatsu in the indian express newsroom.
(express photo by praveen khanna)shubhajit roy: we know from latest data that population in japan is falling below the replacement rate.
also, there is almost no immigration.
yes, our population has started declining.
we have a new policy on how to have more babies.
that is one part of our policy.
it will take some time for the population to increase.
it is a huge challenge.
i think no country has experienced such a phenomenon before.
germany, south korea or even china will face this situation sometime soon.
we have to ensure that we have a good standard of living  we have to maintain it and improve it.
one way of doing this is to make better use of human resources.
we hope that even after retirement people can be more involved in their (respective) industries.
the second element is human empowerment.
japan is putting a lot of emphasis on how to have more women at the workplace even after marriage and children.
we are giving them a lot of incentives and providing them better childcare facilities.
in this way we can have a better workforce in the coming years.
but this might not be enough.
immigration has been a big issue for many years.
i have to say there is no conclusion at this moment but it is obvious that we need more workers coming to japan, especially in the manufacturing and service sector.
we have already put in place a system to invite more foreign workers by providing them internship and training opportunities through the titp  technical intern training programme.
shubhajit roy: are you open to a skilled professionals programme from a country like india?
say, an h1b visa or a similar programme?
we have started receiving indian engineers to japan under titp.
i havent checked but 15 indian workers will go to japan to have this training for three years, which may be extended to five years.
this is still a very small number.
the whole policy is geared towards having more skilled labour.
we have started a new scheme to give permanent residency permit.
if you stay for three years, satisfying some criterion as high-skilled labour, then you can get permanent residency.
the government of japan aims to recognise 20,000 foreign nationals as highly-skilled foreign professionals by the end of 2022 and will give them preferential immigration treatment when they apply for the permanent residence status.
anil sasi: one of the initial decisions by the two governments, sometime in october 2014, was to set up a japan plus desk to facilitate investment flows from japan.
yes, thats an important initiative.
in 2014, the japanese pm announced that well have 3.
5 trillion japanese yen investment flowing to india in five years in 2017, the investment from japan to india touched 7 billion us dollars.
(in 2016, it was around usd 7.
4 billion.
)ravish tiwari: there are two elephants in every diplomats room  the us and china  with japan somewhere in the middle.
how do you see a retreating united states and an assertive china?
i have been in diplomacy for many years.
so i have been dealing with china and the us for many years.
this is a very important moment that china is getting bigger and getting more friends in the region.
the us is a very prime power in the world.
from the japanese point of view, our alliance and relationship with the us is fundamental for security in the region.
we think that the japan-us alliance is the cornerstone in the asia-pacific region.
at the same time, wed like to have a better relationship with china.
china is getting more influential in terms of military, business and economy.
we have a substantial business and investment relationship with china and we have to make sure that we have a stable relationship with china.
this is a challenge we are facing.
but fortunately, our relationship with china is now improving.
we have some difficulty as people, but this year, we had chinese foreign minister wang yi visiting us in april.
we also had a trilateral meeting with leaders of china, south korea and japan.
also, the chinese pm visited us after eight years.
so things have been improving.
china needs stable conditions with its neighbours.
i think the same thing is happening with india too.
at the same time, our most important security relationship is with the united states.
in this very rapidly changing world, we need a real and trusted friend.
and thats india for us.
i hope the same from india too.
we have no controversies or issues, and we share the same kind of view with regard to our relationship in this region.
ravish tiwari: why havent china and japan managed to get rid of their historical baggage the way japan and the us have?
like other countries, we have a long history and history has not always been kind.
we really want to have a forward-looking relationship with china.
amrith lal: how does japan see chinas one belt one road project?
we hope this project follows responsible debt practices and respects the environment.
if this project is implemented under this philosophy i understand that countries like india and some others have concerns about the project.
shubhajit roy: during the doklam standoff, you were the only ambassador who came out and publicly supported the indian stand.
looking back, what prompted you to take that step?
what i said was the long-standing principled position of japan.
i said territorial issues should be resolved based on international law.
i dont think i said anything wrong.
sandeep singh: japanese manufacturing companies have been at the forefront of many of the major economic changes that india saw.
but we do not see any big retailers from japan coming to india and profiting out of the consumer boom in india.
yes, our investment has been concentrated in the manufacturing sector, especially automobiles and the automobile-parts sector.
but i think the area of investment is expanding to include areas such as services and the medical sector, among others.
we have muji, which is a renowned japanese retail sector company providing sophisticated but simple products such as stationery, furniture etc.
they have their stores here.
soon, a textile company (uniqlo) will come to india.
ajay shankar: what is the feedback you have been getting from japanese companies in india?
we appreciate the reform measures taken by prime minister narendra modis administration  gst etc.
compared to the earlier times, the investment situation has improved.
we see more improvement in infrastructure development, roads, electricity and water supply.
we have some concerns and we hope that infrastructure is better in the future.
government regulations are getting better.
some companies, however, are still having some difficulties with regulatory and tax issues.
so i keep reminding the officials and the government to expedite the procedure and to become more transparent with regulations.
shubhajit roy: what is the status of the nuclear cooperation between india and japan?
the civil nuclear cooperation agreement happened in 2015 when our prime minister came to india.
the signing of the document took place in 2016 when your pm came to japan.
this agreement became effective sometime last year.
we had one meeting a couple of months ago.
we arrived at something concrete but at this moment i cannot tell you much.
shubhajit roy: japan has been a victim of terror in the past few years.
it shows that japan is not immune to terror.
we are mindful that we have to get more information, we have to collaborate with countries like india to make sure that japanese citizens are not affected by terror.
we have the olympics and the para olympics in 2020 and many people will be visiting the country.
we have to be more careful.
amrith lal: after fukushima there has been a lot of conversation about the reliance on nuclear power.
what is the status of the debate in japan?
it was a tragic event and after that, we tried to have a more rigorous regulation to restart the current nuclear plants in japan.
we have already established the highest level of regulations.
based on that we have been determining which plants can be restarted.
i dont remember the number, but i think three-four plants have already been restarted.
it is a gradual, sensitive process.
we have to consider the sentiments of the people.
i dont see a very big chunk of nuclear plants operating in the near future.
we are reviewing our energy plan from a long-term perspective.
through that process, we will get more clarity about the role nuclear plants will play in japan.
but we will always bear in mind the sensitivity of the local people.
shubhajit roy: the other big project, in the defence sector, is the sale of us-2 aircraft.
negotiations have been underway between india and japan.
what is the progress there?
in the last last meeting between the two ministers, it was decided that it will continue to be discussed.
this high-tech aircraft has been appreciated by the indian side.
the discussion is ongoing and we have to take into account indias need to buy this kind of aircraft, its use, the financing we are hoping for concrete progress in the course of this year.
we have been engaged in the discussion with our indian counterparts.
even the two pravasi bharatiya divas pavilions set up in gandhinagar are part of the vibrant gujarat global trade show 2015.
about 700 business-to-business or b2b meetings scheduled as part of pravasi bharatiya divas (pbd) are likely to blend into the vibrant summit to follow, blurring the lines between the two events, technically being hosted by the centre and state, respectively.
the pbd that attempts to connect the countrys vast overseas diaspora for the next three days from tuesday, will see a series of meetings between nris, government officials and local businessmen that will begin on january 7 and continue till january 11.
there is a sudden spurt in interest about india.
there is a view among nris that india is changing.
people genuinely want to know about the change that is happening in the country after the new government took charge.
issues related to corruption, bureaucratic hassles surrounding setting up of a business enterprise, renewable energy, smart cities are some of the questions that the nris are having (before the pbd), said charu mathur, chief executive officer, overseas indian facilitation centre (oifc), an initiative of union ministry of overseas indian affairs (moia) and cii.
even by very conservative estimates we will be organising over 500 pre-scheduled b2b meetings during the pravasi bharatiya diwas.
however, some of these meetings will extend to inaugural of vibrant gujarat on january 11 as some of the pbd delegates will be staying back for the vibrant summit, she added.
earlier, b2b meetings were organised between registered indian and nri delegates.
for the first time, we are going outside registered pbd delegates and are also organising offline meetings, mathur said adding that oifc was helping the nris to not on set up business meetings, but also find the apt partners for their planned business ventures.
even the two pravasi bharatiya divas pavilions set up in gandhinagar are part of the vibrant gujarat global trade show 2015.
union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and gujarat chief minister anandiben patel will together throw open both the pbd and vibrant exhibition on tuesday evening.
of the 15-odd pavilions within the vibrant gujarat global trade show, two are dedicated to pbd.
there is also a special pavilion within the vibrant trade show where ample space has been given to the central government to display their projects, programmes and policies, said a state government official who said that the exhibition was a culmination of both vibrant and pbd events.
meanwhile, oifc officials said the gujarat governments effort to popularise vibrant gujarat summit which had helped in creating a recall for the summit among the nri population across the globe.
this year, nris were mostly interested in exploring business ventures in states like gujarat, uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh, chattishgarh and others.
most of the business queries from nris are for sectors like technology, solar renewable, personal finance, healthcare, education sectors, official sources said.
the highest number of participation for the pbd will be from the us and the uk, while the maximum business interest has been shown by nris living in the gulf countries, oifc officials added.
the nris living in countries like the usa are looking at investing in information technology start-ups in india, while those in african countries like kenya  which comprises a large number of gujaratis  are not willing to come to india, but are keep to tap the trade opportunities with gujarat.
similarly, nris living in canada are looking at business opportunities in punjab, while those living in the gulf are keen to invest in south india, mathur added.
one of the nigerian nationals assaulted in greater noida (express photo) one of the nigerian nationals assaulted in greater noida (express photo)indian amabassador to nigeria, b nagabhushana reddy was summoned by the federal government of that country after the attack on nigerian students by an irate mob back home in india, news agency of nigeria reported.
the nigerian government said those responsible for the attack must be arrested and prosecuted immediately in order to deter future incidents.
the agency reported that it was olushola enikanolaiye, permanent secretary in the ministry of foreign affairs of nigeria, spoke to amb.
reddy and relayed the governments concerns over the safety of nigerian nationals residing in india.
we think this should not have happened considering the excellent relationship between two of us  the two countries have things in common and have been great friends, enikanolaiye was quoted saying.
in return, amb.
reddy, describing the incident as deplorable, said the indian government has taken strong steps to ensure security in the area.
he added that five of the seven accused persons have been arrested in the case.
she added that the authorities concerned are treating the matter very seriously.
the four nigerians were assaulted at ansal plaza mall in greater noida and surrounding areas after a group of residents taking a candlelight protest went out of control.
the locals were protesting the death of a class xii student suspected to have died of drug overdose at the hands of five nigerians.
minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: express photo by praveen khanna, file) minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: express photo by praveen khanna, file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday confirmed that the 55-year-old indian woman who was allegedly sold and tortured in saudi arabia will return to the country tomorrow.
taking to twitter, she said, sukhwant kaur is returning home on 31 may 2017 at 0415 hrs by flt g9406.
swaraj was intimated of the incident after a news report quoted kaurs husband, kulwant singh, alleging that she had travelled to the gulf country on a three-month tourist visa in january, but was sold and tortured there.
on may 7, my wife called me up from a hospital in hail city of saudi arabia.
she said the travel agent had sold her to a local resident and she was forced to work as a slave in his house and was being badly treated and even tortured, he was quoted as saying in a news report by hindustan times.
kaur, who is originally from jalandhar, was taken to saudi arabia by a delhi-based agent.
kulwant added that his wife had contacted him for a week from saudi arabia after she left india, after which her phone was switched off.
he claims the agent did not pick up his called either.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: pti photo)the ministry of external affairs has received over 4,000 applications for the annual kailash mansarovar yatra this year, witnessing an increase of around 1800 as against 2016.
the data was shared by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here today as she started the process for the selection of pilgrims for the kailash mansarovar yatra 2017 through computerised draw of lots.
the number of applications received has gone up this year.
we have received 4,442 applications while the last years figure was 2,600.
from this year onwards, four members of a family will be able to go in the same batch keeping in mind the concerns of applicants for their family members, she added.
the four-month travel period to kailash mansarovar yatra starts from june.
while 3,303 applications have been received from males, 1,139 are from female and 826 from senior citizens respectively.
eighteen batches of 60 pilgrims each will take the lipulekh pass route while eight batches comprising 50 pilgrims each will take the nathu la route.
the former is known to be more arduous.
those selected through the computerised draw of lots, will be informed through sms and email.
after the draw of lots, the pilgrims can seek changes in their batch by sending their request online or by calling the designated number.
b'source: file photo source: file photoamid us president donald trumps administrative plan to revamp the immigration system, us deputy chief of mission (dcm) marykay l carlson told reporters here in new delhi that no big changes have been made in the h-1b programme and there is nothing new on the h-4 visa policy.
the us mission observed the student visa day, an event to celebrate higher education ties between india and the united states.
carlson said that granting employment visa and work permits is the sovereign decision of a country.
h-4 visa is issued to the spouse of h-1b visa holders.
putting an end to the obama-era rule is likely to have an effect on more than 70,000 h-4 visas holders, who have work permits.
on wednesday, the mission also dedicated the day to student visa applicants enrolled for higher studies in various us universities.
the us embassy in new delhi and the consulate general of chennai, hyderabad, kolkata and mumbai catered to 4,000 indian students, who applied for visas to study in us.
guest alumni speakers were part of the event as well, while others had a video or selfie station.
a huge number of indian students go to us for higher studies and according to us, it is the second leading place of origin for students coming to the us, comprising 127 per cent of the total international students in us.
it is reported that more than 1,86,000 indian students had enrolled themselves in us institutions last year, a number reportedly double from a decade ago.
there has been 12 per cent rise in 2018 from last year.
representatives from partners, including educationusa, the american library, and recent us graduates were present at the event providing their insights and answering queries of students about studying in the united states.
bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendra modi (source: pmo/twitter) bangladeshi pm sheikh hasina and prime minister narendra modi (source: pmo/twitter)prime minister narendra modi and visiting bangladeshi prime minister sheikh hasina issued a joint statement after the leaders of both countries held talks on key bilateral, regional and international issues of mutual concern.
highlights of joint briefing1:15 pm: pm hasinas visit comes just before the advent of poila boishakh.
i take this opportunity to wish you and the people of bangladesh shubho nobo borsho, says pm modi.
1:16 pm: our relationship and achievements in our partnership are a clear representation of strong and decisive leadership, says pm1:17 pm: your decision to honour indian soldiers who laid down their lives in the liberation war of 1971 has deeply touched the people of india, says pm1:19 pm: every indian takes pride in the knowledge that indian soldiers and vir mukti fought together to liberate bangladesh, says pm1:20 pm: india has always stood for the prosperity of people of bangladesh.
we are long-standing partners, says pm modi1:23 pm: the fruits of our cooperation must benefit the people of both countries, says pm modi1:30 pm: it is my belief that it is only my government and hasinas government can find a resolution to the teesta issue, says pm1:32 pm: i am happy to release the hindi translation of bangabandhus unfinished memoirs, says pm1:35 pm: sheikh hasina is speaking now.
india has attained commendable development in fields of science, technology, innovation: pm hasinaindia is our most important neighbour: pm hasina1:37 pm: we both want to make our borders free from criminal activity.
we decided to take our bilateral relations to new high.
pm modi and i agree greater connectivity is important for the region, says pm hasina1:38 pm: regional cooperation is very, very important for development in south asia, says pm hasina1:40 pm: pm hasina thanked foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for selecting the road in new delhi that was renamed after sheikh mujibur rahman.
1:50 pm: the function has concluded.
b'us secretary of state john kerry and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti) us secretary of state john kerry and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti)the us on tuesday fully backed india on its demand that pakistan should act against terrorists operating from sanctuaries on its soil with us secretary of state john kerry asserting that his country stands in strong partnership with india against all terrorism.
terrorism, more specifically that emanating from pakistan, figured prominently in marathon talks between kerry and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who briefed him extensively on the continuing problem of cross-border terrorism that india and the larger region face from pakistan.
secretary kerry and i also agreed on the need for pakistan to do more to bring the perpetrators of the 2008 mumbai and 2016 pathankot terrorist attacks to justice quickly.
watch video: there should be no distinction between good and bad terrorists- kerrykerry said he had spoken to pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and army chief general raheel sharif so that pakistan deprives any terrorist group of sanctuary.
nigerian students in a greater noida hospital.
file nigerian students in a greater noida hospital.
filein one of their strongest criticism of the attacks on africans, the most recent being the brutal assault of four men in a greater noida mall a week ago, chiefs of missions of 43 african countries hit out at new delhi monday, saying it took no known, sufficient and visible deterrent action.
describing the attacks as xenophobic and racial in nature, the envoys indicated their disappointment over the lack of response from the prime minister and uttar pradesh chief minister.
in a statement, the office of the dean of the african group head of missions said the envoys expected strong condemnation of the attacks at the highest political level, both nationally and locally.
the envoys, it said, agreed to call for an independent investigation by the human rights council and other human rights bodies, and to comprehensively report the matter to the commission of the african union.
responding to the statement, the ministry of external affairs said: it is unfortunate that a criminal act triggered following the untimely death of a young indian student under suspicious circumstances has been termed as xenophobic and racial.
investigations on the death of indian teenager and the subsequent incident by local authorities are ongoing.
the government had condemned and described as unacceptable the incident of attack on a few nigerian nationals in greater noida.
the significance attached to addressing the matter is reflected in the detailed statement by the external affairs minister (eam) and the discussion in parliament, it said.
following eams conversation immediately after the incident with the chief minister of the state of uttar pradesh, local authorities expeditiously arrested suspects.
they registered an fir and are investigating the matter comprehensively.
local authorities have also taken measures to strengthen safety and security of nigerian nationals.
coordination meetings have been held by local police in delhi as well as greater noida, with african nationals.
ministry of external affairs has further sensitised local authorities towards ensuring safety and security of africans in general and african students in particular, the mea said, adding that strong indian institutions are adequate to deal with aberrations that represent act of a few criminals.
the statement by the office of the dean of the african group head of missions said a meeting of the envoys was convened to look into the recent attacks against african students in greater noida.
the meeting unanimously agreed that those accumulated attacks against africans are xenophobic and racial in nature, it said.
the envoys reviewed incidents in the past and concluded that no known, sufficient and visible deterrent measures were taken by the indian government, it said.
condemning the attacks, they expressed deep concern and noted that these reprehensible events, both outstanding and unresolved cases against africans, were not sufficiently condemned by the indian authorities.
on march 28, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was approached by an african student, sadiq bello, via twitter.
bello asked for quick intervention from swaraj and she responded by saying that the government was seized of the matter and was taking immediate action.
later, she tweeted that she had spoken to chief minister yogi adityanath about the attack and he had assured a fair and impartial investigation.
last year too, african students had been victims of violence at different locations across the country.
the body of heads of the african missions had issued a statement in may 2016 too, calling for the boycott of africa day celebrations.
after modis ouster, the bcci received a nearly rs 1.
56 crore bill from the hotel as outstanding payment.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs husband swaraj kaushal monday confirmed that he has been lalit modis lawyer for the past 22 years.
kaushal also said he was modis guest for one night at mumbais four seasons hotel, where the former ipl boss was camped in april 2010.
modi made arrangements for kaushals accommodation on april 21-22, 2010 at the hotel.
i was lalit modis lawyer and went there on his request for legal advice.
naturally they had to pay for lawyers stay for one day.
yes, i am lalit modis lawyer for 22 years, kaushal told the indian express in a text message.
share this article related article lalit modi in rajasthan cricket association, murmurs in bccilalit modi in rajasthan cricket association, murmurs in bcci no proof required: it is the bcci, stupidno proof required: it is the bcci, stupid lalit modi pours his papers out, ed says doesnt affect caseslalit modi pours his papers out, ed says doesnt affect cases story of ipl's lalit modi days: a hotel bill amounting to rs 1.
56 crore and a guest list of top politiciansstory of ipl's lalit modi days: a hotel bill amounting to rs 1.
56 crore and a guest list of top politicians sushmaswaraj row: a year on, narendra modi govt faces first big blemish on its imagesushma row: a year on, narendra modi govt faces first big blemish on its image government defends sushmas help to lalit modi on the run in londonkaushal, 62, stayed in a deluxe sea view room and the bill of his stay was marked to the ipl account instead of modis office.
asked if he was at the hotel for work related to the bcci or the ipl, he said, i advised lalit modi.
i have always stayed away from cricket.
kaushal is among several guests who were provided accommodation at the hotel during the 2010 ipl season.
the guest list created a storm in the bcci when allegations of financial irregularity surfaced following modis removal as ipl chief at the end of the season.
after modis ouster, the bcci received a nearly rs 1.
56 crore bill from the hotel as outstanding payment.
the matter came up in a working committee meeting and the hotel was asked to submit details of the guests who stayed there.
eventually, the board decided the bills would be paid by modi since, despite having the bcci office in mumbai, he turned the hotel into his office.
when contacted, the then treasurer of the bcci, m p pandove, said, i remember that four seasons had sent some claims which we didnt pass.
the claims were rejected saying that those were not payable by the bcci.
as far as i can remember, the matter ended there.
sushma swaraj was on her way to south africa before she made a brief stopover at mauritius to take stock of preparations for the upcoming world hindi conference in port louis.
sushma swaraj was on her way to south africa before she made a brief stopover at mauritius to take stock of preparations for the upcoming world hindi conference in port louis.
an indian air force flight carrying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj from thiruvananthapuram to mauritius went incommunicado for around 14 minutes after leaving the indian airspace, the airports authority of india (aai) confirmed on sunday.
the aai, however, ruled out a mid-air scare despite authorities at the mauritius air traffic control activating the emergency code, incerfa.
in the event of a plane losing contact with an air traffic control, incerfa is activated only after waiting for 30 minutes since its last contact.
since the iaf flight was carrying a vip passenger, aai said, the mauritius air traffic control (atc) must have raised an alarm before the stipulated time.
however, the aai did not elaborate over what caused the delay in making contact with the mauritius atc after entering the tiny islands airspace.
the iaf flight had left for mauritius from thiruvananthapuram at 2.
08 pm.
after it left the indian airspace, it was handed over to the male atc which established contact with the flight at 4.
44 pm ist.
soon after it was handed over to the mauritius atc, the incident unfolded leading to panic.
however, everyone heaved a sigh of relief when the aircraft came in contact with the atc there at 4.
58 pm, the aai said.
read in malayalamswaraj was on her way to south africa before she made a brief stopover at mauritius to take stock of preparations for the upcoming world hindi conference in port louis.
taking stock of the preparations for the vishwa hindi sammelan in august 2018!
eam @sushmaswaraj and minister of education of mauritius, leela devi dookun visited the swami vivekananda international convention centre (svicc), the main venue of the world hindi conference mea spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
leading the pack is rajya sabha mp birender singh, a known hooda detractor, who has stated publicily that in case the party does not replace hooda, he will not contest the upcoming assembly elections under his leadership.
after obtaining backing of the congress president sonia gandhi, haryana chief minister bhupinder singh hooda is faced with a tough task to keep his flock together.
a number of party stalwarts have already deserted him while some others are waiting in the wings to take a flight.
leading the pack is rajya sabha mp birender singh, a known hooda detractor, who has stated publicily that in case the party does not replace hooda, he will not contest the upcoming assembly elections under his leadership.
he is reportedly in touch with the bjp leadership, though he denies it.
prior to this, singh  on more than one occasion  had expressed his desire to become the chief minister, a promise that he says former prime minister rajiv gandhi made to him.
the congress high command has made it clear that the elections will be fought under hooda though there is uncertainty over him getting the top position after results are out.
we are in a comfortable position.
i am the leader and continue till have blessings of sonia gandhi.
we will form the government for third consecutive time, said hooda after sonias go ahead.
but these blessings failed to dampen singhs spirits, who has come up with four names  including that of himself  who can be projected as the cm candidate instead of hooda.
at ground level, many senior leaders have quit the party on the eve of lok sabha polls.
they included former union minister rao inderjit singh and former cps dharambir singh.
moreover, the bjp poached raj kumar saini, who defeated naveen jindal in kurukshetra and sushil kumar indora too contested on a hjc ticket.
hooda suffered more an embarrassment than a setback after his man friday and former union minister venod sharma snapped his 35 years association with the party.
another matter that sharmas bid to join the bjp-hjc alliance were foiled by bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
a number of senior leaders are reportedly waiting for the right moment, though a few have already contacted the bjp.
the delay is on the account that bjp first wants to settle alliance issue with the hjc.
the party is not ready to listen to us and workers are not valued.
it is become a party of one person and government of one district, said neeraj sharma who recently quit congress.
sharmas father is a minister in the hooda cabinet.
that the party has lost its grip is evident from its failed experiment of fielding three mlas for the lok sabha polls.
hooda himself picked up rao dharampal for gurgaon to contest against bjps rao inderjit singh.
dharampal could not retain a lead in his constituency of badshahpur where he would have lost his deposit had it been the assembly election.
he polled only 22,193 votes against the 1,30,918 in inderjits favour.
thus, he lost by by 1,08,725 votes  the largest losing margin for the congress in an assembly constituency among its candidates.
similarly, hisar candidate and nalwa mla sampat singh could manage 11,697 votes against the 40,494 and 44,096 polled in favour of hjcs kuldeep bishnoi and inlds dushyant chautala, respectively.
barring a few, almost all senior leaders trailed in their assembly seats.
the congress is also aware  rather state leaders have made it clear  that the party wont bet on a losing proposition in the assembly polls and not all mlas will be given tickets.
this has set an unrest among leaders who are now in the process of deciding whether to stay on the sinking ship or to jump to safety.
myanmars foreign minister aung san suu kyi inspects a guard of honor during her ceremonial reception in new delhi, india, tuesday, oct.
18, 2016, (ap photo/saurabh das) myanmars foreign minister aung san suu kyi inspects a guard of honor during her ceremonial reception in new delhi, india, tuesday, oct.
18, 2016, (ap photo/saurabh das)state counselor of myanmar aung san suu kyi, who is on a three-day visit to india, will meet prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on wednesday.
india and myanmar have been trying to give bilateral ties a more strategic approach after the national league for democracy under the leadership of suu kyi came to power in myanmar in march this year.
both the leaders are expected to discuss various issues including security and defence.
both nations share a 1,640 kilometre border and the issue of peace and security remains one of the crucial points of the bilateral relationship.
cooperation in the fields of agriculture, transport, energy are also expected to feature during the talks.
tuesday, suu kyi was accorded a ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhavan, where she was received by prime minister narendra modi, after which she inspected the guard of honour.
suu kyi met with president pranab mukherjee and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday.
it is a great pleasure for me to be back in india again especially in delhi where i spent so many years.
i look forward to better relationships between our two countries because every time i come back to india, i realize how close we are to one another, and how much i believe that our friendship will stand the test of time, she said during her welcome.
suu kyi is accompanied by several ministers and senior officials and her three-day visit will provide an opportunity to discuss issues of mutual interest and seek to further strengthen the close and friendly ties that exist between the two countries.
b'defence minister arun jaitley.
defence minister arun jaitley.
hours after the international court of justice (icj) delivered its verdict temporarily staying the execution of former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav, defence minister arun jaitley said that any country ignoring the verdict would be putting itself in a position of violating all canons of international norms.
when asked about the pakistan foreign offices reported refusal to accept the icj order, jaitley told reporters in srinagar, those who are dealing with it will certainly respond but the icj ruling is based on the international notions of rule of law and civility.
therefore, if any country says i dont accept the ruling it is the country putting itself in a position that it is guilty of such a heinous crime violating all canons of international norms.
jaitley, who was in srinagar for a gst council meeting, said, this order, though interim, is a very serious indictment of the kind of mockery of the judicial system that exists in pakistan.
in a reference to jadhavs trial in a pakistani military court, he said, for any student of law, it is obvious that secret proceedings conducted in darkness are conspiratorial in nature and denial of consular access only emphasises that denial.
it is a great vindication of indias stand and our entire team at the hague deserves to be congratulated.
the proceedings and the order today highlight the importance of the fact that a person who is allegedly accused has a right of effective defence, the minister said.
he also lauded external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for the strategy adopted at the icj and made special mention of harish salve, who argued the matter at the hague.
salve, meanwhile, said that indias case on jadhav had been emboldened and invigorated with the first round of victory at the icj.
i felt positive energy when i was arguing the case.
i felt the judges were connecting.
i felt gratified.
i did not feel that connection when the other side was arguing, he told tv channels from london.
we are now a lot more emboldened and a lot more invigorated.
he said the icj has rightly held that india should have been granted consular access as per the vienna convention.
when asked about charging re 1 as fee for fighting the case, salve said he took the case pro bono as he believed in it.
attorney general mukul rohatgi said the icj order was a blow to pakistans bogus stand.
the stand of the indian government is vindicated indias stand was based on truth and justice and respect for human rights, he told reporters here.
i hope pakistan sees sense, comes back on track, behaves like responsible nation and gives consular access, he said.
let us now hope that the next step, which will be the final step sometime in august, also comes indias way and thats the time we can see that jadhav comes back home, he added.
inputs from pti in srinagar.
asghanistan foreign minister rabbani also had a telephone conversation with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the issue.
(file photo) asghanistan foreign minister rabbani also had a telephone conversation with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the issue.
(file photo)the un has called for the speedy and safe release of the seven indian engineers abducted in afghanistans restive northern baghlan province.
the abducted indian engineers were working on a project for the construction of a power sub-station in afghanistan.
they were abducted by militants from the vicinity of cheshma-e-sher area on sunday while they were going to inspect the work on the project.
we, obviously, call for their speedy and safe release, spokesman for the un secretary-general stephane dujarric said yesterday in response to a question by pti on the abduction of the indian engineers.
on whether the un mission in afghanistan (unama) has any information on the incident, dujarric said he has not seen any particular information.
afghanistan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani had met indian envoy to the country vinay kumar and assured him that no efforts will be spared by the afghan security forces to ensure the safety and release of the seven indian engineers.
rabbani also had a telephone conversation with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the issue.
the air ambulance of medanta hospital with five member crew caught fire and crash landed near bangkok, minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on monday evening.
the minister informed that the pilot of the ambulance, arunaksha nandy, died in the incident while two other doctors were badly injured are in icu at a bangkok hospital.
the injured were shifted to the hospital by army helicopters.
dr. naresh trehan, chairman and md of medanta hospital has expressed grief towards the family of the victims who got injured following the crash land of an air ambulance which was en-route to bangkok.
we are sad to know such a big tragedy happened on the way.
the two doctors who were seriously injured are admitted to an intensive care unit in a bangkok hospital.
there were three people from medanta team and two pilots who were on the air craft when the incident took place.
the two doctors have got sever burn injuries and our specialized team of experts will be treating on them soon, said dr. trehan.
he further said the victims are getting appropriate treatment, adding that he will check on them to find out if they are being provided with the best treatment.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has also expressed her concerns towards the incident.
the air ambulance of medanta hospital with five member crew caught fire and crashlanded near bangkok.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 6, 2017the injured were shifted to bangkok hospital by army helicopters.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 6, 2017our mission has just informed me that we have lost pilot of the air ambulance arunaksha nandy.
/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 6, 2017dr.shailendra and dr.komal are in the icu.
the other two have sustained minor injuries.
/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 6, 2017our mission is extending them all help and assistance.
/5  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 6, 2017my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family.
b'union minister ambika soni today took a dig at senior bjp leader l k advani for his apology to congress president sonia gandhi over a bjp-appointed task force report on swiss bank accounts,saying she thought he had retired.
i thought mr advani has retired some time back and left space for younger people like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley who are now occupying two positions of leaders of houses, she told reporters here on the sidelines of a function here.
the congress leader was asked about her reaction to advani apologising to gandhi for a party-appointed task force report,which had alleged that she and her late husband rajiv had accounts in swiss banks.
mr advani has been making a statement every day on different subjects probably he not having enough study of what he is saying, she said.
bjp had appointed the task force on unravelling the amount of black money stashed by indians in foreign banks and ways to bring it back.
the report had alleged that sonia gandhi and former prime minister rajiv gandhi were among indians who held swiss bank accounts.
eleven indian citizens, who had been languishing in a jail in nigeria for almost two years, reached new delhi sunday after being released by nigerian authorities a day earlier.
in october 2013, 11 indians joined a merchant vessel in ghana as employees.
they were jailed after their vessel was forced to dock at port of brass in nigeria due to a technical snag.
according to cpm rajya sabha mp ritabrata banerjee, the nigerian navy arrested them on july 25, 2014 and handed them over to economic financial crime commission.
banerjee, who had earlier met swaraj with the victims families to seek help, claimed that the indians there were booked on fake charges after they reportedly failed to pay a bribe.
watch video: whats making newsthe family of one of these indians, jogen das, is from kolkata and had sought my help.
i met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with his family and the families of some of the others jailed in nigeria.
they are from states across the country.
the minister helped us a lot.
these 11 indians were released on saturday, and reached new delhi today, banerjee said.
spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup.
(express photo) spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs vikas swarup.
(express photo)after the indian flag incident, e-commerce retailer amazon has been conveyed that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments, the external affairs ministry said on thursday.
mea spokesperson vikas swarup also said amazon has also removed offending items like flip-flops and dog tags with mahatma gandhis image.
watch what else is in the newsour ambassador in washington had been instructed to convey to amazon that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments.
we have been in touch with amazon both in washington as well as in delhi and we have had constructive conversations, he said.
asked about sale of flip-flops and dog tags with mahatma gandhis image on amazon website, he added, i am happy to report that the offending items have since been pulled by amazon and we hope that our engagement will continue to be fruitful.
last week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
in june 2016, a twitter user tweeted to then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that he had been sold a defective refrigerator that went kaput.
she replied, on twitter: brother i cannot help you in matters of a refrigerator.
i am very busy with human beings in distress.
advertisingthat was swaraj, who had by then earned a formidable reputation in helping overseas indians in distress; the external affairs minister who brought a humane touch to the otherwise distant and officious ministry of external affairs (mea).
sushma swarajs last rites to be held today.
follow live updateswithin months of taking charge, swaraj made sure that the ministry was a responsive government institution.
a system, thus, was put in place where she would respond to distress tweets from indians stranded across the world.
indian embassy is your home away from home.
whenever in trouble, please contact the indian embassy/consulate.
they will always help you, she told this to many  in person, and on twitter.
advertisingread | indias supermom who blazed a trail in twitter diplomacyduring her five years as external affairs minister, swaraj made sure that she left a legacy of being a responsive minister - she once responded to distress tweets at 3 am, which became a benchmark of sorts for indian embassies worldwide.
handpicked by prime minister narendra modi to lead the mea, swaraj could have fretted and sulked since modi made foreign policy his priority in his first term.
but she was able to make her own space skilfully.
india has had a history of prime ministers with very strong foreign policy agenda.
from jawaharlal nehru, who was his own foreign minister, indira gandhi, p v narasimha rao, atal bihari vajpayee and manmohan singh, to narendra modi, all these leaders ran the mea through the pmo.
but undeterred, swaraj made a mark by using social media, and made south block accessible.
read | stateswoman extraordinaire, diplomat par excellence: tributes pour in for sushmaswaraj swarajfrom rescuing hearing and speech- impaired geeta from pakistan to organising mass evacuation from iraq, yemen, nepal, among other conflict-hit areas, and from pushing the kulbhushan jadhav case to getting indian national hamid ansari back, swaraj endeared herself to ordinary indians.
while her people-friendly image was for indians, she played the perfect foil for the visible prime minister  understated, subtle, not in-your face.
she always prepared the groundwork for modis high-level visits  from her visit to pakistan in december 2015, which was followed by modis; her visit to china in 2018, setting the stage for the informal wuhan summit; and effectively standing in for the united nations general assembly sessions every september-october to put across indias point of view.
read | gone too soon, a lady who was peoples person: sports fraternity pay tribute to sushmaswaraj swarajgifted with oratory skills, both in chaste hindi and english, she made life easy for indian diplomats prepping for visits.
remembering our 2 am session with #sushmaswaraj in abu dhabi on march 1.
she was to speak the next morning as guest of honour at oic foreign ministers conference.
arrived after midnight, plunged straight into work, got a bit of rest and delivered a truly memorable address, indian envoy to the uae, navdeep suri, tweeted.
while she kept a distance from the media during her stint as the external affairs minister, swaraj hosted an annual winter lunch, with indian cuisine and cultural performance on the lawns of jawaharlal nehru bhavan, and during which she easily mingled with journalists, appreciating work of even those not very charitable to her.
although she used twitter to help people, she also had some moments where she faced criticism for handling of issues.
once, when a doormat depicting the indian flag sold by a third-party reseller in canada caught her attention, she demanded a public apology from amazon and threatened to rescind indian visas for amazon employees.
even though she was embroiled in the lalit modi controversy, there was a point when one discovered how her relationships cut across party lines.
in june-july 2015, she also got a lot of flak for helping fugitive lalit modi get travel documents.
but while she got criticism from all across, opposition leaders had such respect for her that in parliament they stopped short of asking for her resignation.
at the french national day in july 2015, asked why the opposition was not seeking her resignation, one opposition leader said, she is one of our old socialist friends.
advertisingwhile she won over her rivals that day, over the last five years she possibly won the hearts of many she helped and came across as someone who was the peoples foreign minister.
tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa.
(file photo) tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa.
(file photo)an aiadmk member in the lok sabha on friday sought a cbi probe into the death of former tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa, saying any inquiry by the state government will not be able to unravel the truth.
pr sundaram, who has switched to the rebel group headed by former chief minister o panneerselvam, said the centre must order a cbi probe into jayalalithaas mysterious death.
even if tamil nadu government orders a probe, hidden things will not come out.
so we are demanding a cbi probe, he said.
in january, the supreme court had dismissed petitions filed by expelled aiadmk mp sasikala pushpa and a youth organisation seeking cbi probe into jayalalithaas death.
during the zero hour, another aiadmk mp poonaswami venugopal raised the issue of human rights violation of tamil population during the civil war and asked the government to take a strong position on the issue.
he said government should not to consider sri lanka as a friendly country.
he also slammed the government on maintaining a studied silence over the unhrc resolution on giving two more years to sri lanka to submit report on the killing of tamils in the island nation.
there should be an international probe into atrocities on tamils in sri lanka.
we must ensure justice to tamil people in that country, he said.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar termed the security of tamils in sri lanka as a serious issue.
he told venugopal that his concerns will be conveyed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj so that appropriate action is taken to protect interests of the tamils in sri lanka.
venugopal also raised the issue of killing of an indian fisherman earlier this month, with kumar saying the matter was of paramount importance for india.
bjd member bhartruhari mahtab asked what steps have been taken for the welfare of tamil population in sri lanka after the visit of swaraj there last year as the issue was taken up by her with sri lankan leadership.
external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought help from uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav for a russian women who tweeted to swaraj.
(source: file photo) external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought help from uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav for a russian women who tweeted to swaraj.
(source: file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought the help of uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav in a case involving a russian woman, who alleged abuse by her in-laws in agra.
the russian woman posted a video on twitter in which she mentioned that she was protesting outside the house of her mother-in-law, who is an indian, and alleged that she was being abused by her.
after seeing the message, swaraj tweeted requesting akhilesh to help the woman following which the uttar pradesh chief minister informed the union minister that the matter was resolved.
swaraj later tweeted thanking akhilesh.
thank you akhilesh ji for resolving this.
such incidents affect countrys image, she said in her tweet.
external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
not right to connect with racism before probe ends.
she was referring to the incident where four nigerian students were brutally assaulted after a protest over the death of a 17-year-old spilled over to ansal plaza mall in greater noida.
the boy died of suspected overdose and his family alleged that their nigerian neighbours had kidnapped and murdered him.
we are committed to ensuring security of all foreigners in india.
chiefs of missions of 43 african countries had earlier criticised indias reaction to the incident, claiming that it took no known, sufficient and visible deterrent action.
the envoys expressed deep concern and noted that these reprehensible events, both outstanding and unresolved cases against africans, were not sufficiently condemned by the indian authorities.
swaraj had earlier assured the safety of foreign students after a student reached out to her on twitter.
the foreign minister said the government of india was seized of the matter, and was taking immediate action.
saying that she had spoken to uttar pradesh cm yogi adityanath, swaraj tweeted, i have spoken to yogi adityanath ji chief minister of uttar pradesh about attack on african students in greater noida.
he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
monika khangembam (l) had alleged racism by immigration officers at delhis igi airport when they asked her if she was an indian.
(source: facebook) monika khangembam (l) had alleged racism by immigration officers at delhis igi airport when they asked her if she was an indian.
(source: facebook)days after manipuri woman, monika khangembam, alleged facing racism at delhis indira gandhi international airport, an internal enquiry panel has found out that the official in question asked only general questions.
khangembam had alleged that the immigration officer had questioned her nationality multiple times while she was on her way to seoul for a conference.
she also mentioned how the officer at the igi airport humiliated her by asking her to name the states in india.
read more here.
according to a report in the hindu, the inquiry panel at the bureau of immigration had analyzed the cctv footage and came to the conclusion that the only question the immigration desk had asked khangembam, was to name the states that share a border with manipur which is not unusual.
after the incident, khangembam had written a facebook post wherein she mentioned how the immigration desk had gone to the extent of saying that she did not look like an indian.
read | sushmaswaraj swaraj apologises to manipuri girl after racial slurexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had even tweeted apologies to khangembam assuring her that she would take up the matter with home minister rajnath singh since immigration does not come under her ministry.
minister of state for home, kiren rijiju, had also issued a statement saying that the centre had taken cognizance of the event and ordered a probe.
while the inquiry panel was committed towards the idea of acting against such complaints, they cannot take any action if there is no evidence.
reportedly, the officials have said that khangembam misunderstood the entire episode.
bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express photo by amit mehra)amid reports that an indian priest was crucified by the islamic state in yemen on good friday, the catholic bishops conference of india (cbci) has decided to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to seek clarity on the issue.
read: catholic order trashes rumours of is plan to crucify indian priestfather joseph chinnayyan, deputy secretary general and director of the cbci, said the indian church could not confirm reports of the priests death.
we have checked with all reliable sources, no one could confirm the news.
i even spoke to the austrian agency that put out the news.
it got its information from informal sources, so its not a baseless report, he said, adding cbci would meet swaraj monday night.
share this article related article govt wont spare any effort to secure father toms release: sushmaswaraj swarajgovt wont spare any effort to secure father toms release: sushmaswaraj swaraj christian priest kidnapped in yemen 'could be freed soon'christian priest kidnapped in yemen 'could be freed soon' christian priest abducted by isis is safe, says sushmaswaraj swarajchristian priest abducted by isis is safe, says sushmaswaraj swaraj indian priest crucified by is: reportindian priest crucified by is: report govt making all efforts to secure release of indian priest abducted in yemen: sushmaswaraj swarajgovt making all efforts to secure release of indian priest abducted in yemen: sushmaswaraj swaraj yemen: catholic order trashes rumours of is plan to crucify indian priestreverend thomas uzhunnalil, a salesian priest, was kidnapped in yemen on march 4 during a raid on a nursing home run by mother teresas missionaries of charity, the washington times reported.
read: govt making all efforts to secure release of indian priest abducted in yemen: swarajsixteen people, including four nuns, had died in the islamic state attack.
uzhunnalils execution was reportedly confirmed at the easter vigil mass by cardinal christoph schonborn of vienna.
the external affairs ministry has not confirmed reports of the execution so far.
b'delhi chief minister and aap convener arvind kejriwal.
(source: file) delhi chief minister and aap convener arvind kejriwal.
(source: file)delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, accompanied by his cabinet colleague satyender jain, on friday left for rome to attend the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa.
kejriwal, who worked with missionaries of charity in kolkata for a short period in 1992, has often fondly recalled his association with teresa.
working with the organisation, founded by the noted missionary, was his first brush with public service, he has said.
aap leader kumar vishwas also accompanied kejriwal.
vishwas clarified that he will be bearing his own expenses.
the chief minister will return to the national capital on september 5.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee have also separately left for rome with their delegations.
in march, pope francis had announced that mother teresa, who founded the missionaries of charity, will be elevated to sainthood after the church recognised two miracles attributed to her after her death in 1997.
b'21.
sachin tendulkar,37cricketerwhyhe has never been as big as he is now.
he climbs 31 places because a country of a billion probably loves no one more than him right now.
look at the stats: in 2010,he notched up seven centuries,including two double tons.
the icing on the cake was his record 50th test century during the recent south africa tour.
power punchhis statement,mumbai belongs to india.
i am a maharashtrian,and extremely proud of that,but i am an indian first.
what nextinto his 22nd year in international cricket,he is just three away from 100 international centuries.
also,he is expected to give all it takes to win that elusive world cup,which kicks off next month.
by the wayhe takes his ferrari out for a ride on mumbai roads early in the morning and late at night.
22.
prithviraj chavan,64maharashtra chief ministerwhyhe rises in the list because when the congress appointed him cm in maharashtra,it demonstrated the high commands immense trust in him.
governing well in this crucial state and rebuilding the party image post-adarsh scam is his brief.
when he was at the centre,he held the largest number of portfolios among all ministers.
power punchhe got the post-adarsh clean-up going quickly,announcing a judicial probe and investigating bureaucrats.
what nextnavigating maharashtras treacherous politics.
ncp,an ally,doesnt like him.
there are congress leaders who will be glad to see him fail.
needs to get cracking on mumbais urban planning problems.
by the wayprivately admits that being a cm is a lot more demanding than being one of the many central ministers.
23.
kapil sibal,62union hrd and telecom ministerwhyhe goes up 10 places in the list and makes it to the top 30 because hes clearly more powerful this year,having got the high-profile telecom portfolio and kept the equally important hrd.
he was unaffected in the cabinet reshuffle.
hes upas man when it comes to arguing its way out of the telecom tangle and enjoys the confidence of both the pm and 10 janpath.
power punchhis 2g-scam-was-no-scam statement was the first full-frontal congress attack after the telecom scandal broke.
though ticked off by the supreme court later,he made his political point and his political mark with the argument.
what nextbig reform agenda in hrd and telecom.
in education,the performance of universal primary education programmes and the new iits will test him.
in telecom,the vital question is how to resolve the 2g mess,especially vis-a-vis firms that received licences from a raja.
by the wayhe likes chinese food and loves to cook it at home.
24.
raman singh,58chhattisgarh chief ministerwhyhe comes into the list because under his chief ministership,chhattisgarh posted high growth rates (11.
45 per cent in the latest data),demonstrated fiscal prudence,improved power supply dramatically and took a no-nonsense approach to naxalites.
he won a second term handsomely and has emerged as one of the most effective chief ministers in the country  someone the bjp loves to showcase.
power punch>was first among politicians to ask whether the army should fight maoists; the latter,he argued,had links with lashkar-e-toiba.
what next>completing naya raipur  a new city close to the state capital and planned as an industrial hub.
also wants to provide social security to workers in the unorganised sector.
by the way>an ayurvedic doctor by training,his public meetings often see him prescribing medicines to citizens.
25.
syed ali shah geelani,81hurriyat leaderwhyhe comes into the list and that,too,in the top 30 because this kashmir separatist hardliner beat both hurriyat moderates and the jammu & kashmir liberation front leaders to emerge as the boss of street protesters,who shut down the valley for five months in 2010.
the state government released him from jail to try and pacify protesters.
he will be the key figure this year in kashmir.
power punchit was only when he called for peaceful protests that the valley agitation stopped being violent.
what nextwill he greenlight another round of protests?
thats the big,scary question in kashmir,which is quiet now.
by the waythe valleys schoolchildren have a name for him,chhutti baba,courtesy his calls for shutdowns.
26.
rahul bhatia, 49chairman,indigo airlineswhyhe comes into the list because he runs indias only airline that makes good money,and indigo flights are the most dependable,with 90 per cent being on time.
he has proved private airlines can be a viable business,and not one where owners run to ministers every few months.
hes a business innovator in a crucial sector.
he turned the five-year-old indigo into indias second largest airline because of his ability to attract and retain talent.
power punchearlier this month,he placed an order worth rs 68,000 crore ($15 billion) for 180 airbus aircraft.
the aircraft will join indigos fleet from 2015; 150 of them will have special fuel-saving options.
what nexthe wants to take the low-cost model to the international skies in august this year.
his airline will start services to dubai,bangkok and singapore.
by the wayhes a workaholic; 18-hour work days are not uncommon.
and he is an excellent golfer.
27.
nc saxena,68member,national advisory councilwhyhe makes it to the list and to the top 30 because hes the countrys top official activist.
this former planning commission members adverse reports on vedanta and posco formed the basis of the governments decisions on these high-profile projects.
sonia gandhi pays particular attention to him at nac meetings.
he was the supreme courts eyes and ears when it was looking at the issue of the effectiveness of food security programmes.
power punchhis unambiguous condemnation of vedantas mining project.
the ferocity of his critique is rare in most government-commissioned reports.
what nexthe has another report,on the poor implementation of forest rights act nationally,that is likely to have a big impact on official policy for both tribal rights and industrialisation.
by the wayalways tall for his age,he says his height as a child got him admitted to class v when he went for admission to kindergarten.
28.
k chandrasekhar raotrs presidentwhyhe zooms up the list because andhras best-known telangana advocates actions this year will hugely impact not just the state but also the debate on states reorganisation nationally,as well as the political fortunes of the ruling congress.
power punchhe went on a fast for telangana on november 29,2009,and within days,the protests grew so big that p chidambaram had to make a late-night announcement that the centre was ready to consider telangana statehood.
what nextif theres a telangana state,he wont become the chief minister,thats what he has said.
of course,he will be the real centre of power.
if theres no progress towards telangana,all bets are off on his next strategy.
by the wayall his decisions  even those on fasts  are in part guided by advice from a priest from his native village,siddipet.
29.
digvijay singh, 63congress general secretarywhyhe drops out of the top 20 in the list because his frequent and controversial public statements have raised questions about his political smarts.
his opinion piece in a newspaper attacking chidambarams anti-naxal strategy saw the party leadership backing the home minister.
his karkare-called-me-before-he-was-shot was another politically profitless intervention.
power puncha valued congress strategist,he has been given charge of poll-bound assam,apart from his responsibilities in up.
his hard line on the rss seems to have found party endorsement.
what nextwinning assam for the party is vital for him,and as for rahul gandhi,up is his big test.
by the wayan avid wildlife photographer,hes a regular visitor to national parks.
30.
nitin gadkari,54bjp presidentwhyhe seemed to have everything going for himself last year when rss chief mohan bhagwat picked him as the bjp president.
the parivar dynamics have sharply changed a year later: bhagwats stock has dipped,sushma swaraj and arun jaitley have emerged stronger and gadkaris performance has been far from impressive.
so,even though the party looks stronger,its chief slips down the list.
power punchthough his tongue slips much too often,he managed to silence congress spokesman manish tewari by slapping him with a legal notice after the latter levelled allegations against him over the adarsh scam.
what nexthe has to ensure an image change for the bjp to effectively play the corruption plank against the congress,and moderate hardline elements within the party to gain more allies.
by the waya foodie,his favourite is vada pav.
b'tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa was admitted to the hospital on september 22 after she complained of fever and dehydration.
tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa was admitted to the hospital on september 22 after she complained of fever and dehydration.
the dmk has been active in fuelling the rumour mill with reports about jayalalithaas health.
the uncertainty which has gripped the state has been compounded by sasikala, jayalalithaas trusted aide, not permitting apollo hospital to give out specific details of the chief ministers ailment.
in view of the mounting rumours, prime minister narendra modi asked governor vidyasagar rao to meet the chief minister in hospital.
after raos visit and statement, many in chennai were somewhat reassured.
watch video: apollo hospital says jayalalithaa on necessary respiratory supportpost-uri attack, sudden silenceforeign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is a regular on twitter, sometimes sending out as many as 20 tweets a day, responding to various requests for help from nris.
but since september 18, the day of the uri attack, swaraj has tweeted sparingly.
some speculate that this is because swaraj was piqued at not being called for the meeting of key ministers to discuss the governments policy in the wake of the terror attack.
a shift in the policy towards pakistan was a key issue to be discussed.
narayanans clout continueshe may have retired as director, intelligence bureau, way back in 1992, but m k narayanan still has an enormous hold over the organisation.
although he was closely associated with the manmohan singh government, having worked under singh as nsa and later being appointed as the west bengal governor, narayanan was selected to deliver the keynote address at the ibs centenary celebrations on september 24.
what was even more surprising was that the lecture was named after a c m nambiar, a little-known ib official who retired as joint director in the sixties.
nambiar was singled out for the honour reportedly because he was related to narayanan.
from punjab, a strange letterheadin punjab, subtlety, it seems, is not appreciated.
which explains this unusual letterhead.
the letter proclaims on the top right: s inderjit singh sidhu, real brother-in-law of parkash singh badal, chief minister of punjab.
leaving no one in doubt where sidhus clout stems from.
police to rescue in divided cong housein madhya pradesh, the congress is so badly divided that on gandhi jayanti, three factions of the party pitched as many tents at the grounds where mahatma gandhis statue is located in bhopal.
one camp supports jyotiraditya scindia, the other kamal nath and the third digvijaya singh.
local police had to be called in to separate the feuding groups which had gathered to pay homage to the apostle of non-violence.
incidentally, with no scope of an active role in the central leadership at present, scindia is keen to join state politics.
he has been touring the state in the hope of establishing himself as the prospective congress chief ministerial candidate in the same way that sachin pilot has emerged as the cm contender in neighbouring rajasthan.
the hurdle is madhya pradesh congress president arun yadav, also young like scindia and who comes from a congress family and is not ready to step aside in a hurry.
before metro, a forgotten initiatorthe delhi metro has renamed some of its stations but why has no one thought of renaming khan market metro station after the late congress chief executive councillor jag pravesh chandra?
the grand old man of delhi is a legend who first pushed the idea of a rapid transport system for the capital, long before anyone else ever seriously thought of it.
chandra wrote two booklets on the subject and raised the issue frequently in the delhi metropolitan council, even though the idea was greeted with mirth.
(it was bjp chief minister madan lal khurana who years later gave the metro project in-principle approval.
) chandra came to delhi as a refugee and was allotted a three-room accommodation in khan market.
he never moved from his humble quarters and lived a life of gandhian simplicity despite the powerful positions he held.
since khan market is named after frontier gandhi, it is only fitting that the metro station is named after its most famous resident who conceived the idea in the first place.
b'relatives wait for parvinder kumars remains, in jagatpur village of nawanshahr district on wednesday.
(express photo) relatives wait for parvinder kumars remains, in jagatpur village of nawanshahr district on wednesday.
(express photo)the punjab opposition had a run-in on thursday with the ruling congress in state assembly over their demand of rs 1 crore compensation for the families of 27 state natives killed in iraq by is after their abduction with other indians there in 2014.
the run-in took place despite chief minister amarinder singh announcing a compensation to the victim families earlier as per the state policy and even agreeing to examine the policy to ascertain the feasibility of enhancing the compensation.
immediately after the question hour on the third day of the ongoing budget session in punjab vidhan sabha here, the leader of opposition and aap mla sukhpal singh khaira raised the issue of compensation to the families of 27 state natives out of 39 indians killed in iraq.
he urged singh to announce a compensation of rs one crore and a government job to one member each of the victims families on humanitarian ground.
describing the death of indians in iraq as tragic, singh said as far as the compensation in the matter is concerned, there a standard procedure for it.
we will certainly look into our policy and compensate, cm announced on the floor of the house.
the chief minister said the bodies of indians killed in iraq were expected to reach amritsar within a week.
i was told by the union minister that there was a problem in the release of bodies because of some legal aspect in mosul, he further said.
speaking on the matter, siromani akali dal leader bikram singh majithia described the issue of compensation as a serious and sensitive matter and sought maximum compensation from the punjab government.
it is the responsibility of the punjab government towards people of the state, he said adding these families were very poor.
majithia accused the state government of not providing monthly compensation of rs 20,000 to the families of those killed in iraq for the last six months.
he also raised the inconvenience caused to the families of two balachaur youths over arrival of bodies as a result of goof up by district administration of nawanshahr on the issue.
families should not face any problem in getting the bodies, demanded majithia.
taking on akalis, senior congress leader rana gurmit sodhi said it was the responsibility of the bjp-led union government to provide compensation of rs one crore each and a government job for the kin of those killed in iraq.
we are even ready to go with them (akalis) if they take up this issue with the centre for compensation, said sodhi, triggering heated exchanges between the treasury and the akali members.
lashing out at akalis, another congress mla kushaldeep dhillon asked the members of the house not to politicise this matter.
there should be no politics over this matter, he said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had informed the parliament on march 20 that all the 39 indians, who were abducted by isis in iraq nearly three years ago, were killed and their bodies had been recovered.
as many as 39 indians, who had gone to iraq to earn their livelihood, had been missing since 2014 and 27 of them belonged to punjab.
they were from several places including amritsar, gurdaspur, hoshiarpur, kapurthala and jalandhar.
external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)asserting that it wishes to have good neighbourly relations with pakistan, the government today said it remained in touch with it through bilateral diplomatic channels, including addressing all urgent humanitarian needs even after cancellation of foreign secretary-level talks as agreed in december 2015.
she also noted that the governments diplomatic efforts in the wake of pathankot and uri attacks led to widespread recognition internationally that pakistans policy to sponsor and support terrorism against its neighbours posed the biggest challenge to peace and stability in the region and beyond.
she, however, added that during this period, the governments of india and pakistan remained in touch through bilateral diplomatic channels, including for addressing all urgent humanitarian and other matters concerning people-to-people ties.
indias new and more robust position was conveyed to myanmars top leadership by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (left).
(ap) indias new and more robust position was conveyed to myanmars top leadership by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (left).
(ap)with bangladesh leaning on india for support on the rohingya issue, new delhi has moved a step forward and, for the first time, called for safe, speedy and sustainable return of the refugees to rakhine state in myanmar.
this assumes significance since bangladesh is expected to go for elections later this year, and prime minister narendra modi and bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina are scheduled to meet in shantiniketan in west bengal later this month.
indias new and more robust position was conveyed to myanmars top leadership by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during her two-day visit to myanmar that concluded on friday.
during her visit, swaraj met myanmars president u win myint and state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi.
also read: rohingya camps: sc appoints nodal officers to deal with grievancesin an official statement on swarajs visit, the ministry of external affairs said, the external affairs minister also reiterated indias readiness and commitment to helping the government of myanmar (gom) in addressing issues related to rakhine state.
she welcomed goms continued commitment to implementing the rakhine advisory commissions recommendations and noted that, under the aegis of the bilateral rakhine state development programme, india was already in the implementation stages of various projects that would respond to the needs of different sections of the rakhine state population.
the first major project is the construction of prefabricated housing in rakhine state to meet the needs of displaced persons.
the minister also underlined the need for safe, speedy and sustainable return of displaced persons to rakhine state, it said.
this has been the most emphatic statement by the indian government on the rohingya refugees since last september, and represents a nuanced evolution in indias position.
this is also a sharp, but gradual shift from what prime minister modi had said last year.
during his visit to myanmar in september last year, modi had referred to the extremist violence in rakhine state in his prepared statement after a bilateral meeting with suu kyi.
we are partners in your concerns over the loss of lives of security forces and innocent people due to the extremist violence in rakhine state, he had said.
a joint statement issued on september 6 said, india condemned the recent terrorist attacks in northern rakhine state, wherein several members of the myanmar security forces lost their lives.
that was perceived to be unsympathetic to the rohingya refugees, which was condemned by many and prompted bangladesh to raise the issue with the indian government at various levels.
on september 9, new delhi issued a statement in which it said, india remains deeply concerned about the situation in rakhine state in myanmar and the outflow of refugees from that region.
subsequently, swaraj discussed the issue with hasina on their flight to new york, and again on the sidelines of the unga meeting.
on december 20, foreign secretary s jaishankar visited myanmar and talked about the objective of restoration of normalcy in rakhine state and enable the return of displaced persons.
he had, under a pact, proposed a project to build prefabricated housing in rakhine state so as to meet the immediate needs of returning people.
an estimated 7,00,000 rohingya muslims have fled rakhine state since the military crackdown, resulting in a major crisis in neighbouring bangladesh.
the un and us have said the violence against rohingya amounted to ethnic cleansing.
besides, the rohingya issue, seven agreements/mous were signed during swarajs visit, including an agreement on land border crossing.
the agreement on land border crossing is a landmark in bilateral relations between the two countries as it will enable people from both countries to cross the land border with passport and visa, including for accessing health and education services, pilgrimage and tourism, the statement issued by the ministry said.
the head priest of hazrat nizamuddin dargah and his nephew returned to the capital on monday, days after they went missing in pakistan, but were not forthcoming about their mysterious disappearance.
80-year-old syed asif nizami, sajjadanashin of the holy shrine, and another senior sufi cleric nazim ali nizami landed at new delhi by a pakistan international airlines flight and later called on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who had taken up their case with islamabad.
though the two clerics revealed little about their ordeal, sajid nizami, son of asif nizami, alleged that the duo were taken away based on a news report in a karachi-based urdu daily which claimed that they had links with indian intelligence agency raw.
when asked about reports that both of them could not be contacted as they were in interior sindh where there was no communication network, nazim ali nizami strongly rejected the claim.
we did not have visa for sindh interior region, so how could we have gone there?
the reports that we could not be contacted because of network issue is totally false, he told reporters.
on whether they were detained by pakistani authorities, sajid said yes.
asked if pakistan spy agency isi was involved in the episode and whether they were harassed, sajid refused to comment but made it clear that no force or coercion was used against them.
after meeting swaraj, nazim ali nizami thanked the indian government, particularly the external affairs minister, for their safe return and said they had gone to the neighbouring country with a message of peace and love.
we were not among those who were involved in any illegal activities.
we had gone to pakistan to spread the message of love and peace.
some people may not have liked our message.
i will again go to pakistan with greater resolve, he said.
nizami also thanked the pakistan government for the cooperation extended by it to enable their return.
pakistani newspaper ummat had in a report claimed that the clerics worked for raw and muttahida qaumi movement (mqm) movement.
the two clerics were given a warm welcome today when they visited the nizamuddin dargah.
special prayers were also offered at the dargah to thank the almighty for their return.
two two clerics had gone to lahore on march 8 but went missing in the middle of last week following which india took up the issue with islamabad.
the main purpose of the visit of asif to pakistan was to see his 90-year-old sister in karachi.
on saturday, pakistan had conveyed to india that the clerics were traced and had reached karachi.
swaraj had taken up the issue with pakistan prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz and requested him to trace the missing clerics.
according to pakistani media reports, both the clerics had been in interior sindh where there was no communication network and that is why they could not inform their relatives about their whereabouts.
earlier, pakistani sources had said the two clerics were in the custody of pakistans intelligence agency over their alleged links with mqm.
they were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport, lahore, the pakistani sources had said.
when asked as to why they were interrogated, nazim said they were asked about their visa and other immigration details.
we thank union home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and well-wishers from all religions who prayed for our return, nazim said.
najeeb went missing from jnus mahi-mandvi hostel on october 15 allegedly after an on-campus scuffle between him and some members of the akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp).
(file photo) najeeb went missing from jnus mahi-mandvi hostel on october 15 allegedly after an on-campus scuffle between him and some members of the akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parishad (abvp).
(file photo)alleging political vendetta behind the disappearance of jnu student najeeb ahmed, rajya sabha member tmc member vivek gupta today asked the centre to order a probe by cbi or any other appropriate agency in the matter.
najeeb had gone missing on october 15 following an on-campus scuffle allegedly with abvp members the night before.
watch video | kerala law academy row: student union protest in front of universityraising the issue during the zero hour in the house, gupta asked the government whether any special measures have been initiated to trace the missing student.
alleging that the jnu officials were insensitive in the matter, he wondered whether najeeb will end up just as a statistics about missing persons.
gupta said the abvp students allegedly involved in the incident have not yet been questioned.
he also claimed that the vice chancellor of the university had even refused to meet the mother of the missing student.
this a clear case of political vendetta.
we are witnessing that political vendetta is spreading like a cancer in the country, he said and asked the centre to order a cbi probe or any other appropriate enquiry to trace najeeb.
he further said political vendetta is a serious matter and demanded a statement from the government on the issue.
joy abraham (kc-m) raised the issue of father tom uzhunnalil, a priest from kerala abducted by a terror group in war-torn yemen last year, and sought the help of the entire house for his early release.
it seems his life is in dangerit seems his health is deteriorating, he said and sought speedy intervention by the government in the matter.
commerce minister nirmala sitharaman said that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had earlier spoken on the issue and the matter is being definitely being taken up.
since he is an indian citizen, we all have to be concerned about this, she added.
deputy chairman p j kurien asked minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi to convey the members concerns to the external affairs minister.
in his zero hour mention, nadimul haque (tmc) highlighted the poor financial condition of several ex-sportspersons who have made the country proud.
he said many of them have to take up petty jobs to earn their livelihood.
prem chand gupta (rjd) sought a discussion on the issue.
meanwhile, the deputy chairman said the business in the house was productive and fruitful compared to the days of disruption, in an apparent reference to the nearly washed out winter session.
lets do like this.
it will be good for us, he said.
rajya sabha has not witnessed any adjournment in the ongoing budget session so far.
b'saint mother teresa of calcutta.
(mother teresa express archive photo) saint mother teresa of calcutta.
(mother teresa express archive photo)west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, who attended mother teresas canonisation ceremony in the vatican city on sunday, said it was a proud moment for both india and bengal, where she dedicated her entire life to the service of the poor.
it is a proud thing for bengal that she belonged and worked for kolkata.
our missionaries, our charity, all our fathers, bishops, christian brothers and sisters, we have always a good relation with them, said mamata.
it is because of their invitation that we are here, and we are greatly honoured, she added.
she further said it was an excellently-organised gathering, and all the priests, the bishops, the nuns and the whole community from all over the world present there were just like one family.
rejoicing her sainthood, kejriwal said, it is a very emotional moment for the entire humanity, especially for india.
even though she was from albania, she made india her home and spent her entire life to serve the poor and the needy, he told ani.
the way she selflessly served the poor by living among them, such examples are very rare in history, he said.
he added that he was fortunate enough that he once got a chance to work at her kalighat ashram for a couple of months in 1992-93.
she was a great soul and im personally very happy that she was granted sainthood, he said.
pope francis declared mother teresa a saint at a sunday morning mass, making her the model of his jubilee year of mercy.
mother teresa, known as the saint of the gutters during her life, was made a saint of the roman catholic church, 19 years after her death.
millions of catholics revere her as a model of compassion.
more than one lakh people attended the ceremony in front of st. peters basilica.
indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lead a 12-member delegation to attend the function.
in india, a series of events were held in kolkata to mark the occasion.
a special mass was organised at the mother house in the city, with nuns promising to celebrate with the poorest of the poor.
her statue was also unveiled at seashore st anthonys shrine in chennai.
pope francis had in march announced that mother teresa, who spent 45 years serving the poor and sick on the streets in kolkata, will be elevated to sainthood after the church recognised two miracles attributed to her after her death.
b'all stakeholders in the meeting reportedly agreed with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on finding a permanent solution to the problem.
(source: pti) all stakeholders in the meeting reportedly agreed with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on finding a permanent solution to the problem.
(source: pti)in an effort to find a permanent solution to the vexed fishermen issue with sri lanka, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today held a high-level meeting with various stakeholders and deliberated on its different aspects.
the meeting was attended by representatives of tamil nadu, puducherry, andhra pradesh, karnataka, kerala, odisha and 13 representatives from the fishermen association of tamil nadu.
it was also attended by officials of prime ministers office, coast guard, ministries of agriculture, home, defence, external affairs and the indian navy.
the 9th india-sri lanka joint commission meeting on february 5 had agreed on the need to work out a permanent solution to the fishermen issue.
external affairs minister chaired a meeting of internal stakeholders earlier today afternoon to discuss the way forward towards a permanent solution to the fishermen issue between india and sri lanka, mea spokesperson vikas swarup said.
he said release of 77 indian fishermen by sri lanka on july 25-26 and their repatriation to india set the immediate backdrop to the meeting.
the discussions between stakeholders on the indian side focussed on different aspects requiring attention, including the livelihood concerns of indian fishermen and introduction of sustainable fishing practices, said swarup.
he said all stakeholders agreed with swaraj that it was important to resolve the issues quickly.
it was agreed that ministry of agriculture and farmers welfare/ department of animal husbandry, dairying and fisheries would take action on specific measures suggested to meet livelihood concerns of indian fishermen.
there was agreement amongst all stakeholders that practical and pragmatic solutions needed to be pursued so that fishermen on both sides can pursue their livelihood in a safe, secure and sustainable manner, said the mea spokesperson.
b'prime minister narendra modi,bjp president amit shah,rajnath singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj felicitated union minister sarbananda sonowal as cm candidate for upcoming assam assembly elections after party parliamentary board meeting in new delhi on thursday.
express photo by anil sharma.
prime minister narendra modi,bjp president amit shah,rajnath singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj felicitated union minister sarbananda sonowal as cm candidate for upcoming assam assembly elections after party parliamentary board meeting in new delhi on thursday.
express photo by anil sharma.
in a departure from its recently set practice, the bjp thursday declared union minister and assam bjp chief sarbananda sonowal as its chief ministerial candidate for the assembly elections in assam, where it has high hopes on its electoral performance among the five poll-bound states this year.
the bjp parliamentary board, which met on thursday, the first time after amit shah was re-elected the partys national president for a full three-year term, took the decision to project sonowal as the partys face in the state.
this was a clear departure from its practice of not projecting a chief ministerial candidate ahead of polls.
the party had not declared a chief ministerial candidate when it faced assembly elections in bihar, maharashtra, jharkhand, haryana or in jammu and kashmir, with the exception of delhi, where it had declared kiran bedi as its face.
the party had won elections in four states, but faced a humiliating defeat in bihar and delhi.
the people of assam know sonowal as a national hero.
the parliamentary board has decided that the party will fight the assam polls under his leadership, union minister and parliamentary board member j p nadda told reporters after an hour-long meeting of the bjps top panel.
prime minister narendra modi was present at the meeting.
the decision, according to sources, was taken after the party realised that too much exposure of the prime minister in the state elections, in the absence of a face for the state polls, would damage his image.
pm modi led the poll campaign during bihar and delhi assembly elections.
however, nadda did not clarify whether the bjp would declare chief ministerial candidates for the other poll-bound states, including west bengal, tamil nadu, kerala and puducherry.
the parliamentary board also felicitated shah who was elected unopposed for a fresh term as the party chief on january 24.
b'sandeep thottapilly and family.
(source: facebook) sandeep thottapilly and family.
(source: facebook)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condoled the deaths of the four members of an indian family whose bodies were recovered from the rain-swollen eel river after their car plunged into it.
the family  sandeep thottapilly, 41, his wife soumya thottapilly, 38, and their two kids siddhanth, 12 and saachi, 9  were on a road trip when they reportedly went missing on april 5.
all the four bodies have been recovered from eel river in california (us).
we are helping their families in the visa process to enable their travel to us.
my heartfelt condolences on the tragic deaths of sandeep thotapilly, soumya and their two children.
all the four bodies have been recovered from eel river in california (us).
we are helping their families in the visa process to enable their travel to us.
https://t.
co/lio7v8qgi4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 17, 2018sandeep, originally from surat, was traveling from portland with his family and was supposed to make a stop at san jose to meet a friend, before heading to his home in los angels.
the family, however, failed to show up at the friends place on april 6 and were officially declared as missing on april 8.
his friends and family in india had started a social media campaign to search for the family.
the body of the 12-year-old siddhanth was found submerged in the eel river on monday.
on sunday, the officials found the sports utility vehicle with bodies of sandeep and saachi inside.
the smell of gasoline about a half-mile (1 kilometer) downstream from where the crash was reported, led the investigators to the car.
soumyas body was found on friday miles from the crash site in an area previously covered with water from the storm-swollen river.
b'indias dipa karmakar performs on the vault during the artistic gymnastics womens apparatus final at the 2016 summer olympics in rio de janeiro.
indias dipa karmakar performs on the vault during the artistic gymnastics womens apparatus final at the 2016 summer olympics in rio de janeiro.
the jaipur police has sought details of three user accounts from micro-blogging site twitter after a local woman lodged a complaint against them for abuse and rape threats, following her tweets to celebrated gymnast dipa karmakar.
the woman had criticised the government for inciting sports persons to earn medals without putting in place the requisite infrastructure.
she had said that risking ones life to get a medal was not worth it for any damned country.
it was after this that certain users started trolling her with abuses and threats.
the jaipur police registered a case under sections 66d and 67 of the it act, after an intervention on twitter by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the jaipur womans ordeal started on august 14 after her tweet on karmakars olympic performance received a lot of hits.
in a series of tweets, she wrote: conflicted about dipa karmakars olympic vault final.
it is an incredible achievement of course.
but gymnasts from richer countries dont have to perform the produnova, called the death vault, to gain points.
they can do easier vaults, and execute it better because: better infrastructure, better training, better everything.
tonight, she is going to risk her life to win an olympic medal.
life is not worth any medal, for any damned country.
the worst part is government trying to entice young people into somehow getting an olympic medal.
how on earth are they supposed to get a medal when theres no infrastructure (to) support their training.
so now to make their lives better in this poor country, people in sports will try to get a medal no matter what.
it is a narrative governed by poverty, she wrote.
soon after, she started receiving abuse and threats of sexual assault, following which she tweeted for help to union home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
read | woman trolled for tweeting about dipa karmakars performance in rio olympics, case is filed against harassersswaraj then tweeted to raje to look into the matter following which the latter asked jaipur police commissioner sanjay agarwal to get in touch with the aggrieved woman.
i got a call from the commissioner at about 11 that night.
so, i called the woman and asked her if she needed help.
she said she felt threatened so we went to her residence.
she narrated the incident to us and based on that we registered a fir at 2 am that night, dcp jaipur (east) kunwar rashtradeep told the indian express.
the woman later tweeted for help to women and child development minister maneka gandhi as well, who too, responded promptly assuring help.
however, the users operating the abusive accounts are yet to be identified for want of information from twitter, rashtradeep said.
the uae thursday announced it will honour prime minister narendra modi with the prestigious zayed medal for playing a pivotal role in giving a big boost to the bilateral strategic ties.
advertisingthe president of the uae, sheikh khalifa bin zayed al nahyan, made the announcement to confer modi with the award  the highest decoration awarded to kings, presidents and heads of states.
we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendra modi, who gave these relations a big boost.
in appreciation of his efforts, the uae president grants him the zayed medal, crown prince of abu dhabi mohammed bin zayed tweeted.
the crown prince, who is also the deputy supreme commander of the uae armed forces, said modi played a key role in enhancing bilateral ties to the level of comprehensive strategic relations.
advertisingby granting our dear friend the indian prime minister the zayed medal, we express our appreciation for his role and efforts in developing friendly relations and extending bridges of cooperation between the uae and the republic of india in various fields, he said.
the award comes in appreciation of modis role in consolidating the long-standing friendship and joint strategic cooperation between the two countries, the khaleej times reported.
past recipients of the zayed medal include chinese president xi jinping, russian president vladimir putin, german chancellor angela merkel, british monarch queen elizabeth ii, former us president george w bush, and former french president nicolas sarkozy.
the government welcomed the uaes announcement, saying it is a recognition of his leadership to develop strategic ties between the two countries.
i am extremely happy to welcome the announcement of order of zayed for a great son of india prime minister narendra modi by his highness mohamed bin zayed, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
she said the prestigious award was bestowed on modi in recognition of his stellar role in ushering in a new era of strategic partnership with the uae and the best ever relations with the islamic world.
on behalf of the people of india, i express our deep sense of gratitude to his highness the president, his highness the crown prince of uae for this great honour.
ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said india greatly appreciated this honour bestowed on modi.
this singular honour is in recognition of the efforts of the government under the prime ministers leadership to develop the strategic partnership between india and the uae, kumar said.
we greatly appreciate this honour bestowed upon the pm by crown prince mohammed bin zayed and the government of the uae.
kumar said the uae is home to the largest number of indian citizens outside india, and is new delhis partner in diverse pillars of cooperation, including investment, energy, defence and security.
modi visited the uae for the second time as prime minister in february last year and held wide-ranging talks with the crown prince.
after denying any communique from the kerala government on the pending vigilance case against former cvc pj thomas,the centre has now made public a letter from the state which says he was not cleared to serve on central deputation.
the central public information officer of the department of personnel and training in an rti response had earlier said no such letter was with them.
but during the first appeal,deputy secretary r k mittal overturned the previous reply.
after going through the relevant papers and official records,it appears that the cpio was not able to link up the letter with the file concerned.
accordingly,cpio is directed to refer to fileand provide the relevant information, mittal said in his order.
after the decision,the letter dated march 11,2008 from the chief secretary of kerala objecting to thomas deputation to the centre was provided to activist s c agrawal.
the communique has punctured the claims of dopt that it was unaware about the ongoing vigilance case against thomas while short-listing his name for the post of anti-corruption watchdog central vigilance commissioner.
p j thomas,ias,chief secretary to government (kerala),had applied for central deputation in 1988,but was not selected for appointment.
subsequently after 1992,he had expressed his willingness for central deputation,but was not considered because of ongoing vigilance enquiry/case.
because of this he was not considered so far.
the case has not been finalised yet.
i may inform tha thomas could not work at the centre as he was not recommended for the same by the state government, the letter from the chief secretary said.
60-year-old thomas,a 1973-batch ias officer of the kerala cadre,was appointed chief secretary of the state in 2007 before moving to the centre in 2009 as secretary,parliamentary affairs,telecom secretary and finally central vigilance commissioner.
the government had appointed thomas as cvc despite dissension by leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj,who was one of the three-members in the selection committee comprising prime minister manmohan singh and home minister p chidambaram.
the apex court had later quashed the appointment of thomas as cvc holding that the recommendation made by the panel,headed by the prime minister,did not consider the relevant material and,therefore,its advice does not exist in law.
the court had scrapped his appointment as cvc on a pil by center for public interest litigation (cpil) and retired bureaucrats and police officials,including former chief election commissioner j m lyngdoh,challenging his appointment in view of a criminal case pending against him.
later,the prime minister had said he was unaware of the pending case against thomas and virtually blamed chavan,who was mos (personnel) at that time,for the fiasco,contending that the key information was not provided.
reacting to it,chavan said vigilance clearance was the responsibility of the state government.
he had also said the central deputation of thomas was on the basis of documents provided by the kerala government.
this argument was termed baseless by the then chief minister of kerala v s achuthanandan who said the centre was duly informed about pending vigilance case against thomas in 2008.
foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria said zahir was trapped and pakistan was in touch with nepal to trace him.
foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria said zahir was trapped and pakistan was in touch with nepal to trace him.
pakistan on thursday claimed foreign spy agencies may have trapped and then abducted one of its former army officers, who has mysteriously disappeared from a nepalese town close to the indian border.
lt col muhammad habib zahir disappeared on april 6 from lumbini, a buddhist pilgrimage site near indias border town of sonauli, where he had apparently gone for a job interview.
foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria said zahir was trapped and pakistan was in touch with nepal to trace him.
he was lured after being offered a job the role of foreign spy agencies cannot be ruled out, he said, without naming any country.
but words such as enemy and foreign spy agency by the foreign office are often used to suggest the involvement of india and its external intelligence agency, the research and analysis wing (r&aw).
zahir, who retired from service in october 2014 from the artillery wing of the pakistan army, worked for a private firm but had posted his profile online seeking another employment.
a caller, who identified himself as mark thompson, had reportedly contacted zahir  via email and telephone  for the job interview and he was provided an air ticket to travel to nepal.
an initial probe by pakistani security agencies has showed that a phone number registered in the uk was computer-generated to contact zahir and emails and website domains were registered in india.
from nepal, zahir had contacted his family last thursday and since his phone numbers could not be reached.
his last message from lumbini read he had reached his destination.
his disappearance has coincided with the death penalty handed down to former india naval officer kulbhushan jadhav by a pakistani army court for his involvement in terrorism and espionage.
but pakistan has repeatedly refused india any consular access to jadhav.
the sentencing has evoked strong reactions from india, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saying the country will go out of its way to secure jadhavs release.
today, zakaria warned against linking zahirs case with jadhavs as the indian national was an irrefutable proof of indian states involvement in terrorism, subversion and terror financing.
it would be unreasonable on indias part to link the jadhav case with zahir, he said.
he said the r&aw agent was arrested red-handed, who identified himself and has confessed in their custody.
the foreign office spokesperson also said four terrorists arrested by sindh rangers yesterday from karachi have confessed to having links with the r&aw.
india remains involved in subversive and terrorist activities and terror financing in pakistan.
kulbhushan jadhav is an irrefutable proof.
the arrest of four terrorists by sindh rangers, yesterday, is also a case in point, he said.
prime minister narendra modi during his visit to bangladesh [also] confessed to indias involvement in [then] east pakistan in 1971, zakaria said.
zakaria condemned the killing of what he said were 14 kashmiris by indian security forces in the past one week.
he said 250 others were also injured.
he called upon the international community to help stop bloodshed in kashmir.
b'union hrd minister smriti irani union hrd minister smriti iranishastri bhawan had an interesting visitor this week, as bollywood filmmaker subhash ghai met hrd minister smriti irani.
he dropped in to give inputs for the new education policy, to be unveiled this year.
apparently, ghai suggested that artistic skills should be part of school curriculum.
irani is learnt to have told him that she might invite him later to interact with members of the drafting committee.
jaitley relievedfinance minister arun jaitley, who rarely betrays emotions in the house, was all ears when women and child development minister maneka gandhi rose to answer a question on how the ministry was managing after funds for integrated child development scheme (icds) had been slashed.
maneka said funds for the scheme had not been slashed and that on the contrary, she had enough money to not only provide sufficient funds but engage in a massive intervention to see that they are spent more efficiently.
only last year, with the fm sitting in the house, maneka had said after the bgudget that icds funds had been cut so sharply that she could not even pay anganwadi workers.
kudos for q&awhen external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj went to israel last month, she met israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu.
and as swaraj was introducing all the officials in her delegation, the meas official spokesperson vikas swarup got praise from the israeli pm.
netanyahu told swarup that he had read his book, q&a, on which the oscar-winning film slumdog millionaire was based, and found it full of hope.
b'backing l k advani,former union minister jaswant singh today said a solution should be found to the questions raised by the bjp patriarch soon in the interest of the party as well as the nation.
singh,who is a close associate of advani,also expressed hope that a solution will be found when asked whether advani will reconsider his decision to quit.
a solution should be found soon to the questions raised by advani ji.
this is in the interest of the party.
this is in the interest of the nation, singh said after meeting advani here.
taken aback by advanis resignation from all party posts,bjp leaders today said they will persuade him to reconsider it and were hopeful that he will do so.
singh also maintained that efforts are on to persuade advani to take back his resignation.
i am hopeful that a solution will be found out, he said.
there is no resignation once the parliamentary board has rejected it.
bjp plunged into a crisis yesterday after advani quit from three main party posts  parliamentary board,national executive and the election committee.
the bjp parliamentary board,which met yesterday,passed a resolution describing advani as its leader and guide.
in nagpur,former bjp president nitin gadkari said the party needs the guidance of a veteran leader like advani at this juncture.
we will pray to him to reconsider and i am confident he will take back his resignation, gadkari said.
the fifth member, china, has also not publicly opposed it, the external affairs minister said.
i am confident that if not this time, then next time, india would become a permanent member of the security council, she said.
we dont want any discrimination between old and new members.
we dont want two classes  that there is a first class and a second class of permanent members.
this should make it clear that india wants the same responsibilities, prerogatives and obligations as the current permanent members, she said.
she said india has been making diplomatic efforts to ensure not only expansion but also reform in the security council.
she said india wanted expansion of its permanent as well as non-permanent membership of the council.
france supported the extension while russia and china did not make any submission on the issue, she said.
she said discussions were currently on in the un general assembly through inter-governmental negotiation and india and other pro-reform groupings have been calling commencement of text based negotiations.
b'piyush goyal welcomes agrawal to bjp.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal) piyush goyal welcomes agrawal to bjp.
(express photo: tashi tobgyal)minutes after he joined the bjp, rajya sabha mp naresh agrawal monday was at the centre of a storm after saying he joined the party because he was bypassed for somebody who danced and worked in films, referring to actor-turned-politician jaya bachchan.
agrawal drew sharp criticism from the bjp, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his remarks were improper and unacceptable.
agrawal quit the samajwadi party and formally joined the bjp in new delhi after he lost out his rajya sabha re-nomination to bachchan.
agrawals term as rajya sabha member ends on april 2.
addressing a press conference in the presence of union minister piyush goyal at the bjp headquarters in new delhi, agrawal said: aur filmon mein kaam karnewali se meri haisiyat kar di gayi.
ye filmon mein dance karte, apna role karte, unke naam par hamara ticket kata gaya, mein ne isko bahut uchit nahin samjha.
kisi ne bhi isko uchit nahin samjha.
(my status has been equated with women who work in films.
for somebody who used to dance in films, act in films, i was denied a (rajya sabha) ticket.
i did not find it appropriate.
nobody found it appropriate).
read | rajya sabha polls: naresh agarwal joining bjp spoils sp, bsps numbers game; heres howwhile the bjp distanced itself from his remarks, swaraj took to twitter: shri naresh agrawal has joined bhartiya janata party.
he is welcome.
however, his comments regarding jaya bachchanji are improper and unacceptable.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra, who was at the press conference, picked up the microphone immediately after agrawal concluded his brief speech.
before i request piyush goyalji to hand over the membership to him, i would like to clarify one thing from this platform: whether it is a film star or just a party worker, everyone is respected.
bjp respects everyone.
we respect all, he said.
read | denied rajya sabha ticket, naresh agarwal dumps samajwadi party for bjpaccording to goyal, patra had already discussed the issue with bjp leaders including party chief amit shah.
but the damage was done.
social media was abuzz with vehement criticism against agrawal, who often courted controversy with his remarks inside and outside parliament.
bjp leaders admitted that the party was deeply embarrassed by his remarks and that it has taken the sheen off the partys excitement over his shift to the bjp.
goyal, in the press conference, had also explained how the bjp would benefit from the clever leadership of agrawal.
read | naresh agarwals naachney wali jibe at jaya bachchan upsets bjp: but its nothing new for himaccording to agrawal, he had joined the bjp because he was impressed by the partys work and the leadership of both prime minister narendra modi and shah.
whatever work the bjp gives me i will accept.
we will do seva for the bjp.
i promise to deliver fully, he said.
he claimed that the people of his community  baniya (vaishya)  supported the bjp and would appreciate his move.
agrawal also said his son and sp mla in up, nitin, would vote in favour of the bjp in the rajya sabha elections.
this could derail the calculations of the sp-bsp-congress for the rs polls in up.
in order to send two candidates, the combine needs 74 votes and the sp has 47 including agrawals mla son nitin, the bsp has 19 and the congress has seven.
this makes 73.
but even if the rlds single mla votes for their candidate, the two candidates will find it hard to win if nitin votes against them.
the bjp monday fielded 11 candidates for the 10 rajya sabha seats in up.
b'gujarat chief minister narendra modi today fired a fresh salvo at prime minister manmohan singh,saying his speech reminded him of proverb empty vessels make the most noise and his poetry was a vain attempt to hide centres failures.
i listened to the speech of prime minister day before yesterday and i remembered the saying empty vessels make the most noise, modi said addressing a function,where congress leader vitthal radadia and his son joined the bjp.
radadia had hit the headlines last year after he was caught on camera brandishing a gun at a toll-booth and was then condemned by the bjp.
while praising leader of opposition in the lok sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj for her reply,modi said that the prime ministers speech had no road map for development and his reply in rajya sabha showed that his attacking posture has died within just twenty-four hours.
people would have expected that prime minister will speak about how he wants to take this country forward,what is the roadmap,what are the programmes,but nothing of this sort was there in the speech, modi said.
instead he recited sher-o-shayri,to cover up failures.
he felt he is under attack and if he did not speak up,media attention will not be gained.
that is the reason he attacked through poetry, modi said,adding that now the entire media had started speaking the poetical language.
but he was not aware that bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj will give such a beautiful reply to him by using the language of poetry, modi said.
the pm spoke in the rajya sabha today.
his attacking posture had changed and no poetry was recited,knowing that he would get a befitting reply.
his attacking posture has died within just twenty-four hours, modi said.
the union government has failed on all fronts and is pushing the nation towards a crisis.
youth of the country are seeing darkness all around, modi said.
after modi called the congress termites and dubbed the prime minister as night watchman at bjp national council meet,the prime minister said in the lok sabha on wednesday that bjp had hurled the choicest abuses,but he would not use the same language in reply.
modi today said that while the upa government allocated rs 1,000 crore for skill development of youth,gujarat,a small state,had allocated rs 800 crore for the same purpose.
gujarat was leading the country in the fight against malnutrition and unemployment was lowest in the state,he claimed.
modi also said that solving the water problem of saurashtra was a top priority of his government.
a resident of manimajra, singh had gone to dubai in search of work, where he began working for a company there.
source: expresssanjay tandon, president of the city unit of bhartiya janta party, visited the family of 23-year-old gurpreet singh on tuesday, and assured them that the government will do its best to bring him back to the country, along with other indians.
singh is one of those indians stranded in iraq.
a resident of manimajra, singh had gone to dubai in search of work, where he began working for a company there.
however, a few months back, he was sent to iraq by the company along with other employees.
tandon says that while he made several attempts to contact singh, who is hiding in basra, iraq, he could not be contacted.
the cell phone through which singh had initially contacted his family, belonged to another youth, ravi, from nawanshahr.
tandon informed that ravi had said that all of them were hiding in the old palace of saddam hussein, and were safe.
tandon said that he had talked to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj regarding the issue, and had made requests for the government to speed up the process of bringing singh back to his home country, along with other indians.
asif nizami and nazim nizami asif nizami and nazim nizamibranding the disappearance of two indian sufi clerics in karachi as a worrisome issue, the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on saturday assured that the government of india is putting pressures on pakistan regarding the issue.
this is a worrisome issue.
our government is putting pressure on pakistan.
people from both the countries are travelling back and forth every time and such an incident is not acceptable, bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain told ani.
he added that the foreign affairs ministry is in continuous contact with pakistan and investigation is underway.
two indian sufi clerics, who were on a pilgrimage to pakistan, have gone missing, prompting india to take up the matter with the pakistani government.
two clerics, asif nizami and nazim nizami, had gone to karachi to meet their relatives after which they headed to lahore to visit the shrines of sufi saints.
syed asif ali nizami is the head priest of new delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah.
pakistan foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria also acknowledged that an indian request seeking assistance for the recovery of two clerics had been received.
sushma swaraj replied, this is just not correct.
we are constantly monitoring the situation in qatar.
(file photo) sushmaswaraj swaraj replied, this is just not correct.
we are constantly monitoring the situation in qatar.
the ministers statement came in reply to a user who tweeted that her brother and other indians were still stuck in qatar and they need help from the government to bring them back.
the person had tweeted, @sushmaswaraj my brother wid other indians stuck in qatar wid storage of basic enmities, they need our govt help.
plz hlp to bring dem back, to which swaraj replied, this is just not correct.
we are constantly monitoring the situation in qatar.
qatar is facing diplomatic isolation by four major arab countries that have also closed air, sea and land links with it, and india is constantly monitoring the situation here.
saudi arabia, egypt, the uae and bahrain announced on monday they were cutting diplomatic ties and closing all connectivity links with qatar, giving qataris within their borders two weeks to leave.
all flights to and from qatar have been suspended by the four countries and they have also pulled their ambassadors from doha and ordered qatari diplomats to leave.
the dispute has sparked the worst diplomatic crisis in the arab world in years and raised fears it will cause further instability in an already-volatile region.
according to the latest data, there are around 6.
5 lakh indians living and working in qatar.
she had said the government was trying to find out if any indian was stuck there and hoped things would get better soon.
sushma swaraj welcomes federica mogherini as m j akbar looks on in new delhi on friday.
ap photo sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomes federica mogherini as m j akbar looks on in new delhi on friday.
ap photothe european union and india on friday resolved to step up counter-terror cooperation, besides agreeing to expand engagement in several areas such as maritime security, trade, energy and environment.
eu foreign policy chief federica mogherini had separate meetings with prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during which key issues of common interest were discussed with a focus on further ramping up overall ties.
the eu said the two sides resolved to enhance cooperation, bilaterally and multilaterally, in combating terrorism and agreed to work closely in dealing with multilateralism, climate change, sustainable development and free and fair trade.
in her meeting with mogherini, swaraj condemned the terror attack in paris on thursday and emphasised that india and the eu should strengthen their cooperation to fight terrorism in all forms and demonstrate resolve to show zero-tolerance for such acts.
she called terrorism the gravest threat to humanity.
mogherini, who arrived here on a two-day visit, held delegation-level talks with minister of state for external affairs m j akbar during which the eu side is understood to have pushed for early resumption of talks for the long-pending india-eu broad based trade and investment agreement.
preparations for the annual india-eu summit, scheduled to be held here later this year, were also reviewed.
in a statement, the external affairs ministry said both sides discussed ways to take forward talks on the trade pact.
the two sides reaffirmed their commitment to deepening their strategic partnership.
they reviewed progress on the commitments made during the 13th india-eu summit in brussels in march 2016 including in the areas of counter-terrorism, migration and mobility, the mea said.
on its part, the eu said both sides took stock of progress made on decisions taken at last years eu-india summit and agreed to deepen cooperation in a broad range of areas such as security and defence, trade, investment, climate change, water, new and renewable energy, environment, space and technology.
b'file photo of pathankot airbase.
(source: reuters) file photo of pathankot airbase.
(source: reuters)forty-eight hours after pakistan registered an fir in the pathankot terror attack, plans are afoot to schedule three interactions between india and pakistan over the next month or so, sources told the sunday express on saturday.
talks are on to schedule a visit by pakistans special investigation team to india, and to have a meeting between indian and pakistan foreign secretaries as well as between the two foreign ministers in nepal in mid-march, on the sidelines of saarc sessions.
discussions have been underway to schedule a visit by the sit for some time now.
but that was contingent on the filing of the fir.
now that it has been registered, it is likely that the sits visit to india will take place, a source said.
officials from both pakistan and india confirmed to the sunday express that discussions are on to schedule these visits and meetings to resume the dialogue process.
the two sides are discussing the mandate of the sit and the details of the visit  whether they will come to delhi and meet the officials, or they will visit pathankot.
even if they go to the air base, where all can they visit, a source said.
while national security advisors ajit k doval and pakistans nsa nasser khan janjua have reportedly been talking to each other  mostly on the phone  pakistans high commissioner abdul basit met foreign secretary s jaishankar this week.
in islamabad, the new indian high commissioner, gautam bambawale, has been talking to pakistans foreign secretary aizaz ahmad chaudhary and janjua.
he has also met pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz and special assistant on foreign affairs tareq fatmi.
the foreign secretaries will be in nepal for the saarc standing committee meeting on march 14 and 15, while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart sartaj aziz will be there on march 17 for the saarc ministerial meeting.
the possibility of a meeting between jaishankar and chaudhary, and swaraj and aziz, is being discussed.
however, the key meeting  which has been tasked to firm up the modalities for resumption of the comprehensive bilateral dialogue process  will be between jaishankar and chaudhary.
a call will be taken whether the meeting in kathmandu will be about the dialogue process or the foreign secretary will travel to islamabad for the substantive meeting, sources said.
an fir has been registered in pakistan under sections 302 (murder), 309 (attempt to murder) and 109 (abetment) of the pakistan penal code, 7 (punishment for acts of terror) and 21 (security to witness and judges) of the anti-terrorism act, 1997, in the pathankot case, against unknown people, not naming jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar.
sources said filing of the fir is a step forward and forms the legal basis for pakistans six-member investigation team, headed by additional inspector general of punjabs counter-terrorism department rai tahir, to probe indias assertion that the jem was behind the january 2 pathankot attack.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan.
(express photo/tashi tobgyal/file) kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan.
(express photo/tashi tobgyal/file)kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan today urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to immediately resolve the issue of maldives not renewing work permits of indian nationals and denying them visa.
in a letter to swaraj, a copy of which was released to the media here, he noted that more than 30,000 indians, majority of them from kerala, were working in the education, health and tourism sectors in maldives, adding the restrictions has caused anxiety.
the work permits used to be usually renewed within a week but at present they were not, he said, while seeking sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention, considering the issue as a national one.
certain recent political development there was the reason for denying the work permits and visas, he said.
india and maldives share diplomatic relations since the island nation became independent, he said adding the role played by keralites in the economy of the island nation had been recognised by it.
b'dhaka terror attack: indian national tarishi jain was killed in the siege.
(source: tarishi jain, facebook page) dhaka terror attack: indian national tarishi jain was killed in the siege.
(source: tarishi jain, facebook page)indian national, tarishi jain, 18, who was killed in the dhaka terror attack, was reportedly a ba economics student of berkeley college, university of california.
in fact, she was awarded an internship program by eastern bank limited in 2016 and her project was on ebl-commerce growth opportunity in bangladesh.
her father, sanjeev jain, is reported to be a textile merchant based in dhaka.
meanwhile, tarishis cousin brother sirish today said, we are saddened, want to go to dhaka, mea is helping us in formalities.
firozabad (up): family members mourn death of tarushi jain who got killed in #dhakaattack pic.
twitter.com/alre0hv4l1  ani (@ani_news) july 2, 2016read: indian girl among 20 dead in siege, sushmaswaraj expresses condolencestarishi, was among the 20 foreigners killed by isis militants in the dhaka cafe attack, one of bangladeshs worst hostage crisis.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed condolence over her death today.
extremely pained to share that the terrorists have killed tarushi, an indian girl who was taken hostage in the terror attack in dhaka, said swaraj.
i have spoken to her father sanjeev jain and conveyed our deepest condolences.
the country is with them in this hour of grief.
read: dhaka attack: 20 foreigners killed by is militants, 13 hostages rescuedtwenty foreigners were brutally murdered with sharp weapons by isis militants inside a restaurant popular with expatriates in the high-security diplomatic zone before elite commandos stormed the cafe today and killed them.
prime minister narendra modi and tamil nadu chief minister ek palaniswami.
prime minister narendra modi and tamil nadu chief minister ek palaniswami.
sri lankan navy today arrested 12 indian fishermen from tamil nadu, prompting the state government to ask the centre to send an unequivocal message to colombo to stop the apprehensions.
chief minister k palaniswami said the 12 persons were arrested today in two different instances after they set sail from jegathapattinam and kottaipattinam fishing bases in puthukottai on early hours.
the chief minister told prime minister narendra modi that the arrest came days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had met tamil nadu ministers and the fishermen representatives separately this month.
it is unfortunate that these incidents have taken place at a time when our fishermen are hopeful that a pragmatic and permanent solution to this issue would emerge as was discussed at the meeting with swaraj, he told modi in a letter.
this most recent act of the sri lankan navy again creates anxiety and unrest in the minds of our fishermen and vitiates the atmosphere of hope which was generated as a result of these meetings, he said.
he said a firm, clear, unequivocal and unambiguous message should be sent out by the government of india to sri lanka to ensure that these apprehensions are stopped.
it should also be ensured that the livelihood of the poor and innocent fishermen from tamil nadu, who are engaged in their traditional occupation and fish in their traditional waters, are protected, he said.
palaniswami reiterated that the impounded boats of the fishermen berthed in sri lanka should be released immediately.
i reiterate that the issue of apprehension of our fishermen and release of their boats be taken up at the highest diplomatic level and the government of india take necessary steps to ensure the safety and security of our fishermen, he said.
palaniswami sought modis personal intervention to secure the release of a total of 38 fishermen and 133 fishing boats currently in sri lankan custody at the earliest.
he also reminded modi of the state governments demand for a rs 1,650 crore deep-sea fishing package.
on september 23, 2016, in his first public address after the uri attack, prime minister narendra modi made a distinction between elements within pakistan that support terrorism and anti-india activities, and its common people.
he called on the people of pakistan to wage war on poverty and under-development alongside their indian counterparts, and pressure their government to adopt a more peaceful path.
the spirit of magnanimity displayed by the pm in that moment has been belied now by the ministry of external affairs (mea) when it chose to advise a delhi-based ngo to send back students and teachers from the lahore grammar school, on a goodwill visit to interact with their indian counterparts.
reportedly, in light of the inhuman and brutal mutilation of indian security personnel along the line of control (loc) by pakistani soldiers, the mea felt it was not an appropriate time for such a visit.
in fact, it is at difficult times like this that gestures of goodwill between young people from both countries should be seen to be more significant.
the meas advisory is even more difficult to understand given the precedent set by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
in the wake of the surgical strikes by india across the loc in september last year, the minister encouraged a group of pakistani students to remain in chandigarh for a conference they were attending in the city and ensured their safe return.
that was a reaction that behoves a country of indias size and values.
yet, just months later, the mea seems to have forgotten that indias engagement with pakistan goes far beyond the exchanges along the loc.
rather than its minister, it seems to be following the example of the indian motion pictures producers association, which petulantly banned performers and technicians from pakistan working in the mumbai film industry last year.
the beheading of indian soldiers has generated understandable anger and outrage.
the army and the government of india have taken it up with the highest levels in pakistan.
but the blunders of the pakistani establishment cannot allow the mea, and the government, to forget that dialogue is the only way out.
to keep that possibility alive, engagement with pakistan must be layered and continuous.
initiatives like the student exchange that was abruptly called off ensure that the people of both countries continue to speak even when governments trade accusations.
the students of the lahore grammar school had been writing to their friends in india for a year, and were eager to meet.
for futures sake, they should have been allowed to do so.
there are 74 missing defence personnel, including 54 prisoners of war, believed to be in pakistani jails, the government has said.
however, pakistan does not acknowledge the presence of any indian pow in its custody, she added.
watch what else is making newsreplying to a separate question, she said there were 301 fishermen, who are believed to be indians in pakistans custody.
as per available information, there are around 897 boats belonging to indian fishermen in pakistans custody, the minister said.
as many as 55 pakistani fishermen and 287 pakistani civil prisoners were in indias custody as of january 1, 2017, she added.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday stepped in to help captain tushar mahajans elder brother, nikhil mahajan, 29, whose return to india from the us has been stuck due to some paperwork.
captain tushar died fighting militants during the pampore encounter sunday.
nikhil mahajans hopes of returning to be with his family in its hour of grief brightened after his family and friends reached out to swaraj on twitter.
swaraj was quick to direct the indian embassy in washington dc to get in touch with nikhil, who has just started working after completing post-graduation in electrical engineering.
indian deputy chief of mission, taranjit singh sandhu, immediately got in touch with him and assured all help in expediting the paperwork.
speaking to the indian express over telephone from boston, nikhil said: i am on an f-1 visa that allows me to work for 29 months after post-graduation.
but, the visa is issued for 12 months, and it has to be renewed for the next 17 months.
that renewal process is still underway; and till i have the renewed visa, i cannot leave the country.
while he had applied for renewal of his visa in december and it was approved on tuesday morning, it would have taken another two to three weeks for the papers to reach him.
the indian embassys intervention is likely to fast-track the process and he will be able to join his family soon.
i last spoke to tushar on december 30 or 31and then had exchanged text messages when he was posted at the fronttushar was my younger brotheri cant believe he is gone, said nikhil.
she later tweeted, our dcm in washington ts sandhu has spoken to nikhil mahajan, brother of shaheed tushar mahajan.
we will take this up with us authorities.
chinese and indian soldiers have been locked in a face-off for over a month after indian troops stopped the chinese army from constructing a road near the doklam plateau.
(file) chinese and indian soldiers have been locked in a face-off for over a month after indian troops stopped the chinese army from constructing a road near the doklam plateau.
(file)china said on thursday that diplomatic channels with india remained unimpeded to discuss the military standoff in sikkim sector but reiterated that the withdrawal of the indian troops from doklam area is aprecondition for any meaningful dialogue.
our diplomatic channel is unimpeded, foreign ministry spokesman lu kang told reporters, confirming talks between indian and chinese missions to resolve the standoff.
lu, however, reiterated that the withdrawal of the indian border personnel is the precondition for any meaningful dialogue and communication between the two countries.
we are willing to talk, but both sides have to first take back their armies, she told the rajya sabha.
the minister said the boundaries between india and china are yet to be finalised and the two countries will do that bilaterally through discussions, while the same between china and bhutan too will be done through bilateral talks.
she accused china of building roads using bulldozers and excavators, which has been protested by bhutan in writing to china.
chinese and indian soldiers have been locked in a face-off for over a month after indian troops stopped the chinese army from constructing a road near the doklam plateau, fearing it may allow china to cut indias access to its north eastern states.
india has conveyed to china that the construction of the road would represent a significant change of status quo with serious security implications for new delhi.
india and china share a 220-km-long border in sikkim.
lu claimed that the incident makes it clear that indian border personnel illegally trespassed into chinas territory.
the standoff is expected to figure prominently during the visit of national security adviser ajit doval to beijing for the meeting of nsas from brics  brazil, russia, india, china and south africa  countries from july 26-27.
chinese officials say while there may not be a formal meeting between doval and his chinese counterpart yang jiechi,there can be informal talks between the two officials, who are also the special representatives of their countries for the border talks.
both countries have so far held 19 rounds of talks.
earlier july, china had refused to acknowledge that chinese president xi jinping even met prime minister narendra modi during the g 20 summit in hamburg, germany as the stand off continued.
indias ministry of external affairs, however, said that the two leaders met and discussed a range of issues.
b'over 450 bjp leaders, including modi, will hold 900 events in places outside their home states between may 26 and june 15.
(file photo) over 450 bjp leaders, including modi, will hold 900 events in places outside their home states between may 26 and june 15.
(file photo)having reached out to the masses with his mann ki baat radio programme, prime minister narendra modi will now get peoples feedback on his governments programmes and policies through jann ki baat.
jann ki baat will form part of the 20-day celebrations the bjp has planned to mark the modi governments three years in office beginning may 26, the day he was sworn-in as prime minister in 2014.
bjp chief ministers and ministers in states will visit those ruled by their political rivals, with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath travelling to bihar and his madhya pradesh counterpart shivraj singh chouhan to karnataka and odisha.
over 450 bjp leaders, including modi, members of his council of ministers, party chief amit shah, and other office bearers will hold 900 events in places outside their home states between may 26 and june 15, union minister smriti irani and party general secretary arun singh said on monday.
modi will kick off the exercise with a number of events in guwahati on may 26.
shah will visit kerala, the andaman and nicobar islands, chhattisgarh and arunachal pradesh, while top union ministers rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley, venkaiah naidu and nitin gadkari will attend events in mumbai and jaipur, delhi and lucknow, bengaluru and ahmedabad, bhubaneswar and chhattisgarh, and chennai and ranchi respectively.
most party chief ministers will go to non-bjp ruled states.
making of developed india (modi), a festival to celebrate the modi governments three years in office, will be one of the seven major events and people, especially youth, will be informed about various government schemes, and urged to download related apps on their mobiles, irani told a press conference.
government agencies and the ruling party will organise these events.
through jann ki baat (peoples voice), common people can record their feedback on the performance of the government, she said.
singh said 330 bjp mps, 11 chief ministers, five deputy chief ministers, ministers in state governments, besides organisational functionaries will participate in these programmes.
bjps nda allies will be involved in celebrations organised by the government, he said.
they will each hold two events in states outside their home state.
they also have to organise events in their home state and constituencies (for mps), he said.
they will hold rallies, visit colonies populated by the poor and meet the local intelligentsia, he said.
irani cited central government programmes, including the one to provide lpg connections to poor households, jan dhan, and mudra yojana, 70 per cent of whose beneficiaries are women, to claim that the government has touched the lives of the poor across the country.
ten fishermen from tamil nadu were on tuesday arrested by the sri lankan navy with the state government alleging that the lankan navy has little regard for the diplomatic efforts being undertaken on the issue.
the fishermen were arrested on charges of crossing the international maritime boundary line (imbl) when they were fishing near katchatheevu.
one fishing boat was also seized by the lankan navy.
chief minister k palaniswami said the incident came close on the heels of lankan navy personnel allegedly killing an indian fisherman on march 6.
although shortly after the shooting incident, 85 indian fishermen were released by the sri lankan navy, the apprehensions made again today indicate that the sri lankan navy has little regard for the diplomatic efforts being undertaken to solve the vexatious issue, he added.
in a letter to prime minister narendra modi, palaniswami reiterated the need for mutually acceptable fishing arrangements between india and sri lanka.
tamil nadu has pointed out various examples where countries sharing narrow waters between them have worked out mutually acceptable agreements on fishing through bilateral diplomatic efforts, the chief minister said.
the continuous arrests and apprehensions by the sri lankan navy, however, seem to be an attempt only to prevent any such diplomatic solution to the issue, he said and called for effective action from new delhi to curb the repeated apprehensions and harassment of the fishermen by sri lanka.
further, a total of 129 fishing boats impounded by the lankan navy were precariously berthed there, palaniswami pointed out and sought the release of the boats in a refurbished, sea-worthy condition.
a decisive shift in the manner in which this sensitive issue is being dealt with is long awaited and is the need of the hour, he wrote in the letter to the prime minister.
the chief minister sought modis direction to external affairs ministry officials for concrete action through diplomatic channels to secure the immediate release of the 10 fishermen and 129 boats.
he also reiterated tamil nadus demand of a rs-1,650 crore package for deep-sea fishing from the centre.
meanwhile, a delegation of tamil nadu fishermen demanded that india initiated legal proceedings against sri lanka in connection with the killing of one of their colleagues, bridgo, on march 6, during a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
meanwhile in colombo, sri lankan navy spokesperson said that the arrested fishermen and their trawler were brought to the naval base.
they were to be handed over to the jaffna assistant director of fisheries for onward legal action, the spokesperson said.
rohaan has a hole in his heart and will now be treated at jaypee hospital in noida.
(source: ani photo) rohaan has a hole in his heart and will now be treated at jaypee hospital in noida.
(source: ani photo)four-month-old pakistani child rohaan, who is in need of urgent medical attention for a heart ailment, arrived with his parents in india for treatment on tuesday  all thanks to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention.
the minister, responding to rohaans father kanwal saadiks appeal for help, granted medical visa to the child despite restrictions on the same.
in the face of heightened tensions between the two neighbouring nations, the indian government had announced that only those medical visa applications that are recommended by pakistans foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz would be considered.
expressing gratitude to swaraj, ani quoted saadik as saying: i appreciate eam sushmaswaraj swaraj, she helped me a lot.
rohaan has a hole in his heart and will now be treated at jaypee hospital in noida.
saadik had recently taken to twitter to inform swaraj about his childs critical condition and that he was not being granted a medical visa owing to the strained relationships between india and pakistan.
father of 3.
5-month-old pakistani infant rohaan, who arrived in india of treatment says appreciate eam sushmaswaraj swaraj, she helped me a lot.
pic.
twitter.com/gsen6urmxi  ani (@ani_news) june 13, 2017saadik received a positive response from swaraj who said the political issues between the two nations will not stand in the way of the childs treatment and assured him of the medical visa.
he had tweeted: why my bud suffers for medical treatment!
!
any answers sir sartaaj azeez or maam sushma?
?
to which the external affairs minister had replied, no.
the child will not suffer.
pls contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa.
reportedly, paediatric cardiologist ashutosh marwah will first treat rohaan, following which he will undergo a heart surgery that will be carried out by paediatric cardiac surgeon rajesh sharma.
in 2009, the bjp-jd(u) alliance had swept all seven seats that will go to polls in bihar wednesday, including madhubani.
five years down, the contest in this seat is mainly between the bjps sitting mp hukumdev narayan yadav and the rjds abdul bari siddiqui.
while the bjp claims the modi factor has won over the yadavs  an rjd votebank  the jd(u) appears to have lost its muslim support to the rjd.
madhubani district bjp leader bharat bhushan yadav claims there are silent narendra modi voters among yadavs.
mass mobilisation efforts by the party haev been able to convince yadav voters, mostly in the age group 18 to 40, of the need for change at the centre, he claims.
the bjp has been telling yadavs they should not waste their vote on lalu and his rjd, who will not play any role in the next government at the centre.
vice-chairman of the madhubani zila panchayat district board bharat bhushan says modi has been able to connect across caste lines because of his ebc identity.
a sizeable section of the yadav voters believe that just as lalu had given them a sense of empowerment in bihar, modi can do the same for obcs and dalits at the national level, he says.
some yadavs concede a shift towards modi.
brajnandan yadav, who had come to listen to bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj at benipatti, says: it is true that some young voters are in two minds.
while there is pressure from elders to go with lalu, the young voters want a change of government at the centre.
another yadav voter, chandan, a student and a first-time voter, says he wants modi at the centre.
this is not an assembly election.
we can return to lalu, he argues.
the brahmin voters, meanwhile, are solidly behind the bjp.
last time, several of us had voted for the congresss shakil ahmed.
but this time, it has to be modi.
the problem is whether to look at the top (centre) or at the constituency.
modi coming here to campaign has more or less consolidated brahmin votes, says hridaynath jha, a madhubani resident.
the bjp is thus resting its hopes on the upper castes and obc vaishya-dominated segments of madhubani, benipatti and harlakhi.
vaishya and brahmins make up 15 and 35 per cent of the population in the constituency respectively.
while the jd(u) fielded ghulam gous hoping to split the 15 per cent muslim vote in the seat, there are clear signs of the community consolidating behind the rjd.
the three segments of bisfi, keoti and jale, which have a substantial muslim population, give an edge to rjd candidate abdul bari siddiqui.
incidentally, siddiqui had lost to hukumdev yadav by just over 9,000 votes last time.
despite the favourable caste combination, anti-incumbency against hukumdev yadav is a worry for the bjp.
every weak bjp candidate wants to hide behind modi.
the rjds siddiqui has the image of a liberal muslim and has a strong reach among brahmins as well.
even upper caste bhumihars had voted in big numbers for him in the last election, concedes a bjp leader.
mohan jha, a senior journalist in madhubani, believes the odds are heavily against hukumdev yadav.
while he concedes that siddiquis fate rests on how many votes the jd(u)s gous gets among muslims and the non-yadav obcs, ebcs and dalits, he adds: there is no clear winner here but i would still give a slight edge to siddiqui because of his immense popularity and strong m-y consolidation.
if hukumnarayan yadav wins, one would have to believe that modi factor worked.
the issue was brought to her notice by a twitter user, atul bhobe, who posted a screenshot of the products.
the issue was brought to her notice by a twitter user, atul bhobe, who posted a screenshot of the products.
taking strong objection to amazon canada selling doormats depicting the indian flag, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday asked the online retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology.
she warned that if amazon did not apologise, none of its officials would be granted indian visas, and the visas issued earlier would also be rescinded.
read | amazon removes indian flag doormat link after visa threatamazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, she tweeted.
indian high commission in canada: this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level, tweeted the minister, who is recuperating after her kidney transplant surgery.
the issue was brought to her notice by a twitter user, atul bhobe, who posted a screenshot of the products.
@sushmaswaraj madam.
amazon canada must be censured and warned not to sell india flag doormats.
please take action, bhobe tweeted.
indian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level.
http://t.
co/l4yi3glk3h  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017while amazon is yet to issue an official response, it responded to those who raised the issue on twitter.
these products were never sold on amazon.
in.
we have escalated this to our concerned teams and are working on the issue, @amazonhelp tweeted.
amazons canada portal also has doormats depicting the canadian, american and british flags.
its portals in the us, uk, france and germany also have doormats depicting the american and british flags.
in august last year, amazon came under attack for selling doormats with images of hindu gods and goddesses.
the doormats were later removed.
amazons ceo jeff bezos, who has met prime minister narendra modi at least twice in the last two-and-a-half years  in october 2014 and june 2016, had announced $ 3 billion investment in india during his 2016 visit.
advertisingaddressing a vijay sankalp dialogue here, swaraj referred to the honour india received at the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) meet after modi took charge.
she said pakistans chair was vacant as the country had boycotted the oic meet, citing indias presence at the convention.
but due to the diplomatic acumen of the prime minister, azhar was declared a global terrorist on may 1.
referring to the plans and achievements of the central government, the minister said many remarkable works were done in the last five years.
she said modi gave equal status to muslim women by bringing a law against triple talaq.
olga efimenkova with her mother-in-law as tweeted by the cmo.
olga efimenkova with her mother-in-law as tweeted by the cmo.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sunday sought help from chief minister akhilesh yadav in a case involving a russian woman, who alleged abuse by her in-laws in agra.
the woman posted a video on twitter in which she mentioned that she was protesting outside the house of her mother-in-law, who is an indian.
after seeing the message, swaraj tweeted requesting akhilesh to help the woman.
following this, the up chief minister replied: the lady has been united with the family after counselling the in-laws ms olga will get her portion of the house to live.
later, thanking akhilesh, swaraj tweeted: thank you akhilesh ji for resolving this.
such incidents affect countrys image.
watch video: russian daughter-in-law from agra thanks sushmaswaraj swaraj for taking prompt actionearlier in the day, the agra police had lodged an fir against the in-laws of olga efimenkova, a day after she began a hunger strike seeking action against them over alleged dowry demands and torture.
the police response had come hours after swaraj tweeted a picture of efimenkova with a message asking akhilesh to help this lady.
when his business suffered losses, the family of three moved to his hometown last month, setting off a dispute reportedly over property.
in her complaint to the police, efimenkova alleged that her mother-in-law nirmala chandel tortures her mentally for not bringing dowry and has refused to let them into the house.
my mother-in-law mentally tortures me for being a foreigner and pressures me for dowry.
she has kicked me out of the home along with my daughter and my husband, said efimenkova, who speaks fluent hindi.
her husband told police that his mother has given his share of property to his elder sister saumya pal, who lives in new delhi.
read | russian woman sits on hunger strike for torture over dowrynew agra police station inspector a k singh said its a family dispute over property.
police have registered an fir against nirmala chandel, her brother rajendra milind, daughter saumya pal and another relative under sections 498-a (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) and 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) of the ipc.
nirmala, however, accused efimenkova of gambling and consuming drugs and of taking away whatever money she saves.
police said nirmala chandel does not claim to be owner of the house, which belongs to her daughter.
efimenkova  a postgraduate in chinese philosophy from russian state university in moscow  had demanded share in her husbands property claiming she has nowhere to go.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj emplaned for baku in azerbaijan today.
(source: ani) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj emplaned for baku in azerbaijan today.
(source: ani)minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday emplaned for azerbaijans capital city baku to attend the mid-term ministerial meeting of the non-aligned movement from april 4-6.
swaraj, who is on a three-day visit to azerbaijan starting today, will be attending a meeting of the non-aligned movement (nam) and hold discussions with top leadership of the country.
during her visit, swaraj will hold extensive discussions with azerbaijans foreign minister elmar mammadyarov and also call on president ilham aliyev and first vice-president mehriban aliyeva, the ministry of external affairs (mea) said.
besides, she will also represent india at the mid-term ministerial meeting of the nam, which will take place on april 5 and 6 in baku.
india, which is a founding member of nam, remains committed to the purposes and principles of the movement, said the mea statement.
the external affairs ministers participation in the nam ministerial meeting will underline indias continued active and constructive engagement within the movement with a view to further strengthen solidarity and cooperation among its member states, the statement further added.
in an effort to boost bilateral relations between india and azerbaijan, a range of issues are expected to be discussed during swarajs talks with leadership of that country.
it should be noted that india and azerbaijan bilateral ties have grown in several areas, including energy, transportation, and capacity building.
indias ongc-videsh is an investor in acg oil fields and baku-tbilisi-ceyhan pipeline.
the two sides will discuss bilateral, regional and global issues of mutual interest, the ministry said in a statement.
what is the non-aligned movement (nam)?
the nam was established and founded at the height of the cold war and during the collapse of the colonial system spurred by the independence struggles of people belonging to asia, africa, latin america and various other regions of the world.
during its initial days, the movements actions were instrumental in the entire decolonisation process.
this eventually led to the attainment of freedom and independence by several countries.
it can be said that the nam played a critical role in the preservation of world peace.
ever since its establishment, countries belonging to the nam have waged an endless battle to make sure that peoples being oppressed by foreign occupation can exercise their inalienable right to self-determination and pursue independence.
the first ever summit of the movement of non-aligned countries was convened by the leaders of india, indonesia, egypt, syria and yugoslavia.
the movement played a fundamental role in extending support to nations which were struggling for their independence and provided solidarity in their times of need.
the bandung asian-african conference held from april 18-24, 1955 was the most immediate development after the creation of the nam.
the conference was able to gather at least 29 heads of states from asia and africa with the sole aim of identifying and addressing global issues.
subsequently in 1960, due to the results obtained in bandung, the creation of nam got a boost during the united nations general assemblys (unga) fifteenth ordinary session.
it was here that the 17 new african and asian countries were admitted.
for this admission, a major role was played by leaders of various governments including jawaharlal nehru, egypts gamal abdel nasser, ghanas kwame nkrumah, indonesias ahmed sukarno and finally yugoslavias josip broz tito.
these leaders later went on to become the founding fathers of the nam.
one of the main lessons from doklam is that more confidence building measures on the border are not going to guarantee stability.
one of the main lessons from doklam is that more confidence building measures on the border are not going to guarantee stability.
that sino-indian relations are in a state of disrepair at the end of 2017 is not news.
if 2016 was marked by chinas decision to block indias entry into the nuclear suppliers group, 2017 was defined by an extended military confrontation in the doklam plateau.
whats new, though, is the fact that beijing and delhi are finally acknowledging the deeply problematic nature of the relationship.
this public admission of trouble is a welcome departure from the entrenched habit of sweeping differences under the carpet and masking problems with grandiose rhetoric on building a new asian century and promoting multipolar world.
after last weeks talks in delhi between the two foreign ministers  sushmaswaraj swaraj and wang yi  the two sides noted that the developments in doklam severely tested bilateral relations in 2017.
they also patted themselves on the back for the peaceful resolution of the crisis that compelled delhi and beijing to stare down an abyss.
for doklam could have easily turned into a disastrous war.
swaraj and wang were also truthful about a critical issue in bilateral relations  the absence of mutual trust.
in the two decades that followed prime minister rajiv gandhis visit to china at the end of 1988, there was a slow but certain improvement in bilateral relations.
but since 2008, there has been a steady accumulation of problems  tensions on the boundary, imbalance in trade, strategic competition in the region and the divergence on international issues.
these problems, in turn, deepened distrust.
how to restore mutual trust is the big question for the talks this week between the special representatives  national security adviser ajit doval and state councillor yang jiechi.
the original directive for the special representatives (srs) was to find a solution to the long-standing boundary dispute.
but the negotiations on the boundary dispute were stalled many years ago, and the srs focused on maintaining peace and tranquillity on the border.
the srs set up multiple mechanisms to maintain peace and tranquillity, but stabilising the border has become hard as the frequency and intensity of the incidents has grown.
the idea that the two sides must turn to a new page has been articulated frequently, in recent times by the chinese ambassador to india, luo zhaohui.
one of his proposals is to sign a treaty of good neighbourliness and friendly cooperation.
india and china have had a tradition of hoary declarations that created an illusion of mutual understanding but deepened mutual distrust.
the declaratory approach was of no help in addressing the real disputes over territorial sovereignty.
consider, for example, the idea five principles of peaceful coexistence that delhi and beijing claim to be their unique contribution to modern international relations.
for all its rhetorical flourish, the panchsheel agreement signed in 1954 was of no help in resolving the difficulties over tibet and the boundary that emerged in the late 1950s.
what we need now is not another declaration but steps that address the core problems in the relationship that generate the mistrust.
two areas of action present themselves to doval and yang.
first is the urgent need to distil lessons from the doklam crisis and prevent the recurrence of another such incident.
reports on chinese military build-up in the doklam region and indias new commitment for vigorous responses suggest that the two sides may not be as lucky the next time.
one of the main lessons from doklam is that more confidence building measures on the border are not going to guarantee stability.
for, the context in which the cbms were put since the 1990s has fundamentally changed.
as beijings comprehensive national power has grown, it has become more assertive on territorial disputes and its appetite for risk taking has increased.
india, which took peace on the border for granted until recently, is ready to throw everything it has to prevent any further weakening of its position.
that was the real story about doklam.
without a renewed effort to resolve the boundary dispute, the sino-indian frontier is unlikely to remain tranquil.
the second area of focus is on president xi jinpings belt and road initiative.
if the chinese leadership has invested much personal and political capital on the bri, indias concerns have been so deep that delhi took the unusual step of publicly criticising the bri and staying away from it.
china insists that the bri is a win-win for both; delhi fears it might just mean two wins for beijing.
delhi, however, has also said it is open to a dialogue with beijing on the bri.
china is yet to respond.
unconditional bilateral discussions on the bri make good sense.
after all, both delhi and beijing say they are eager to promote connectivity in their shared neighbourhood.
talks between them could help address delhis apprehensions  for example, on the implications of the china-pakistan economic corridor for indias territorial sovereignty over jammu and kashmir.
with political will, it should not be too difficult to disentangle the disputes over sovereignty among india, pakistan and china in pursuit of trans-border connectivity in jammu and kashmir.
as the stronger power today, china might think it can afford to be unilateral  on the frontier as well regional economic initiatives.
without a return to genuine bilateralism that takes into account the interests of both parties, beijing will find the chasm with delhi continues to deepen.
we recommend that you go through these five stories from the indian express before starting your day1) behind punjab eye camp blinding: one doctor, 49 surgeries, double the days limitwith officials saying on friday that at least 33 people had lost their eyesight after undergoing cataract surgeries organised by a charitable organisation at a hospital near gurdaspur, preliminary official inquiries have pinned the blame on gross negligence by the doctor, the ngo and the medical facility.
2) to maldives, with tonnes of water  from indiaat about 9.
30pm on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was back at her residence after a day in parliament when she received an urgent call from dunya maumoon, her counterpart in maldives.
maumoon had an unusual request  drinking water for her island nations capital.
3) we dont intend to go witch-huntingmanohar lal khattar has been media shy since he took over as chief minister of haryana.
in his first interview since taking charge, he speaks to vipin pubby about his governments vision, priorities and policies.
4) justice krishna iyer: rebel with a causejustice krishna iyer (or krishna, as i was privileged to call him) was chronologically old but he remained an angry young person  angry at the injustice in the world, but intoxicated by local thoughts of justice.
5) tears and cheers at netstwo days after the phillip hughes funeral, and 20 minutes into his first batting session since seeing his long-time sparring partner being felled by a bouncer, david warner broke down near the nets at the park 25 cricket ground in adelaide.
b'nepal prime minister khadga prasad oli and prime minister narendra modi.
(file) nepal prime minister khadga prasad oli and prime minister narendra modi.
(file)nepal prime minister khadga prasad oli will make his maiden three-day visit to india on friday, after assuming office in february this year.
oli, accompanied by his wife radhika shakya, is expected to arrive in new delhi this morning and later hold a meeting with president ram nath kovind, vice-president venkaiah naidu and his indian counterpart narendra modi.
olis visit is in line with the tradition of a nepalese premier visiting india on his first overseas trip.
his agenda for the first day also includes a business luncheon event and interactive session with the nepalese community in delhi.
the nepal pms visit aims at strengthening ties between the two countries, particularly after an acrimonious two years where oli had accused india of masterminding the 135-day blockade of nepal.
a high-level conclave with the top indian leaders will take place on saturday.
he will also meet president kovind and vice-president naidu at the rashtrapati bhavan, where the visiting leaders will be accorded a ceremonial reception on saturday.
also read | soft hands and hard bargaining: what to watch in modi-oli meetingthe meeting will be followed by remote inauguration of development projects and press statements, according to the ministry of external affairs (mea).
on the second day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh will also call on oli separately.
india and nepal enjoy age-old, special ties of friendship and cooperation.
the upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review wide-ranging cooperative partnership, and to progress it further for the benefit of the two peoples, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
also read | if china builds your dams, india wont buy energy: pm narendra modi to tell kp oliexternal affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the victory of the left alliance in the parliamentary and provincial elections.
besides his visit to new delhi, oli on the third day will also visit the g.b. pant university of agriculture and technology in pantnagar, uttarakhand.
also read | nepal pm olis visit to delhi signals a new equilibriumhe will visit the breeder seed production centre and an integrated farming project there.
oli will also be conferred with a honorary degree of doctor of science at the university.
he would leave for kathmandu later in the evening.
b'sharif thinks the indian pm should take care of the indian media and looks committed to taking action against those who tried to derail the peace process by using pakistani soil to destabilise the neighbouring country.
(source: illustration by cr sasikumar) sharif thinks the indian pm should take care of the indian media and looks committed to taking action against those who tried to derail the peace process by using pakistani soil to destabilise the neighbouring country.
(source: illustration by cr sasikumar)the attack on the indian air force base in pathankot is becoming a big test case for both the prime ministers of india and pakistan.
indian pm narendra modi took a big initiative on december 25, 2015 by meeting his pakistani counterpart in lahore.
they agreed to restart the peace process with some new initiatives.
they also discussed possible threats to the peace process.
they assured each other that the process would not be derailed in case of any attack in india or pakistan and that they would not blame each other without evidence.
their apprehensions came true.
within a few days of the lahore meeting, there was the pathankot attack and a real test for the two pms started.
india blamed some pakistanis for the attack, but never blamed the pakistani government.
pakistan not only condemned the attack but also termed it a conspiracy against the peace process.
no rash statements, unlike in the past.
on the evening of january 5, modi clearly told nawaz sharif over a phone call that he wanted action against the attacks mastermind within the next few hours.
nawaz explained that he was not in pakistan but in sri lanka  and that he could take concrete steps only after returning to islamabad.
he praised the maturity shown by the indian government in not blaming the pakistani government without evidence.
the next day, pakistans army chief, general raheel sharif, chaired a corps commanders conference in rawalpindi and reiterated zero tolerance for terrorist organisations.
nawaz reached islamabad on the evening of january 6 and, the following day, asked all concerned authorities to verify the information provided by the indian side and take action.
credible sources in lahore claimed that the punjab (pakistani) police and some security agencies had begun raids in the southern parts of the province in the light of the information provided by india.
the focus of the raids was the leadership of the banned jaish-e-muhammad (jem).
a big announcement may come in the next few days, but only after the verification of the information provided by india.
there are lots of questions being discussed in the indian media about the pathankot attack.
the indian media is criticising pakistan every hour, but the indian pm had warned his pakistani counterpart in lahore not to make policies according to tv headlines.
nawaz is not concerned about allegations of a double game levelled against his government by certain indian tv channels.
he thinks the indian pm should take care of the indian media and looks committed to taking action against those who tried to derail the peace process by using pakistani soil to destabilise the neighbouring country.
nawaz fully understands that it will be very difficult for the indian government to begin the foreign secretary-level talks in mid-january, if there is no action against the mastermind of the pathankot attack.
he was warned by certain sympathisers not to blindly act against those blamed by india.
the pakistani pm made it clear that his government will not take any action without verifying the information.
but if verified, the culprits will not be treated as enemies of india but as enemies of pakistan.
sources close to the pm are expecting a breakthrough on pathankot within the next few days.
this breakthrough may change the political climate in both countries.
this climate change moment began in paris last year and modis lahore visit added some new colours to it.
but the pathankot attack, indeed, embarrassed both pms. some critics in pakistan think nawaz cannot satisfy india at any cost.
if his government arrests someone, india will demand a trial immediately.
it will be difficult for pakistan to prove the allegations in a court of law in a short span of time due to the weaknesses in pakistans legal system.
it was even suggested to nawaz that the culprits be tried in the recently established military courts.
the pm instructed the concerned authorities to examine all the laws by which the culprits could be prosecuted as soon as possible.
the national security advisors of india and pakistan have been in touch for the last several weeks.
they are exchanging valuable information, without sharing the same with the media.
one must give credit to both of them for establishing a high level of confidence between new delhi and islamabad.
their four-hour-long meeting in bangkok was the beginning of a new kind of diplomacy between the two countries.
surprisingly, they never took the old positions, deciding to move forward in new directions and with new ideas.
that was why modi praised pakistani nsa nasir khan janjua when he met nawaz in lahore.
nawaz, too, had praised indian nsa ajit doval when he met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in islamabad.
nawaz sharif and narendra modi do not need any sajjan jindal to arrange their meetings and telephone conversations.
they are successfully operating through their nsas.
the realistic approach of the two nsas created the space for both pms to take some new steps and adopt new positions.
nawaz is treating the pathankot attack as a direct challenge for him.
he is aware of the domestic consequences, but he is also confident that all pakistani opposition parties will stand by him if the evidence against the alleged culprits is strong.
pathankot is a tragedy for india.
but this can be an opportunity for pakistan to win the hearts and minds of the indian public by taking some concrete steps in the right direction.
after establishing credibility in india, nawaz can ask modi to help him by addressing the issue of kashmir.
if they pass a difficult test like pathankot, they can certainly go through some more difficult tests, such as kashmir.
pathankot is the beginning.
kashmir may be the end.
the body of an indian fisherman, who died in a pakistan jail last month, was flown to mumbai this afternoon from karachi, gujarat fisheries department officials said.
jeeva bhagwan bamaniya, a native of khan village in gujarats gir somnath district, had died in a karachi jail on january 4, a day before 218 indian fishermen, mostly from the state, were released by pakistan as a goodwill gesture.
watch what else is making news:bamaniyas body was brought to mumbai from karachi this afternoon.
after completing the necessary formalities at the chhatrapati shivaji international airport in mumbai, we received the body.
it will be handed over to his family in khan village tomorrow, kaushik dave, an official of gujarat fisheries department said.
the deceased was among the group of indian fishermen, who were lodged in the pakistani jail.
jeeva was also supposed to be released along with them on january 5.
earlier jeevas wife vegiben had urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to find out the exact cause of his death.
rajya sabha member parimal nathwani had also written to swaraj to take up with her pakistani counterpart the issue of expediting the process to bring jeevas body back to his native place.
external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian high commission in jamaica about an indian youth shot dead there.
indian high commission in jamaica  please send me a detailed report of this unfortunate incident.
also, pl ensure best possible treatment to the injured indian nationals and coordinate with the affected families, swaraj tweeted when her attention was drawn to a news report that a vasai youth was shot dead by four unidentified men in his kingston home in jamaica in a case of suspected armed robbery.
according to the report, two of his indian roommates suffered bullet injuries in their legs.
talreja family  i am sorry to know about this tragedy.
my heartfelt condolences.
indian high commission in jamaica will follow up this case with the police and help you in all possible manner, she further tweeted.
b'sushma swaraj, who is leading a 12-member delegation that attended the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa on sunday, met gentiloni and reviewed the status of bilateral ties.
sushma swaraj, who is leading a 12-member delegation that attended the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa on sunday, met gentiloni and reviewed the status of bilateral ties.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on met her italian counterpart paolo gentiloni, the first high-level contact between the two countries after the un tribunals verdict that allowed the return of italian marines charged with murdering two indian fishermen off kerala coast.
swaraj, who is leading a 12-member delegation that attended the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa on sunday, met gentiloni and reviewed the status of bilateral ties.
infusing new energy in #indiaitaly relations.
eam @sushmaswaraj meets italian fm @paologentiloni, holds talks, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
the relationship between india and italy soured after india detained italian marines  salvatore girone and massimiliano latorre  on charges of murdering two indian fishermen off kerala coast in 2012.
unsatisfied with indian judicial process, italy moved the un tribunal, which in may this year allowed girone to return pending the trial.
latorre is already in italy on health grounds.
b'sukhwinder kaur, mother of manjinder singh, breaks down in bhoewal, amritsar, after he was declared dead.
(photo: rana simranjit singh) sukhwinder kaur, mother of manjinder singh, breaks down in bhoewal, amritsar, after he was declared dead.
(photo: rana simranjit singh)written by santanu chowdhury, anju agnihotri chaba, divya goyal, raakhi jagga, santosh singh, kamaldeep singh brar, ashwani sharmapunjabnews confirmed by district authoritiespritpal sharma, 51, of dhuri town in sangrur, is survived by his wife raj rani, son neeraj and daughter diksha.
all these years, minister sushmaswaraj swaraj kept telling us that all the missing persons were alive and our hopes never died.
and today, we got this shocking news, raj rani said.
pritpal, an electrician, went to iraq in 2011.
his son neeraj, 29, works as a security guard, earning rs 10,000, while his family  like the families of others of punjab abducted in iraq  has been getting rs 20,000 a month from the state government.
diksha is a college student.
read | indians killed in iraq: for 4 years, swinging between hope, despairthe last time i spoke to my father was in june 2014, on skype, neeraj told the indian express.
it was only when amreshwar singh, sdm dhuri, visited us this afternoon, that we realised the news was correct.
the sdm said, we did not want to give the family a shock, so i went myself and informed them that the union government has confirmed that pritpal singh is no more raakhi jagga***family members of kulwinder singh, one of the victims, in jalandhar.
(express photo) family members of kulwinder singh, one of the victims, in jalandhar.
(express photo)tomorrow they cant show us some bones and say these are my sonsmanjinder singh, 28, of bhoewal village in amritsar, is survived by his parents hardeep singh and sukhwinder kaur.
his sister gurpinder kaur, who is married, said: for four years, the union minister was meeting us as if we were part of a family.
today, the minister ended the story by issuing a statement on television.
why were we informed in such an insensitive manner?
what stopped them from calling all of us and then telling us in person?
manjinder, who had cleared ielts, was allegedly duped by an agent who had promised a job in dubai.
sent to iraq instead, he worked as a labourer.
he had paid the agent rs 3 lakh after mortgaging his home.
we have just half an acre of land and are in debt.
after manjinder, there is no other breadwinner.
my mother is a cancer patient, gurpinder said.
read | indians killed in iraq: families anguish, say were kept in dark for so longmalkit singh, 34, of telianwal village in batala city, gurdaspur, is survived by his wife and parents sukhdev singh and nirmal kaur.
they are saying our son has died.
is it even possible to locate a body after four years of death?
we are not performing any last rites as there is no reason to believe the government now.
the minister has not given us any proof, said nirmal kaur.
the fact is no one in the central government ever took the case of punjabs men seriously.
malkits parents are struggling to repay a rs 2 lakh loan they had taken to send him abroad.
the familys only source of income is the financial assistance of rs 20,000 the state government is giving the families.
malkit did a course in air-conditioner repair, got married, and went to iraq five months later.
dharminder kumar, 30, of talwandi jhurian village in gurdaspur is survived by his parents raj kumar, 60, and kanwaljit; sister dimple and brother sunil.
he was not married.
the family demanded evidence that he is dead.
we want his mobile, clothes, dna report or any other credible evidence.
we dont believe the government anymore.
tomorrow they cannot show us some bones and say that these are the mortal remains of my son, kanwaljit said.
dharminder was working as a plumber before going to to iraq.
his sister dimple supports her parents by tailoring clothes.
gurcharan singhs two children and other relatives mourn in jalal ussma village of gurdaspur district.
(ap) gurcharan singhs two children and other relatives mourn in jalal ussma village of gurdaspur district.
(ap)gurcharan singh, 36, of jalal ussma, gurdaspur, is survived by his wife harjeet kaur; son amanjot, 8, and daughter navdeep, 11; and parents sardara singh, 72, and joginder kaur.
why were we kept in dark for four years?
where is the body?
i want to see the body of my husband.
until then, there will be no last rites in our home, said harjeet kaur.
sardara said: whenever we visited delhi, the minister would assure us that our sons were all right.
i went there 12 times.
gurcharan paid an agent rs 8 lakh for going to iraq.
his father, a cancer patient, said he cannot afford the treatment that costs rs 40,000 a month.
kanwaljit singh, 30, of rupoowali village, gurdaspur, is survived by his wife and 4-year-old daughter  they now live in the wifes ancestral home  and his parents harbhajan singh, 70, and mohinder kaur.
his two sisters are married; a brother died earlier.
my daughter-in-law moved to her parents home a year after he went missing.
now her parents want a divorce but while he was missing, the divorce formalities could not be completed, said harbhajan singh.
his wife said: whenever we met minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, she would not give the slightest hint that they are not all right.
today, suddenly a brick has been thrown at uskawaljit, formerly a crane operator in iraq, never saw his daughter, born two months after he left abroad.
others of punjabdevinder singhsukhwinder singhbalvir chandrakesh kumarwritten by divya goyal***mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)govt should have told us truth four years ago, spared us this torturekamaljit singh, 32, of chhauni kalan in hoshiarpur, is survived by his wife harvinder, 32, now staying with her parents along with son manpreet, 7, and daughter simarjeet, 5; his parents bhajan lal and santosh kumari; and two brothers.
i lost both my son and his family.
we had taken a loan to send him to iraq.
we have no income and have to repay the loan and pay interest; at this age, my husband has to do menial labour, santosh kumari said.
surjit menaka, 39, of chuharwali in jalandhar, is survived by his wife usha rani, 33; twin sons, 7; mother harbhajan kaur, 62; and two brothers working in the middle east; their sister is married.
why did the government keep giving us false hopes all these years?
i have to work at this age and go from door to door to sell milk, harbhajan kaur said.
we dont hope even to get the mortal remains of my husband, said usha who rears cattle and stitches clothes, earning rs 1,500-2,000 a month.
they had borrowed over rs 1 lakh to send surjit to iraq to work as a carpenter; the government gives them rs 20,000 a month.
read | always said they were killed, says lone survivor harjit masihkulwinder singh, 30.
of khan-ke-fatehgarh in jalandhar, is survived by mother shimbo, 55, wife amandeep kaur, 32, and twins.
why did the government keep us in the dark for four long years?
said his mother.
i see nothing ahead, said his wife, who works as a domestic help and earns around rs 1,000-rs 1,500 per month.
singhs mother too works as a domestic help and in a football factory, earning rs 20-22 for every football she stitches.
balwant rai, 57 of dhadda in jalandhar, is survived by his wife gian kaur, adult sons pawan (a dropout) and rakesh (working at a photographers studio), and mother simro.
gian kaur works in a football factory and earns around rs 700-800 per month.
if my husband were alive, both my sons would have completed their education and got respectable jobs.
todays news has shattered all my hopes.
i have lost all faith in the government, gian kaur said.
roop lal, 42, of bath kalan in jalandhar, is survived by his wife kamaljit kaur and two teen sons.
living in a rented house, his wife works as a domestic help.
my parents are so poor that i can not even ask them for any help.
my in-laws threw me out but villagers supported me, said kamaljit.
the government kept us in the dark.
they should tell us what they did to save my husband in the last four years.
sandeep kumar, 34, of aliwala, jalandhar, is survived by his parents tarsem and sumitra, and a brother and two sisters; two other sisters are married.
sumitra recently had an eye surgery in a free camp; tarsem can barely stand on his feet.
i wanted to study further after 10+2 and my brother had promised to support me.
the hopes of four years are shattered, his brother said.
nand lal, 47, of talwan in jalandhar, is sandeep kumars maternal uncle.
his sister sumitra said: my brother nand lal had gone to iraq first.
he called sandeep there.
now, both have been declared dead.
parminder kumar, 36, of jagatpur in nawanshahr, is survived by parents jeet ram and krishna; a younger brother; wife anju and a son, 6.
krishna said repeated crying damaged her eyes; she was recently operated for cataract.
jeet ram said he met union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 15 times and she kept him telling him parminder was fine.
my son went abroad in 2011 and never saw his son, jeet ram said.
jasbir singh mehandpur, 27, of mehandpur in nawanshahr, is survived by his bedridden father bakshish ram, mother surjit kaur and three brothers his two two sisters are married.
all brothers do menial labour.
the government should have told us the truth four years ago and spared us the torture of this uncertainty, bakshish ram said.
gurdeep singh, 41, of jaitpur, hoshiarpur, is survived by his parents mukhtiar singh and surinder kaur; wife anita rani; daughter ankita, 8, and son arshdeep, 5.
his mother fainted at the news of the death and was briefly admitted to a hospital.
anita rani said the government should have told us the truth much earlier.
gobinder singh, 45, of murar in kapurthala, is survived by father baljinder singh; wife amarjit kaur; son amandeep singh, 20, and daughter karandeep kaur, 17.
amandeep, who once wanted to do b tech, is now working for daily wages in a distillery.
amarjit kaur said: the family had resigned itself to the fact that gobinder was no more.
that said and done, the government kept us in the dark all these years and we suffered because of this uncertainty.
anju agnihotri chaba***they will bring corpses, say they did a great jobjatinder singh, 25, of sialka in amritsar, is survived by his parents ranjit kaur and balkar singh.
they have very small landholdings.
there is a younger brother, baljinder singh, working in dubai; his parents got him married after jatinder went missing.
we are not sure if we should believe this news or not.
all these years the government was claiming my son was alive.
today it announced he is dead.
which statement should i believe?
tomorrow, they will bring somebodys mortal remains and tell me he is my son, and they expect me to believe it?
said ranjit kaur.
harsimranjit singh, 28, of babowal in amritsar, is survived by his parents harbhajan kaur and tarsem singh.
they used to run a small shop in one room of their two-room house.
the government once said they had searched every corner of mosul and found nothing.
now suddenly they have found a mound, used radars to discover bodies and excavated them and identified them as our sons.
now they shall bring corpses and present them to us saying they have done a great job.
it is an insult, and a joke that the government played with us, said harbhajan kaur.
sonu masih, 33, of chawinda devi in amritsar, is survived by wife seema devi and sons karun and arjun, 10 and 12.
seema was suffering from tb but had to work as a labour hand after sonu went missing.
the minister told me my husband will come back; now they say he is dead.
they told us the government even spoke to the hostages how did they suddenly get proof of their death?
seema devi said.
ranjit singh, 30, of manawala, amritsar, is survived by his mother balwinder kaur.
his sister jasvir kaur and her husband tarsem singh have been living with balwinder kaur since ranjit went missing.
we want the government to produce the body of my brother.
otherwise we will not accept that he is dead, jasvir kaur said.
harish, 30, of amritsar is the brother-in-law of malkit singh of gurdaspur, who too is among those declared dead.
they had gone to iraq together.
harishs parents are now living in amritsar, with his brother manish.
the government was lying to us from day one.
they had to reveal it now; they couldnt have done so just before the parliament elections, manish said.
nishan singh, 30 of sangoana, amritsar, is survived by his parents gurmej singh and sawinder kaur, and brother sarwan singh.
his wife kulwinder kaur is staying with her parents.
married in 2011, they have no children.
nishans parents and wife split the monthly assistance of rs 20,000 from the state government.
we are yet to pay the loan we took to send nishan to iraq, said sarwan singh.
kamaldeep singh brar***himachal pradeshknocked every door, our destiny hear this nowinderjeet, 29, of kadreti village in kangra, is survived by his parents pardesi ram and sulochana devi.
i knocked on every door, from meeting union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to meeting former cm shanta kumar,who also wrote to swaraj, but nothing came out of these efforts.
it was our destiny to hear this after four years, said vijay, inderjeets brother.
the family had borrowed rs 1.
30 lakh to send inderjeet, formerly a daily wager, to iraq, where he worked as machine operator.
his father and brother work as farmhands.
sandeep kumar, 41, of dhameta village in kangra, is survived by his wife chandresh kumari; daughter pulkit, 11, and son rudhransh, 8; and his parents.
they live below the poverty line.
anita, one of sandeeps three sisters, said: we lived from one minute to the next in wait for the call that he is alive.
today, the truth has come out.
no one can be blamed, except destiny.
earning from farm labour and hoping to send his children to a good school, sandeep went to iraq to work as a machine operator.
his wife has been looking for a daily wage job at the local bdo or sdm office, and met previous chief minister virbhadra singh and current cm jai ram thakur with a job request or a monthly grant like the punjab government gives families of the missing.
aman kumar, 34, of passu village in kangra, is survived by his parents veena devi and ramesh chand, and an elder brother.
the centre did not tell us the truth all these years.
the minister kept saying all 39 indians are alive but now the truth has come out, said ramesh chand, a retired serviceman.
aman had gone to work in a construction firm, against his familys wishes.
i gave him rs 70,000 though i had reservations.
today, i have suffered, ramesh chand said.
aman sent home rs 40,000 in april 2014, and last called on june 15, 2014, telling his family that he had been abducted.
hemraj, 32, of bayal village in mandi district, is survived by his wife nirmala devi, 30; children dhruv, 9,and ananya, 4 (born days after he had left); ailing parents; and grandmother.
he went abroad in the hope of prosperity but now the last ray of hope has gone, his uncle sher singh said.
a needy family that owns a little land, they have been borrowing from relatives and villagers.
hemraj did a driving job in iraq.
his schoolboy son has no memory of him.
a few months ago, when blood samples were collected for dna profiling, hemrajs wife was quoted as saying, i will wait for him until my last breath to know if he is alive or dead.
ashwani sharma***west bengali was waiting for him, now this on tvkhokan sikdar, 46, of ilsamari madhyapara village in nadia, is survived by his wife namita, a teenage daughter, a nine-year-old son, and mother.
samar tikadar, 42, of mahokhula village in nadia, is survived by his wife dipali and two children.
i got the news through television a few hours ago.
i dont know what to say now.
i had been waiting for him to come back to us, namita told the indian express.
khokans brother-in-law subhas biswas said they would urge the central government to bring back the body.
this is shocking news to us.
he has four sisters and all of them are devastated.
he was the only earning member of the family.
what will happen to the family now?
biswas said.
sikdar had left for iraq in 2011.
santanu chowdhury *** biharonly on tv, no word from govt though we heard the news on tv about bidya bhushan tiwari and santosh kumar singh of siwan being among 39 dead, we have not got any official confirmation, said purushottam tiwari, a relative of bidya bhushan tiwari.
b'chinas foreign minister wang yi.
(ap photo) chinas foreign minister wang yi.
(ap photo)amid unease in ties, chinese foreign minister wang yi will arrive india next week to hold talks with his counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on august 13 during which key regional and bilateral issues will be discussed, including the nsg issue.
significantly, wangs visit also comes just days after chinese troops transgressed the border on land and by air in chamoli district of uttarakhand last month.
china also stalled indias nuclear suppliers group (nsg) membership bid at the plenary meeting of the 48-nation grouping in june on the grounds that it was a non-npt signatory.
announcing the visit, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the leaders will discuss various issues of mutual interests including the upcoming multilateral meetings with g-20 summit being held in china and the brics summit being held in india.
in beijing, sources said wang will visit india from august 12-14 at the invitation of swaraj.
when asked whether india will raise the recent incident of transgression in uttarakhand at the meeting, swarup said, all international, regional and bilateral issues of mutual interest will be discussed.
watch video: whats making newshowever, he added that the defence minister has already made a statement and there are mechanisms, including at army-to-army level, to take care of such incidents.
according to sources, the indian side is likely to raise the issue of china scuttling indias nsg membership bid.
visit of foreign minister wang to india is part of the regular high level dialogue between the two countries, swarup said.
apart from india, wang will also visit kenya and uganda during his six-day trip starting from august 9.
attacked nigerian student endurance at kailash hospital on tuesday.
(source: express photo by gajendra yadav) attacked nigerian student endurance at kailash hospital on tuesday.
(source: express photo by gajendra yadav)following a candlelight protest march for a 17-year-old who died saturday, four nigerian students were attacked and severely injured, as locals alleged that the boy died after the nigerians forced him to inhale drugs.
i got off the auto rickshaw and seconds later a mob attacked me.
they beat me up with sticks.
i dont know what they were saying.
i lost consciousness for sometime and vaguely remember how police brought me to the hospital, said imran.
imran is among at least four of the nationals who were attacked allegedly by a mob at pari chowk and the adjoining ansal plaza mall.
union minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj who immediately ordered a probe into the matter and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath have assured of a fair and impartial investigation into the matter.
the incident of beating up nigerian residents and vandalising their cars has led to outrage amongst africans within india and raised the issue of hate crime in the country.
heres a timeline of events that took place:friday, march 247.
30 pm  class xii student manish khari last spotted outside his house in nsg black cat society in greater noida.
8.
30 pm-9.
30 pm  kharis family search for him.
they claim some young residents said that khari was last seen with a group of five nigerians who live two houses away.
11.
00 pm  12.
00 am  kharis family files a complaint at kasna police station alleging that their son has been kidnappedand beaten by their nigerian neighbours.
saturday, march 259.
30 am  kharis father is at kasna police station in greater noida when he receives a phone call which tells him that his son has reached home.
10.
30 am  khari is taken to a private hospital after he shows signs of being unwell.
3.
30 pm  khari passes away while undergoing treatment.
5 pm  kharis family files a police complaint alleging that the nigerian neighbours killed him.
10 pm  11 pm  police register an fir on the basis of the complaint.
five nigerian neighbours detained.
march 2611 am- 1 pm  a section of african nationals studying in delhi ncr hold protests outside kasna police station against the fir and detention.
police do not find any evidence against five nigerians and lets them off.
kharis postmortem report says cause of death is unknown.
his viscera is sent to a forensic lab in agra for examination.
march 2711.
00 am  a section of locals from greater noida protest outside ssp office in surajpur, demanding the arrest of nigerians in the case.
12 pm  1 pm  a delegation of protesters meet ssp and district administration6 pm  candlelight march by locals at pari chowk to demand arrests in the case begins.
all routes to pari chowk barricaded.
7 pm  8.
30 pm  protest turns violent.
african nationals in pari chowk attacked.
a honda city car damaged.
mob enters ansal plaza, beats up two nigerians.
8.
30  9.
00 pm  those attacked are rushed to hospitals.
watch videopolice reports say at around 7 pm a group of four nigerians were attacked by a mob near ansal plaza in pari chowk area.
the ssp of gautam buddha nagar, dharmendra singh said that the police have video coverage of the whole incident based on which five people who attacked nigerian nationals have been arrested.
in the wake of the incident, advisories were issued for african students to stay indoor and heavy security was deployed in the area in order to prevent further cases of violence.
the ministry of external affairs, on tuesday, condemned the attack on the nigerian nationals.
the mea issued a statement on tuesday saying: mj akbar spoke to the acting high commissioner of nigeria, apprised him of steps being taken by local authorities for safety of nigerian nationals, adding that the incident is deplorable.
on tuesday morning, minister of external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after a foreign student tweeted asking her to act fast as living in noida was becoming life threatening issue for africans.
sushma swaraj later tweeted, i have spoken to adityanathji about (the) attack on african students in greater noida.
he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
african nationals meeting ssp dharmendra yadav regarding the suspected racial attack on them by the local in greater noida, gautambudh nagar on tuesday.
(source: pti) african nationals meeting ssp dharmendra yadav regarding the suspected racial attack on them by the local in greater noida, gautambudh nagar on tuesday.
(source: pti)meanwhile, a group of african students demanded protection in india claiming that the beating up of nigerians was an incident of hate crime.
they alleged that the incident was fueled by local youths who do not want africans in their areas anymore.
samuel jack, president of association of african students said that these incidents created an issue of safety concerns for african students who may not want to come to india for further studies anymore.
the police have filed cases against 600 unnamed persons and 44 named residents of the area.
while in order to build trust among resident africans, the senior police officers took out a flag march from kasna police station to various parts of greater noida.
the district magistrate also held a meeting with representatives from africans residing in the area, resident welfare association, bar association.
one of the injured nigerians alleged that he was assaulted for no reason.
one of the injured nigerians alleged that he was assaulted for no reason.
claiming that the greater noida incident was a hate crime, an association of african students on tuesday demanded that they be provided adequate security in the country.
in greater noida, they (locals) say that africans we dont want you to be here anymore.
these are actually hate crimes towards african community.
africans are not secure in this country, association of african students president samuel jack said.
he said africans may not come to india for studies due to safety concerns in the wake of such incidents.
i urge them (africans), wherever they are, to stop making india their destination of study until and unless there is proper security, he added.
jack claimed that the alleged attack on african students last night was mobilised by local youths and police have arrested six of them while two others were absconding.
four nigerian students were allegedly attacked by residents who took out a candle-light march for a 17-year-old boy who had died last week due to suspected drug overdose.
the boys parents had alleged that the foreigners had kidnapped him and given him drugs which led to his death.
one of the injured nigerians alleged that he was assaulted for no reason.
i dont go to club in this country.
i dont drink.
they assaulted me for no reason.
i dont know what to say.
they do not want us to be in this country, he claimed.
the wife of an indian fisherman, who died in a pakistani jail, has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, to find out the cause behind his sudden death.
(source express photo) the wife of an indian fisherman, who died in a pakistani jail, has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, to find out the cause behind his sudden death.
(source express photo)the wife of an indian fisherman, who died in a pakistani jail, has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, to find out the cause behind his sudden death.
jeeva bhagwan bamnaiya, a native of khan village in gujarats gir somnath district, died in a karachi jail on january 4, a day before 218 indian fishermen, mostly from the state, were released by pakistan as a goodwill gesture.
the deceased was among the group of indian fishermen who were lodged in the pakistani jail.
jeeva was also supposed to be released along with them on january 5.
jeevas wife vegiben, in a statement issued here, urged swaraj to find out the exact cause behind jeevas death.
watch what else is in the newsvegiben narrated the incidents as told to her by the other indian fishermen, who were freed, before the death of her husband.
it is necessary to know the exact cause behind the sudden death of my husband, she demanded.
earlier, rajya sabha member parimal nathwani had also written to swaraj to take up with her pakistani counterpart the issue of expediting the process to bring jeevas body back to his native place.
meanwhile, gujarat fishermen associations senior vice president veljibhai masani requested the gujarat government to provide financial aid to vegiben.
tiwari, arguably indias most popular bhojpuri star, with thousands of songs and over 70 films to his credit, was brought on to perform hit songs for potential voters at election rallies across the hindi-speaking belt.
tiwari, arguably indias most popular bhojpuri star, with thousands of songs and over 70 films to his credit, was brought on to perform hit songs for potential voters at election rallies across the hindi-speaking belt.
it was 8.
15 am on the last day of november, 2016, when the phone rang in manoj tiwaris north avenue residence.
it was the party high command calling to inform him that he will now lead the delhi unit of the bharatiya janata party (bjp), more than three years after he officially joined the party as its star campaigner.
tiwari, arguably indias most popular bhojpuri star, with thousands of songs and over 70 films to his credit, was brought on to perform hit songs for potential voters at election rallies across the hindi-speaking belt.
two years before the phone call, tiwari was elected member of parliament from delhis north east lok sabha constituency, over 800 km away from his first lok sabha contest against yogi adityanath in 2009.
at the time, he had fought on a samajwadi party ticket and lost.
i didnt even know where north east delhi was when my name was announced to contest from there, he told the indian express.
he would have preferred to contest from his home constituency of buxar in bihar.
so, me and my friends got into a car one night and drove to north east delhi to look around.
it was not the first time tiwari had heard rumours of his elevation as delhi bjp president.
six months earlier, while he was campaigning for the west bengal elections, a senior bjp functionary had commented, aapko dilli mein adhyaksh banaane ki tayari ho rahi hai.
tiwari recalled feeling ecstatic.
i felt very happy when my photo was printed in newspapers.
after barely three years in the party, i was thrilled at the possibility that i could be made president, he said.
a new strategytiwaris elevation as the face of the delhi bjp is telling.
it is a significant repositioning of the party in the capital, and one which, senior party functionaries claim, may jeopardise the bjps chances in the 2020 delhi assembly elections.
further, this could prolong a two-decade-long failed battle to elect a bjp chief minister in delhi  the last was external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in 1998.
reports over the last few months have also indicated a rift between tiwari and union sports minister vijay goel, also a former delhi bjp president.
tiwari, though, brushes off such tiffs: his work is different, mine is different.
i respect him, he respects me.
at the delhi bjp headquarters, ashoka road.
source: tashi tobgyal at the delhi bjp headquarters, ashoka road.
source: tashi tobgyalwhile the move reflects a demographic change in the city, it has also led to discomfiture over the party elevating outsiders at the cost of bjp leaders who have worked their way up the party cadre.
this has happened before.
prominently, when bjp announced former ips officer kiran bedi as its cm candidate ahead of the delhi elections in february, 2015.
the party faced such a drubbing that only three bjp legislators made it into the delhi legislative assembly, while bedi was packed off to puducherry as governor.
for old-timers in the state organisation, tiwari is no different.
when he was a newly-elected mp, he was often seen asking bjp leaders, what is a samiti?
what is a zila?
he really had no idea then, and i dont think he has a clue even today, a senior bjp leader claimed.
tiwari admitted that after the initial whispers over his elevation to state president, he became more sincere about attending pradesh meetings at the partys pandit pant marg office.
i realised i better attend all meetings to understand what goes on, tiwari said.
different approachamong the most high-profile politicians to join the bjp ahead of this years mcd polls was congress leader and former cabinet minister in sheila dikshits government, arvinder singh lovely.
there is so much more focus on the organisation in the bjp, which was missing in the congress, lovely told the indian express, adding that the congress is top-heavy in its functioning.
you will see a lot more leaders start working for the bjp, he added, hinting at the possibility of more defectors from the congress.
according to lovely, tiwari has a good face and a clean image.
this party provides an open platform for all sorts of people.
i think every community has a right to lead the party.
so far, it has been dominated by punjabis, so why not purvanchalis?
he asked.
the state bjp website lists 21 state presidents before tiwari, some of whom enjoyed multiple terms, and the majority have been punjabis or banias.
tiwaris elevation is seen as a deliberate attempt to woo the purvanchali vote  migrants coming into delhi from bihar and eastern uttar pradesh, who have over the years become a sizeable population.
however, there is a parallel theory offered by senior party leaders who claim that the previous state president satish upadhyay was a civic body councillor, and it was time for him to be replaced by someone with a higher profile.
this was to match up to the likes of congress ajay maken and aaps arvind kejriwal.
however, the decision to choose tiwari, sources told the indian express, was also the working of a purvanchali lobby within the national party ranks.
definitely, in the last 10 years, the number of purvanchali voters has grown, noted centre for the study of developing societies director sanjay kumar.
while previously, every party made various promises as a token to woo these voters, now it has gone beyond appeasement with tickets offered to candidates from the community.
a look at the current make up of the delhi assembly is an indicator: a dozen aap legislators and two of kejriwals initial cabinet colleagues, gopal rai and kapil mishra, are from this region.
when kumar wrote his 2013 book, changing electoral politics in delhi: from caste to class, he pointed out that migrants constituted 40 per cent of the citys population, accounting for 3-3.
5 million migrant voters in delhi, and that 665 people migrate to the city on a daily basis.
his book states that the largest number of people migrating to delhi were from uttar pradesh, followed closely by bihar.
purvanchalis are now prominent in 18 to 25 assembly constituencies and the competition between political parties is largely for their votes, kumar said.
it is this section, kumar said, that the bjp is after.
the party is aggressively going after this group of voters and tiwari is the face.
this is significant given the trends from past elections: while the congress has been successful at tapping into the purvanchali vote, it was the aap that benefitted from this migrant group in the last state assembly elections.
traditionally, punjabis and jats have supported the bjp.
add the purvanchali vote and this could make a significant difference for the party in the next elections, said kumar.
while these disparate groups have been the strength of the party, they are also its weakness when lobbying begins.
the state unit is jostling three different factions, preventing it from working towards a united front, sources said.
it was in april this year that tiwari faced his first challenge as party president.
pictures had appeared of him spending the night in slums and jj clusters to attract votes.
on april 23, more than half the registered voters in delhi lined up outside polling booths to vote in the municipal elections.
three days later, it was announced that the bjp had won 184 of 270 wards in the city.
the party, still giddy from its win in uttar pradesh, rejoiced once again, calling it a stamp of approval for the modi government, and party chief amit shah said it would serve as the foundation for a bjp government in delhi.
shah felicitated the victorious bjp councillors at the civic centre in north delhi, but what was absent from his speech was direct praise for tiwari.
within the party ranks, a debate ensued on whether tiwari was effective in attracting the purvanchali vote.
the partys vote share is an effective indicator.
for instance, the party managed a 36.
08 per cent vote share in the civic polls, up from 32.
2 percent in the 2015 vidhan sabha elections.
the bjps vote share is fixed.
our range is 32-39 per cent in every election, and unless the opposition vote is split, we wont win, a senior bjp leader admitted.
thats exactly what happened in the mcd elections as well.
in every seat we won, the vote was split between the congress and the aap.
once again, vote shares back up this claim.
the aap secured 26 per cent vote share, while congress got 21 per cent.
interestingly, while a close aide of tiwari claimed that an informal survey conducted by him after the mcd elections revealed massive migration of purvanchali votes from aap to the bjp, sources in the bjp said many of the 80-odd seats the party lost during the mcd elections had a significant number of purvanchalis.
this doesnt make sense if tiwari was brought in to attract exactly those votes, claimed a bjp leader.
the next stepwith three years to go for the next big fight for the vidhan sabha, the bjp is once again looking towards what has worked in other states: effective booth-level management.
before the civic polls, tiwari had called booth-level workers the very core of the bjps electoral success.
infighting within the party ranks may, however, impede this process.
on the other hand is the rss in delhi, which has quietly been cementing a strong base for the bjp.
swayamsevaks claim their work made a difference in the civic polls, too.
national security issues dominated the minds of many voters, said rss joint president of delhi unit alok kumar.
so did slogans raised in jnu and the forces that backed them.
the rss membership has increased steadily in the capital, he said, with 1,800 shakhas operating daily in delhi.
tiwari, meanwhile, has a series of plans for the capital: making it garbage-free, getting rid of dark spots, harvesting rainwater, helping women defend themselves, bringing out a favourable policy for street vendors, and a portal for property owners to get mutation certificates.
yet, he admitted there is a problem of time that restricts him from doing what he enjoys most: his performances.
since i am a singer, people like me a lot.
so, i do manage to try and do two or three shows a month, he said.
his personal favourite is the song jiya tu bihar ke lala from gangs of wasseypur.
that has sort of become the anthem of bihar.
when nitish kumar won the elections, that song was played.
as for films, the day after the mcd elections, tiwari flew to mumbai for a hectic two-day shoot for farhan akthars next film, lucknow central.
the shooting was going on during election month so i asked them to reschedule the dates to accommodate me.
i flew out after the polls and flew in just before results, he said.
i am not playing myself.
i am not manoj tiwari, i play a star singer in the film.
president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi with cyprus president nicos anastasiades during his ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
pti photo president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi with cyprus president nicos anastasiades during his ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on friday.
pti photocyprus president nicos anastasiades, who is on a five-day state visit to india, met prime minister narendra modi on friday and discussed various bilateral, regional and international issues.
issuing a joint statement, the two countries signed four pacts, including one for air services after talks between the prime minister and cyprus president.
after meeting president anastasiades, pm modi said,peace, security and development is our priority.
india has always stood with cyprus on crucial issues including its sovereignty.
we held detailed discussions on bilateral as well as regional and international issues of mutual interest.
we agreed on the need for all countries to decisively act against states that generate, support, shelter and sustain violence factories in our regions.
i deeply appreciate cypruss support for indias bid for the un security council.
we agreed there is the urgent need for countries to act against those states that generate support, shelter factories of violence in our regions.
i deeply appreciate cypruss support for indias bid for the un security council, pm modi added.
pti reported that the two nations also agreed on the need of early reforms of the united nations security council.
earlier in the day, president anastasiades also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and discussed areas of bilateral cooperation.
anastasiades visited mahatma gandhis samadhi raj ghat and paid homage to the leader whom he described as a spiritual leader of cyprus and the inspiration for its freedom struggle.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report on the incident.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report on the incident.
a hyderabad-based man was arrested on friday for allegedly assaulting a nigerian student.
mohammed gafoor allegedly beat up his neighbour jamiullah ghazim (26), a final-year bsc student at nizam college, during an argument over parking.
the incident, which took place wednesday night in hyderabads banjara hills area, comes days after the murder of a congolese youth in delhi.
envoys of african nations had expressed concern regarding the delhi incident, following which india assured them of the safety of the african community here.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought an urgent report on the incident from the telangana government.
on reports of a nigerian student injured in hyderabad: eam @sushmaswaraj has urgently sought report from state govt, is monitoring the case, mea spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
i have also asked shri amar sinha secretary er (economic relations) of my ministry to speak to chief secretary telangana and monitor this, tweeted swaraj.
investigation officer s krishnaiah said ghazim, who hails from lagos in nigeria, had parked his car outside gafoors house in the singadabasti locality in banjara hills.
ghazim stays at royal residency apartment, but parked his car outside gafoors house.
on wednesday night, the two started arguing when ghazim parked his car at the same spot.
during the argument, gafoor grabbed a screw driver from an electricians shop nearby and hit ghazim several times on his head.
ghazim has received stitches, but is fine now, krishnaiah said.
after the incident, ghazim lodged a police complaint on the basis of which gafoor was nabbed.
he has been remanded in 14 days custody.
gafoor has also lodged a complaint, alleging that ghazim assaulted him.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs trip to nepal appears to have sent out some wholesome signals.
it conveyed a message of change from a new government  that new delhi desires to abandon the past practice of missing opportunities and that it also intends to elevate the status of the bilateral relationship with regular interaction at the political level.
indias decision to review the 1950 india-nepal peace and friendship treaty  a longstanding kathmandu demand  communicated one such important note of departure from the past, which will help prepare the ground for prime minister narendra modis visit to that country early next month.
of course, assuring nepal that india will keep its promises will need more than words.
yet, the fact that the bilateral joint commission met after 23 years and that an indian prime minister is visiting after 17 years and two decades of delhis political neglect of kathmandu are signs of the governments earnestness in prioritising the neighbourhood.
]for indias nepal policy to be genuinely successful, however, the chief ministers of states bordering nepal must be kept in the loop.
during his election campaign, modi had spoken of the need to regularise states partnership with the centre in the framing of important policies that affect them.
five states  uttarakhand, uttar pradesh, bihar, west bengal and sikkim  share borders with nepal.
the points of india-nepal cooperation  border management, water and energy resource management, addressing security and crime and facilitating transportation  all concern these states.
the india-nepal border is an open and linked border, across which people move freely, even as they maintain deep social and familial ties.
close collaboration between the centre and states is required, therefore, to construct indias policy towards nepal.
it would be a good move if swaraj, who had consulted west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee before her bangladesh trip, briefs these five chief ministers before modi leaves for kathmandu.
modi could even invite the chief ministers to accompany him.
that none of them belongs to the bjp would make the gesture even more politically sagacious.
modis predecessor, manmohan singh, had tried a similar approach with bangladesh, but it was wrecked by banerjee.
under the upa, the centre would either not consult with states  or allow them a veto on foreign policy.
modi needs to break the syndrome, lay down a new marker for dealing with with the states.
including them in neighbourhood diplomacy would be a great way to start.
b'pope francis driven through the crowd in st. peters square at the vatican during a jubilee audience for workers and volunteers of mercy, saturday, sept.
3, 2016.
the square hosts a ceremony sunday expected to draw hundreds of thousands of admirers of mother teresa (source: losservatore romano/pool photo via ap) pope francis driven through the crowd in st. peters square at the vatican during a jubilee audience for workers and volunteers of mercy, saturday, sept.
3, 2016.
the square hosts a ceremony sunday expected to draw hundreds of thousands of admirers of mother teresa (source: losservatore romano/pool photo via ap)mother teresa will be declared a saint by pope francis of the roman catholic church in a canonisation ceremony in vatican city on sunday.
from india, a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal, led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee, respectively, will be in attendance during the function.
a group of around 40-50 nuns from different parts of the country will be present at the ceremony led by missionaries of charity superior general sister mary prema.
besides archbishop of kolkata thomas dsouza, about 45 bishops from all over india are now in vatican.
earlier in march, pope francis had announced that mother teresa would be made a saint in a canonisation ceremony on september 4 on the eve of her 19th death anniversary.
mother teresa worked with the poor in kolkata for nearly four decades, having initially come to eastern india as a missionary teacher with irelands loreto order.
born to kosovar albanian parents in what is now macedonia in 1910, teresa died in 1997.
by then she was a household name around the world and also a citizen of india.
b'jaish-e-mohammad chief maulana masood azhar jaish-e-mohammad chief maulana masood azharindia and pakistan should resolve the issue over masood azhar through direct and serious consultations, china on tuesday said, weeks after blocking indias bid in the un to ban the jem chief that generated negativity in bilateral ties.
we encourage all parties related to the listing matter of masood azhar to have direct communication and work out a solution through serious consultations, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying said in a written communication to pti here on the issue which drew serious protests from new delhi over beijings last minute move to block its bid to slap a un ban on azhar.
replying to a question about whether there is any change in chinas stand on the issue after a number of top indian officials conveyed indias strong concerns over the move, hua said as per the rules of the un committee on counterterrorism, the relevant countries should have direct talks.
in addition to huas comments, chinese officials expressed confidence that the issue will be resolved as beijing is also in touch with islamabad on the issue.
her comments came as foreign secretaries of india and pakistan held talks in new delhi on tuesday, in which india raised the azhar issue.
while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took up the issue with her counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of russia,india, china (ric) ministers meet in moscow on april 18, it was raised by defence minister manohar parrikar with his chinese counterpart the same day in beijing.
the issue was subsequently raised by national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval with his chinese counterpart yang jiechi during the just-concluded 19th round of india-china border talks.
china  one of the five veto-wielding members of the 15- member un security council, which plays a leading role in banning terrorist outfits through the 1267 committee on counterterrorism issues  was the only country that put a technical hold on indias bid to ban pakistan-based azhar in march.
the move was criticised by indias permanent representatives to un syed akbaruddin as hidden veto.
hua, however, once again defended chinas move to put technical hold, saying that beijings move is in line with the unsc rules and procedures.
on the listing matter of the (un) security council committee established pursuant to resolution 1267, i want to point out that china has been fairly dealing with the matter in accordance with the security council resolutions and relevant rules of procedures on the basis of facts, she said.
it is in line with the security council resolutions and 1267 committees rules of procedure for china to place a technical hold on the listing of masood azhar, she said.
stating that the relevant rules are in the public domain of the un for all to verify, she said in accordance with the rules of procedures of the 1267 committee, the committee encourages communications between countries that ask for the listing and countries where individuals and entities in the listing come from and live in.
stating that china and india are victims of terrorism and have similar stances on the issues of counterterrorism, she said the chinese side supports the central coordination role of the un in the international cooperation against terrorism and takes active part in this regard.
b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
sabrina harmes, 32, was last seen in rishikesh on wednesday and was in a confused state of mind, her sister suzanne lugano said in a tweet to swaraj, while seeking her intervention in locating sabrina.
we have asked uttarakhand government to trace her.
pic.
twitter.com/cnh43a26xg  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 28, 2016suzanne, who lives in nijmegen in the netherlands, said sabrina had attended a gathering of a guru named mooji and, when she did not return to the hostel, her roommates contacted the police.
b'in a press meet that glaringly highlighted the absence of a sulking l k advani,president rajnath singh,flanked by sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari,said that the veteran leader had agreed not to press forward with his resignation.
bjp reached a truce with advani after rss intervened to end the two-day crisis triggered by his opposition to narendra modis elevation.
rajnath indicated advani took back his resignation after rss chief mohan bhagwat spoke to him and requested him not to quit.
related: and the sangh said modiexpress editorial: bjp (m)on being questioned about why advani was missing from the press conference,which was being held in advanis house,rajnath said that it would not have been appropriate and that he had asked the senior leader not to attend as the main topic of the press meet was the veteran leader himself.
singh added,i told him that this is my press conference and it will not look nice that you sit and hear me.
importantly,rajnath said that advani has indicated his acceptance of the bjps sunday resolution that included the elevation of gujarat chief minister narendra modi.
today afternoon,rss sarsanghchalak (chief) shri mohan bhagwat spoke to shri advani and asked him to respect bjp parliamentary board decision and continue to guide the party in national interest.
shri advani has decided to accept shri bhagwats advice, said a statement read out by rajnath after meeting advani in the company of other leaders.
in a bid to mollify advani,singh said he had assured him that all his concerns regarding functioning of the party,which he had cited as a reason for quitting the party posts,would be properly addressed.
the president will discuss the modalities of addressing these concerns with shri advani, singh said without elaborating.
the party chief had made it clear earlier that there will be no going back on the decision to appoint modi as campaign committee chief,a major cause for advanis resignation.
the denouement to the two-day political drama came after hectic parleys and persuasion by a number of leaders who met advani and impressed on him the need to end the crisis triggered by his resignation.
advanis close associate jaswant singh maintained that the worries and concerns raised by advani about the affairs of the party would be looked into.
the issues he has raised are for the good of the party and the nation.
i am hopeful a proper solution to these would come out.
i am sure the party will be successful in dealing with these issues, singh told reporters.
former bjp president nitin gadkari said the party needs the guidance of a veteran leader like advani at this juncture.
we will pray to him to reconsider and i am confident he will take back his resignation, gadkari said.
party mp uma bharti,who met advani and leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj separately this morning,said that she and and swaraj had a good conversation but refused to answer questions on advanis resignation,saying she does not want to speak on that matter.
asked whether her writing a letter to party president rajnath singh on not being able to attend the bjp conclave at goa was any indication that she was upset,bharti said she was not annoyed in any manner.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with us secretary of state john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with us secretary of state john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti photo)india and the us on tuesday discussed terrorism emanating from pakistan and other issues of strategic importance as well as of commercial interest with new delhi asserting that there was a scope to do a lot more in the area of counter-terrorism.
during the 2nd indo-us strategic and commercial dialogue (s&cd), co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and commerce minister nirmala sitharaman along with us secretary of state john kerry and us secretary of commerce penny pritzker here, the two sides also discussed ways to enhance cooperation in key areas of energy and trade and business.
the co-chairs were accompanied by high-level inter-agency delegations.
in her initial remarks, swaraj stressed on the need to enhance cooperation in counter-terrorism, saying there is a scope to do a lot more.
apart from bilateral issues, substantive discussions were held on important regional and global developments including the security situation.
she also stressed on the need to take care of aspirations and interests of companies while enhancing bilateral commercial ties.
watch video: john kerry indiavisit: us-india to deepen cooperation in defence, counter-terrorismon his part, kerry noted that the two countries have deepened their cooperation in defence, energy and cyber security.
the us was looking forward to finalise a cyber framework that will help the two countries protect from new global cyber threats, he said.
he further said the us would want its civil nuclear cooperation with india to take shape in setting up of reactors that deliver reliable electricity to indian households.
on the commercial front, ease of doing business and visa regimes were among other aspects of trade ties taken up.
the two-way trade between the countries stood at about usd 109 billion last year.
gurbaksh kaur, who along with her daughter was stuck in saudi arabia after being jailed over allegations of planning to kill members of the family she was working for, on saturday reached her home in nawanshahr and thanked union and state governments for securing her release.
however, her daughter, is still in saudi arabia.
a couple of days ago, gurbaksh, through a video clip, sought governments intervention in securing her and her daughter reenas safe return from saudi arabia where they were fraudulently sent by a travel agent.
on learning about their plight in saudi arabia, punjab chief minister amarinder singh on october 30 had brought the matter to the notice of external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, through a tweet saying: this mother-daughter due from nawanshahr are in trouble in saudi arabia.
request your urgent help.
on which, the external affairs minister had asked the indian embassy in riyadh to help.
pursuant to efforts of @indianembriyadh gurbux kaur is reaching india today.
the daughter reena will return soon, the minister had tweeted.
the duo, resident of garhi fateh khan village here, had planned to go to malaysia but their travel agent had fraudulently sent them to saudi arabia and was demanding more money to bring them back.
narrating her tale of woes in saudi arabia, gurbaksh told media persons that though they had planned to go to malaysia, a travel agent, neha, in delhi told them that they were being sent to saudi arabia instead.
my daughter arrived in saudi arabia three days after my arrival there.
but we were unable to meet each other even once during these past three months and i have no idea of her present condition or location, she said.
the woman told media persons that they had sold their small piece of land to arrange money for their journey to malaysia as the agents had assured them a packing-related job there.
but i was made to do all kinds of menial household chores, sometimes at knife-point, she said narrating her ordeal.
the woman said she was not paid any money for the work she did in a house there.
i was not paid any money for my work and one day the family i worked for turned me out of the house in a burqa and the local police arrested me and put me into the prison saying i had planned to kill the family members, she said.
gurbaksh said she met many women like her in the prison.
in jail, i saw many women including some teenage girls from other countries, including bangladesh, who were treated very badly and were asked to do work which is considered immoral in our society, the victim said.
while gurbaksh was highly grateful to the governments and media for their role in securing her release, she urged the government to work for securing the safe return of her daughter as well.
sdm nawanshahr aditiya uppal today paid a visit to her house to welcome her on behalf of the district administration.
the sdm urged the people to bring to the notice of the administration other such cases, if any, so that arrangements could be made to bring those people back too.
he assured the family that the state government was doing its best to bring back reena also.
the sdm expressed hope that she (reena) too would join her family soon.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and general vk singh in new delhi on sunday.
(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and general vk singh in new delhi on sunday.
(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)china on monday asserted that indias membership for nuclear supplies group (nsg) was not on the agenda list for seoul meet.
while nsg members still divided, it is not mature to talk about entry of new countries, it said.
we are hopeful of convincing china to support indias entry, she had said.
foreign secretary s jaishankar had also made an unannounced visit to china on june 16-17 to seek chinas support into the matter.
the 48-nation atomic trading bloc will hold a plenary meeting on june 24 where it is expected that indias membership will be discussed.
b'kulbhushan jadhav.
kulbhushan jadhav.
the international court of justice (icj) has ordered that pakistan stay the execution of kulbhushan jadhav, thereby handing a big diplomatic victory to india, but has also stopped short of ruling on the issue of consular access to indian embassy officials in pakistan for jadhav, thereby allowing pakistan to save face at the icjs interim verdict.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted her gratitude to indias counsel at the hague, who had argued that there was significant concern that pakistans military court would have executed jadhav in the dead of night, and that therefore, the icj should rule against such a heinous act.
i assure the nation that under the leadership of prime minister modi we will leave no stone unturned to save #kulbhushanjadhav, swaraj tweeted.
attorney general mukul rohatgi confirmed to journalists at the hague that no consular access would be given to jadhav, pending a final verdict.
meaning, indian embassy officials still wont have any idea what jadhavs physical and mental condition is since he was kidnapped from iran over a year ago.
the icj threw out the pakistani plea that it had no jurisdiction in this matter because it was different from pakistani law.
the icj argued that according to the vienna convention, to which both india and pakistan are signatories, it indeed had jurisdiction.
therefore, that plea didnt hold.
pakistan had argued in front of the icj that a 2008 consular agreement between india and pakistan superceded the vienna convention, as all cases of security or political prisoners would be decided on its merit.
because he was such a security and political prisoner  a spy  pakistan argued, the merit of the case in this case meant that it would not give indian embassy officials consular access to kulbhushan jadhav.
pakistan argued that jadhav had been caught waging war against the pakistani state or its equivalent, and was involved in acts of sabotage in balochistan and elsewhere.
that is why, pakistan argued, that he had been sentenced according to the law of the land, and that sentence was hanging.
indias simple argument rested on the vienna convention, which guarantees consular access to all its citizens.
it argued in front of the icj that it was fearful that jadhavs life was in danger.
to that extent, india has won a big victory, because the icj has clearly told pakistan that it cannot hang jadhav until a final verdict.
as this 1-1 score, in favour of both india and pakistan, sums up the jadhav case so far, one cannot help wondering if the entire matter could have been sorted more amicably.
whatever kulbhushan jadhavs actual status  whether or not hes a spy, as pakistan says he is and india denies that fact, insisting he was a businessman in iran, carrying out his normal chores  the fact is that he was kidnapped by pakistani intelligence agencies from iran.
he has since been kept in a jail somewhere in pakistan.
if indian and pakistani officials could pick up the phone and talk to each other, and sort out this problem bilaterally, it would have been so much more humane.
at the end of the day, to wash our dirty linen in public, was ugly, even grotesque.
to think that two neighbours can descend to this state diminishes us all.
b'new delhi: senior samajwadi party leader and rajya sabha mp naresh agarwal being welcomed by union minister piyush goyal as he joins bjp at party headquarters in new delhi on monday.
(pti photo) new delhi: senior samajwadi party leader and rajya sabha mp naresh agarwal being welcomed by union minister piyush goyal as he joins bjp at party headquarters in new delhi on monday.
(pti photo)minutes after he joined the bjp, rajya sabha mp naresh agrawal monday was at the centre of a storm after saying he joined the party because he was bypassed for somebody who danced and worked in films referring to actor-turned-politician jaya bachchan.
agrawal drew sharp criticism from the bjp including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his remarks were improper and unacceptable.
agrawal quit the samajwadi party and formally joined the bjp in new delhi after he lost out his rajya sabha re-nomination to bachchan.
agrawals term as rajya sabha member ends on april 2.
read | rajya sabha polls: naresh agarwal joining bjp spoils sp, bsps numbers game; heres howaddressing a press conference in the presence of union minister piyush goyal at the bjp headquarters in new delhi, agrawal said: aur filmon mein kaam karnewali se meri haisiyat kar di gayi.
ye filmon mein dance karte, apna role karte, unke naam par hamara ticket kata gaya, mein ne isko bahut uchit nahin samjha.
kisi ne bhi isko uchit nahin samjha.
(my status has been equated with women who work in films.
for somebody who used to dance in films, act in films, i was denied a (rajya sabha) ticket.
i did not find it appropriate.
nobody found it appropriate).
while the bjp distanced itself from his remarks, swaraj took to twitter: shri naresh agrawal has joined bhartiya janata party.
he is welcome.
however, his comments regarding jaya bachchan ji are improper and unacceptable.
read | naresh agarwals naachney wali jibe at jaya bachchan upsets bjp: but its nothing new for himbjp spokesperson sambit patra, who was at the press conference, picked up the microphone immediately after agrawal concluded his brief speech.
before i request piyush goyalji to hand over the membership to him, i would like to clarify one thing from this platform: whether it is a film star or just a party worker, everyone is respected.
bjp respects everyone.
we respect all, he said.
according to goyal, patra had already discussed the issue with bjp leaders including party chief amit shah.
read | denied rajya sabha ticket, naresh agarwal dumps samajwadi party for bjpbut the damage was done.
social media was abuzz with vehement criticism against agrawal, who often courted controversy with his remarks inside and outside parliament.
bjp leaders admitted that the party was deeply embarrassed by his remarks and that it has taken the sheen off the partys excitement over his shift to the bjp.
goyal, in the press conference, had also explained how the bjp would benefit from the clever leadership of agrawal.
according to agrawal, he had joined the bjp because he was impressed by the partys work and the leadership of both prime minister narendra modi and shah.
whatever work the bjp gives me i will accept.
we will do seva for the bjp.
i promise to deliver fully, he said.
he claimed that the people of his community  baniya (vaishya)  supported the bjp and would appreciate his move.
agrawal also said his son and sp mla in up, nitin, would vote in favour of the bjp in the rajya sabha elections.
this could derail the calculations of the sp-bsp-congress for the rs polls in up.
in order to send two candidates, the combine needs 74 votes and the sp has 47 including agrawals mla son nitin, the bsp has 19 and the congress has seven.
this makes 73.
but even if the rlds single mla votes for their candidate, the two candidates will find it hard to win if nitin votes against them.
the bjp monday fielded 11 candidates for the 10 rajya sabha seats in up.
afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani is learnt to have spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her on the efforts being made to rescue the indians.
(ap photo/representational) afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani is learnt to have spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her on the efforts being made to rescue the indians.
(ap photo/representational)seven indians working with indian power company kec international were abducted by suspected taliban gunmen in northern baghlan province of afghanistan on sunday.
while no group has claimed responsibility so far, tolonews, a news channel in afghanistan, quoted baghlan governor abdulhai nemati as saying that a taliban group was behind the abduction.
nemati was quoted as saying that afghan authorities had spoken with the taliban group, via local people, and had been told that the kec employees had been mistaken for government staff.
confirming the abduction, ministry of external affairs official spokesperson raveesh kumar said, we are aware of the abduction of indian nationals from baghlan province in afghanistan.
we are in contact with the afghan authorities and further details are being ascertained.
afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani is learnt to have spoken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her on the efforts being made to rescue the indians.
the province falls in the northern part of afghanistan.
(source: the province falls in the northern part of afghanistan.
(source: google maps)harsh goenka, chairman of rpg enterprises, the parent company of kec, tweeted: request @sushmaswaraj and ministry of external affairs to help rescue 7 of our managers from the kidnapping in afghanistan.
#kec.
according to local reports, the kec employees were abducted by armed men in bagh-e-shamal village of the provincial capital pul-e-khomri, while they were travelling to the area where kec has a contract to operate an electricity sub-station.
nemati told tolonews that the taliban group had moved the kec employees to dand-e-shahabuddin area of pul-e-khomri city.
he said they were trying to secure their release through tribe elders and mediation.
this is the third case of abduction of indians in afghanistan in the last four years.
in july 2016, indian aid worker judith dsouza was rescued more than a month after she was kidnapped in kabul.
in june 2014, father alexis prem kumar, a roman catholic priest from india, was abducted by unidentified gunmen in the afghan city of herat.
he was released in february 2015.
between 2003 and 2008, three indians were kidnapped and released.
however, two indians were killed after they were abducted.
maniappan raman kutty, an engineer working for border roads organisation, was kidnapped with his afghan driver and two afghan bodyguards by the taliban on november 19, 2005.
the driver and two bodyguards were later released but maniappan was found dead on november 23, 2005.
kasula suryanarayana, a telecommunications worker for al-moayed, was kidnapped with his afghan driver by the taliban on april 28, 2006.
the driver was later released but kasula was found beheaded on april 30, 2006.
kec, a global infrastructure engineering, procurement and construction major, is one of the largest indian companies in afghanistan that is responsible for electricity supply in the country.
in 2013, kec signed a contract with the afghanistan government for construction of 220 kv d/c transmission line from the existing 220 kv substation at chimtala to the newly proposed 220 kv substation at kabul south west (arghandi).
this transmission line is meant to transport at least 180 mw electricity from chimtala substation, which receives power from pul-e-khomri 220 kv substation, about 250 km north of kabul (receiving the power primarily from uzbekistan & tajikistan) to the power-starved townships of qala-e- mohib, chel dakhtaran, south west of kabul, an afghan government statement had said.
once this project and the substation at arghandi is completed, electricity will be provided to 40,000 households and businesses in qala-e-mohib, chel dakhtaran.
a 2008 estimate had said the project cost was around rs 135 crore.
b'sunu, pranav.
husband had minutes before left house sunu, pranav.
husband had minutes before left housea kerala nurse working in libya and her 18-month-old son were killed in a rocket attack on their flat in zawiya city, 45 km from capital tripoli, on friday evening.
the victims were identified as sunu sathyan, 29, and son pranav.
sunus husband, vipin kumar, 38, also a nurse, escaped as he had stepped out to buy provisions.
the couple hailed from veliyanoor village in keralas kottayam district, home to hundreds of nurses working in the country or abroad.
read: will do our best to bring others stuck in libya: kerala cm on libya shell attackkumars brother thulaseedharan said kumar had told him that sunu and he had just returned to their flat after their days work when the blast happened.
it was not immediately clear who fired the rocket.
share this article related article family fears missing kerala man abducted in libyafamily fears missing kerala man abducted in libya will do our best to bring others stuck in libya: kerala cm oommen chandy on libya shell attackwill do our best to bring others stuck in libya: kerala cm oommen chandy on libya shell attack indian nurses stuck in benghazi, centre plans sea evacuationdesperate to return, indian nurses in libya call homedesperate to return, indian nurses in libya call home stranded nurses in iraq: why these women risk their lives to work in strife-torn countriesstranded nurses in iraq: why these women risk their lives to work in strife-torn countries kin of men stranded in libya meet protector of emigrantsthulaseedharan said kumar had told him a neighbour may have hit their house by accident.
he said sunu and pranav were in the bedroom.
two libyan natives living in nearby flats allegedly had a fight and one of them hurled an object, which accidentally fell into their flat.
the object immediately exploded, killing the mother and the son, he said.
hours earlier, sunu had talked to her relatives in kerala online, thulaseedharan, a retail trader, addedpti said sunus father sathyan nair had appealed to the government to help them get the bodies back, adding that the family back home was yet to even meet pranav.
nair works with a restaurant at ramapuram in kottayam.
the families came to know about the blast when fellow keralites working in libya called them on saturday morning.
they told thulaseedharan that kumar had been taken to a place where a few others from kottayam stay.
kumar has been working as a nurse in libya since 2010.
sunu, who worked as a nurse in delhi for two years, and he got married in august 2012.
a few months later, both left for libya, and sunu joined the same hospital as nurse where her husband worked.
there are more than 20 indians working at that hospital in zawiya.
the two had stuck on through the civilian strife in libya, family members say, as the city where they lived had not reported any major problem.
however, for the past few months, sunu and kumar had reportedly been talking of returning home and were trying to get tickets.
their families say the hospital management was not giving back their documents, which had delayed their return.
thulaseedharan also said that while kumar and sunu had been getting their salary from the hospital, they had been unable to send savings home for want of foreign money exchanges in libya.
two years back, when hundreds of nurses returned from libya, we advised them to quit the country.
but they decided to stick on as their area was free from any incident.
so far there was no threat in their region, sajesh sashi, a neighbour in kottayam, said.
on saturday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a fresh appeal urging indians in conflict zones to move out.
we have issued advisories many times.
i request you once again, she said.
non-resident keralites affairs (norka) minister k c joseph said several persons from kerala, particularly nurses, are still working in libya.
after yesterdays tragedy, we have identified 12 persons.
during the evacuation exercise in 2014, we had asked them to return, but they decided to stay back.
while the government would do its best to get back those who wanted to return from libya, joseph said, india has only a skeletal machinery in that country to help these people.
norka ceo r s kannan said the government has no figures about the number of keralites still working in libya.
we have always warned against staying back in the trouble-torn country.
now many have started going to libya despite government warnings.
such job-seekers in libya do not inform norka, fearing that we would stop them from going, said kannan.
sources in the nursing sector said nurses from poor families are going back to war-ravaged countries as there are no jobs in kerala.
five years after the uprising that led to the ouster and killing of autocrat muammar gaddafi, libya remains caught in civil war.
it is ruled by an internationally recognised government and parliament based in the east, but there is a rival government and parliament in tripoli backed by islamist-allied militias.
b'prime minister narendra modi.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi.
(pti photo)taking potshots at prime minister narendra modi on the third anniversary of his government, the congress today accused him of maintaining a strategic silence on a host of issues including rising atrocities on dalits and violence being perpetrated by cow vigilantes.
while the bjp has been terming the three years of modi government as historic, the congress is criticising the prime minister and the bjp-led nda dispensation on scores of issues.
though our prime minister talks a lot, he remains silent on the key issues like corruption in the bjp-ruled states, countrys security, fleeing of big loan defaulter vijay mallya, illegal help extended to (ex-ipl commissioner) lalit modi by bjp leaders, rising atrocities against dalits, spiralling unemployment, violence by gau rakshaks etc, senior congress leader mukul wasnik alleged while addressing reporters.
the former union minister was in the madhya pradesh capital to put forward his partys view on completion of three years of modi government today.
his (modis) silence is deafening.
this is a strategic silence by prime minister.
he remains silent on alleged vyapam scam in madhya pradesh, mining scam worth rs 45000-crore in rajasthan, the rs 3600 crore pds scam in chhattisgarh, the land scam in gujarat involving the daughter of former chief minister anandiben patel, a cag report indicting (the then) modi regime in gujarat among others.
he alleged the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje had helped lalit modi, who fled india in 2010 after facing charges of financial irregularity in ipl.
vijay mallya, a defaulter of rs 9000-crore, also escaped the country, wasnik added.
he said the prime minister should speak on issues like rising infiltration by pakistan and china, growing incidents of attacks on army, and on terrorism and naxalism.
questioning the foreign policy of modi government, he said the countrys relations with neighbours like nepal are at an all time low.
wasnik asked the government to present white paper on the countrys economy, saying banks recorded the lowest growth rates in the past 60 years last year.
in contrast to modis promise of (creating) two crore jobs annually, only 1.
35 lakh jobs were actually created in 2015.
we need to generate over 34 crore jobs by 2028, but what is the status of domestic investment and bank credit?
.
.
both are at their historic lowest, he said.
experts are saying the information technology sector is facing joblessness and around 20,000 jobs will be lost annually while 60 per cent jobs in unorganised sectors would be reduced this year, wasnik said.
he alleged atrocities against dalits have gone up by 38 per cent since modi government came to office after defeating the congress-led upa government, whereas 12,602 farmers have committed suicide in 2015.
governments decision to revoke import duty on wheat only harmed the farmers interests, he said.
a car bomb exploded in kabul, not far away from where most of the worlds embassies are housed.
(source: ani) a car bomb exploded in kabul, not far away from where most of the worlds embassies are housed.
(source: ani)a car bomb exploded in afghanistans capital city kabul on wednesday, killing at least 49 people and injuring scores of others.
the blast, according to reports, happened near the wazir akbar khan area, not far from the presidential palace.
windows and doors of several embassy buildings within the blast vicinity were damaged.
meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed that the staff at the indian embassy in kabul are safe.
highlights:1.
00 pm: at least 90 people were killed and 350 wounded in kabul on wednesday when a powerful vehicle-borne bomb exploded in the middle of the afghan capital, a public health official told news agency reuters.
12.
15 pm: a video shot by afghan news channel tolo news shows smoke billowing from the blast debris and emergency services rushing the victims to the hospitals.
security forces have also arrived at the scene to secure the area.
12.
00 pm: at least 49 were killed and 300 injured in the car explosion, news agency afp reported.
11.
30 pm: prime minister narendra modi condemned the blast in kabul.
we strongly condemn the terrorist blast in kabul.
our thoughts are with the families of the deceased & prayers with the injured.
india stands with afghanistan in fighting all types of terrorism.
forces supporting terrorism need to be defeated, he tweeted.
11.
00 pm: at least 9 people were reportedly killed in the blast.
10.
30 pm: associated press reported that the blast took place in wazir akbar khan area, not far from where several embassies are housed.
public health ministry spokesperson, ismail kawasi told the news agency that the wounded, believed to be around 50, were rushed to several hospitals in kabul.
10.
20 pm: wall street journals afghanistan correspondent, jessica donati confirmed the blast: massive explosion just shattered all the windows and glass in our bureau.
10.
10 pm: we have reports coming in that close to 50 people have been killed or injured in the explosion.
news agency reuters, citing afghan officials, reported that 50 people are feared dead or injured.
10.
00 pm: foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: by gods grace, indian embassy staff are safe in the massive #kabul blast.
indian ambassador in kabul, manpreet vohra said the explosion was not too far from the embassy.
massive vbied (vehicle-borne improvised explosive device) not too far from our embassy, vohra said.
president of nepal bidya devi bhandari arrives in delhi on state visit to india (source: twitter/ani_news) president of nepal bidya devi bhandari arrives in delhi on state visit to india (source: twitter/ani_news)nepals president bidhya devi bhandari arrived here today on her first overseas tour during which she will hold talks with top indian leadership to strengthen bilateral ties.
neighbourhood first.
bidhya devi bhandari, president of nepal, arrives in new delhi on state visit to india, the external affairs ministry spokesperson tweeted.
she will hold talks with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi, exploring ways to expand cooperation between the two close neighbours whose ties faced some strains following the agitation by the madhesi community last year.
vice president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will also call on the nepalese president.
bhandari was scheduled to visit india in may last year, but the trip was cancelled after the then cabinet did not endorse the visit, citing lack of preparations on the part of the government.
b'the supreme court of india.
the supreme court of india.
for the first time, the government has sought to include merit and integrity as prime criteria for appointment of judges to the higher judiciary.
it has also proposed selection of up to three lawyers and jurists as supreme court judges, documentation of the reasons why a senior judge was overlooked for elevation, and establishment of a permanent secretariat to maintain records.
the new memorandum of procedure (mop), finalised by a group of ministers (gom) headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last week, seeks to introduce performance appraisal as a standard for appointing chief justices of high courts and supreme court judges.
according to the mop, evaluation of judgments delivered by a high court judge during the last five years and initiatives undertaken for improvement of judicial administration should be a yardstick of merit for promotion as chief justice of a high court.
it further states that a high court should not have an acting chief justice for more than three months, while awaiting appointment of a full-time chief justice by the collegium.
the new mop proposes that for appointment of judges in the supreme court, the prime criteria should be seniority as chief justice/ judge of the high court as well as merit and integrity.
notably, the earlier mop drafted in 1999 did not mention merit and integrity as eligibility criteria.
advocating fair representation of all high courts in picking sc judges, the government has said preference should be given to the chief justices of high courts, keeping in view their inter-se seniority.
in case a senior chief justice of a high court is being overlooked for elevation to the supreme court, the reasons for the same (should) be recorded in writing.
at present, no records are put in public domain by the collegium to show why a judge is not elevated to the supreme court despite his seniority.
another key change being sought by the nda government pertains to appointment of lawyers and jurists as judges.
the mop states that up to three judges in the supreme court need to be appointed from among the eminent members of the bar and distinguished jurists with proven track record in their respective fields.
further, for appointing lawyers and jurists as judges, the government has proposed that it shall be open to all judges of the supreme court to make suitable recommendations to the collegium, which comprises the chief justice of india and four senior-most judges of the apex court.
the other proposals in the mop, which has been forwarded to cji t s thakur for consultation, are:a permanent secretariat to be set up in the supreme court for maintaining records of high court judges, scheduling meetings of the sc collegium, receiving recommendations as well as complaints in matters related to appointments.
the union law minister should seek the recommendation of the incumbent cji for appointment of his successor at least one month prior to his retirement.
a notice for vacancies of judges should be put up on the website of the high courts at the beginning of the year for appointments.
a permanent secretariat for the high court collegium to process appointments.
after it quashed the proposed national judicial appointments commission (njac), the supreme courts constitution bench had, in december 2015, left it to the centre to consult the cji for drafting the new memorandum for appointments of judges to the higher judiciary.
the bench had listed broad suggestions for consideration but refrained from issuing positive directives to improve the collegium system.
no judge has been appointed in the apex court for over a year owing to the stalemate over validity of the njac and the subsequent procedure to draft the mop.
b'with indian embassy shut on saturday and sunday in china, the mma has written to mea to aid in their safe return.
(representational image) with indian embassy shut on saturday and sunday in china, the mma has written to mea to aid in their safe return.
(representational image)after a mumbai tour operator failed to make payments to a chinese travel agency, 25 doctors attached with the malad medical association (mma), who are on a tour of china, are stuck at a hotel in shenzhen where chinese tour operators have refused to facilitate their return to india until their entire tour fee is paid.
the doctors claim they were made to vacate their hotel rooms on sunday and forced to remain in the lobby until the medical association manages to transfer the entire amount due for the trip.
with the indian embassy shut on saturday and sunday in china, the mma has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to aid in their safe return.
the mma arranges for an annual foreign tour for its doctor members.
this year, a week-long trip was arranged to macau, hong kong and shenzhen.
in january we paid rs 92,500 per person to oppex holidays, which was contacted by the associations management, said dr sanjay mehra, currently in shenzhen with his family.
the doctors paid an additional fee to oppex holidays to procure their visas.
according to mma, three batches of doctors were supposed to visit china.
when the first batch of 70 doctors went, oppex holidays made 30 per cent payment to chinese tour agency freedom travels that it contacted for the tour.
on may 16, the second group of 25 doctors, including their family members, left for hong kong.
on may 18, they were informed that oppex holidays had not made payment to freedom travels.
on saturday, their entire itinerary, including food, accommodation, was cancelled by the chinese tour agency.
when contacted, oppex holidays owner vinayak zarekar refused to comment over the reasons for delay in payment to the chinese agency.
i am trying to process it.
my priority is to ensure they are safe.
i cannot comment further, he said.
we tried to contact oppex holidays from here.
initially, he (zarekar) said he will make the payment.
but now he has stopped answering our calls, mehra said.
the chinese agency has demanded rs 20 lakh before permitting the doctors to leave.
the mma lodged a complaint against oppex holidays with dahisar police under section 420 (cheating) of the indian penal code on saturday.
according to vinay rathod, dcp (zone xii), the police is trying to trace owner vinayak zarekars whereabouts.
we are in touch with the doctors in china.
we are trying to resolve the issue from here, rathod said, adding that zarekar continues to remain absconding.
on sunday, the 12 families of doctors were asked to vacate their rooms in central plaza hotel, shenzhen.
we have been sitting in the lobby since morning.
the tour officials are standing in front of us.
we cant go anywhere until they receive their payment, mehra said.
the doctors also attempted to reach a local police station in china but remained unsuccessful.
the mma members along with touring doctors families are pooling in money to pay the chinese agency.
mmas president dr hemal barchha wrote to swaraj on saturday to intervene in the matter claiming the doctors have been held hostage and their passports have been held.
a lot of my doctor colleagues went for this trip.
the entire arrangement was looked after by the malad medical association, dr vipin checker, president-elect of association of medical consultants, said.
according to dr rajiv borlepwar, attached with mma, the management has been trying to trace the borivali-based tour operator since two days.
the mma was not aware that he paid only 30 per cent of entire trip cost to the chinese travel agency until the latter demanded money from doctors in china.
the doctors also blame the medical association for fixing zarekar without checking his background.
their return flight is scheduled from hong kong on may 23.
they will not allow us to leave shenzhen until we pay them.
we do not have so much cash, shomu mehra, who is also a part of the trip, said.
barchha, mmas president, told the indian express, we are paying the agency from here for now to at least keep the trip moving.
the doctors should be able to return to india.
b'(express file photo by prem nath pandey) (express file photo by prem nath pandey)in the first high-level visit from india after aung san suu kyis national league for democracy (nld) assumed power in myanmar earlier this year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit the eastern neighbour on monday.
sushma swaraj will be calling on myanmar president u htin kyaw and hold discussions with aung san suu kyi, state counsellor and foreign minister of myanmar.
the discussions are expected to focus on the bilateral content of the relationship as well as plans for the upcoming outreach summit of brics (brazil, russia, india, china, south africa) and the bay of bengal initiative for multi-sectoral technical and economic cooperation (bimstec) in india.
according to the external affairs ministry, the day-long visit reaffirms indias commitment to heightened partnership with myanmar in areas accorded priority by the new government of myanmar.
india and myanmar share close relations with a development cooperation programme in areas such as agriculture, information technology, human resource development, infrastructure development and culture.
during the visit, sushmaswaraj swaraj will be accompanied by foreign secretary s. jaishankar and other senior officials of the ministry of external affairs.
india and myanmar reviewed the entire gamut of bilateral issues during the 15th round of foreign office consultations here earlier this month including high-level visits, security and defence-related issues, boundary matters and border management, trade and commerce, development cooperation, connectivity, cultural and consular matters.
they also exchanged views on issues of mutual interest at regional and multilateral forums.
the consultations are of special significance as these were the first institutionalised exchanges between india and myanmar after the swearing in of the new nld government in myanmar on march 30 this year.
in the intervening period, national security advisor ajit doval visited myanmar as a special envoy of prime minister narendra modi on june 16, 2016, and minister of state for commerce and industry nirmala sitharaman led a high-level business delegation to the eastern neighbour for the india-myanmar business conclave on may 18-20, 2016.
last month, in a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v. k. singh on the sidelines of the association of southeast asian nations (asean) foreign ministers meeting, suu kyi said that she looked forward to visiting india.
as her countrys constitution bars her from becoming president, the nobel peace laureate serves as the state counsellor and foreign minister.
suu kyi made her first visit in her current capacity to china last week.
in what would be another setback for the bharatiya janata party,senior leader yash pal mahajan today announced his decision to retire from all party positions.
while he claimed that the decision was being taken due to health reasons,he rued that for the past two years he had not been consulted by the party.
mahajan was the former president of the city unit of the party and is member of bjp national council said that he would no longer take up any responsibility in the party.
he said,people who at one point or the other held positions in the party are sitting at home.
for the past two years,i have not been consulted.
there are people who have not been given responsibility for the past many years.
it is the responsibility of the party president of the unit to get people together.
mahajan,who completed 50 years with the party,further said that he was among those who contributed to the building of the present office of the bjp in sector 33.
the office was inaugurated in 2006 by senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he rued that the foundation stone was completely neglected and had been relegated to the back side of the building.
he said that it needs to be preserved.
mahajan said that he did not agree with the way the list of candidates was changed a day after being announced.
once the candidates are declared,till an objection is raised about a candidate having a criminal background,there should be no change in the list.
at present there is resentment among the candidates.
people were assured of tickets,their expectations increased and then they were not given tickets.
the party president should try to improve the situation, he said.
there has been much ruckus in the party over the past few days over distribution of tickets.
mahajan said that there was a wave in favour of the bjp,with the common man affected due to the issued of corruption and inflation.
he suggested that the party president take out a list of people who have been sidelined and contact them so that they can be a part of the campaign.
he said that there was a need to bring the party together and not break it.
b'salman khurshid said that the centre should avoid giving tantalising news and should come out clear that by when will these be brought back and made answerable.
salman khurshid said that the centre should avoid giving tantalising news and should come out clear that by when will these be brought back and made answerable.
former external affairs minister salman khurshid on monday took a jibe at the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in connection with the return of business tycoons lalit modi and vijay mallya from united kingdom, saying that the centre should avoid giving tantalising news and should come out clear that by when will these be brought back and made answerable.
speaking to ani, khurshid said, i would imagine if the government is serious about the presence of these two people on the indian territory so that they can be made answerable and if they have any defence they can put that defence as well.
what is the delay?
i think instead of tantalising news of this nature, the government should actually say that this is what the problem is, and at least should give some idea that by when will they do it, if at all they want to do it, the senior congress leader added.
with regard to lalit modis case, she said the enforcement directorate has not sent the required documents.
both liquor baron mallya and lalit modi are wanted by the enforcement directorate in its money laundering probe and the agency has also sought a global arrest warrant against them from the interpol.
the 2+2 format draws on a framework japan used for its strategic interactions with the us, france, russia and australia.
the 2+2 format draws on a framework japan used for its strategic interactions with the us, france, russia and australia.
prime minister narendra modi and president donald trump have moved to insulate the india-us strategic relationship from feuds over trade by instituting a new level of interaction between the principal actors, the foreign and defence ministers of the two countries.
in both countries, diplomats hope the mechanism will place the strategic and security relationship between the two countries on centrestage, allowing common challenges  like the crisis spawned by chinas aggression on its peripheries, or challenges to energy security from instability in west asia  to be addressed irrespective of differences on trade issues.
the mechanism  called a 2+2 format  was discussed and agreed upon by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart, rex tillerson, on tuesday.
the 2+2 format draws on a framework japan used for its strategic interactions with the us, france, russia and australia.
from 2010, india and japan began direct interactions between their foreign and defence secretaries; this was raised to the level of the respective ministers in 2014.
national security advisor ajit doval is believed to have begun discussing the idea with his counterpart, general h.r. mcmaster, soon after president trump took office, in an effort to give depth to india-us strategic ties.
there is little doubt that 2+2 will provide a powerful new vehicle to discuss issues.
but bureaucracies in both countries need to resist being seduced by the idea that process alone can resolve the issues in the relationship.
there are now over 60 india-us bilateral institutions  but there is also mounting ire in washington dc over what it sees as new delhis chronic failure to use them to their potential.
the causes are manifold: bureaucratic inertia, legal issues, suspicions of us motives, lack of clarity on what india seeks from the strategic relationship.
perhaps more importantly, the existence of a dialogue mechanism will not itself insulate the strategic relationship from the fallout of simmering rows over intellectual property rights and trade  issues president trump is likely to pursue  unless political leaders are clear on the ends they seek.
prime minister modi has gone some distance in meeting president trumps concerns, moving forward rapidly on importing shale oil from the us in an effort to narrow the trade deficit.
however, there is a deeper problem: the white houses lack of a clear vision for asia, and of the us role in it, will dog the india-us relationship, just as it has the superpowers ties to its other allies in asia.
this problem is one only determined political leadership can resolve, not yet another mechanism.
b'narendra modi said indian participants in other events like hockey, shooting and boxing also performed well.
(source: file/pti) narendra modi said indian participants in other events like hockey, shooting and boxing also performed well.
(source: file/pti)prime minister narendra modi on sunday said ekta (unity) and mamata (love) are the basic mantras for addressing the kashmir problem even as he slammed those pushing children to create unrest, saying they will have to give answers to those innocent kids some day.
he emphasised that if any life is lost in kashmir, whether of any youth or any security-man, that loss is ours, of our own country.
speaking on the unrest in the valley in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat, modi said, from the interactions i had with all parties on kashmir, one thing emerged from those, which can be put in simple words as ekta and mamata.
these two things were the basic mantra.
he said all the political parties had spoken in one voice on kashmir, sending out a message to the world as well as separatist forces besides conveying our sentiments to the people of kashmir.
he equated it to the passage of landmark gst bill by parliament for which all the parties came together.
it is the view of all of us, the view of 125 crore people from a pradhan of a village to the prime minister, that if any life is lost in kashmir, whether of any youth or any security-man, that loss is ours, our own country, modi said.
at the same time, he slammed those people who push small children to try to create unrest in kashmir, saying some day, they will have to give answers to these innocent children.
the prime ministers remarks came a day after jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met him and presented a three-pronged action plan that includes dialogue with all stakeholders.
this country is very big, full of diversities.
to keep it united, it is the responsibility of all of us, as individual citizens, as a society and as a government, to strengthen the unity as much as we can, highlight it as much as we can.
only then can the nation achieve its bright future.
i have confidence in the power of 125 crore people of the country, modi said.
during the 35-minute programme, the prime minister also referred to the recent olympic games and hailed the girl power as he referred to medal winners  shuttler p v sindhu and wrestler sakshi.
he also hailed gymnast dipa karmakar, who missed a medal by a narrow margin.
he said indian participants in other events like hockey, shooting and boxing also performed well.
but my countrymen, we need to do a lot more.
but if we continue doing what we have been doing, then perhaps we will again be disappointed, he said while mentioning about thousands of messages to him from people who wanted him to speak on the subject of sports in view of poor performance in rio olympics as they were badly disappointed.
in this context, he referred to his recent announcement to form a task force under which the government will go deep into the subject, study the best practices in the world and prepare a roadmap for the next three olympic games in 2020, 2024 and 2028.
we have to formulate a long-term programme, he said.
the prime minister asked state governments also to form such committees to see what could be done to improve performances in sports.
he said states can also send their suggestions to the centre in this regard.
he said associations linked to sports should also do brain-storming in an unbiased manner.
modi invited even individual citizens, with interest in sports, to write to him or the government.
we should do all preparations and i am confident that the country of 125 crore people, 65 per cent of them youth, will move ahead with this resolve, he said.
in this 23rd edition of mann ki baat, the prime minister also spoke about the upcoming event to grant sainthood to mother teresa on september 4 which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he also talked about teacher-student relationship in the context of upcoming teachers day on september 5, efforts to clean river ganga, swacch bharat abhiyan, eco-friendly ganesh visarjan and the recent launch of akashvani maitri under which content will be shared in bengali by west bengal and bangladesh.
modi also made a mention of an 84-year-old retired woman teacher, who had written to him, mentioning about her giving up lpg subsidy and donating rs 50,000 for women who still use firewood.
he talked about floods in various parts of the country and said efforts are being made by local authorities as well as the central government to provide help to the victims.
speaking about the power of unity, modi said, in august 2016, parties having intense political rivalry, parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other, all came together to pass the gst bill.
there are 90 parties in all, he said.
in the context of teachers day, he showered praise on p gopichand, a renowned badminton player and coach of p v sindhu, saying he is a shining example of a good teacher who gets deeply involved in his pupils performance.
he said he would not be able to participate in teachers day events this year as he would be travelling for g-20 summit in china.
b'new delhi : union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry at a joint press conference in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti) new delhi : union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and us secretary of state john kerry at a joint press conference in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti)with secretary of state john kerry declaring that us stands with india on all matters of terrorism, no matter where it comes from, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday ruled out any dialogue with islamabad saying talks with pakistan will happen only when it takes steps on the pathankot terror attack since terror and talks cannot go hand-in-hand.
we both agreed that nations must not maintain double standards, such as the categorisation of good and bad terrorists, nor must they act as sanctuaries and safe havens for terrorist organisations.
we reaffirmed the urgent necessity for pakistan to dismantle safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks including lashkar-e-toiba, jaish-e-mohammad and d company.
secretary kerry and i also agreed on the need for pakistan to do more to bring the perpetrators of the 2008 mumbai and 2016 pathankot terrorist attacks to justice quickly, she said.
kerry echoed his counterpart: we cannot and will not distinguish between good and bad terrorists us stands with india on all matters of terrorism, no matter where it comes from.
its crystal clear we are on the same view over it.
watch video: there should be no distinction between good and bad terrorists- kerryswaraj said they spoke on the need to strengthen the international legal regime to counter terrorism.
we agreed on additional measures to strengthen our counter-terrorism cooperation, specifically, to work for early operationalisation of the agreement on exchange of information on known or suspected terrorists.
we will also intensify intelligence sharing and continue to work closely to get terrorist entities listed by the un system, by coordinating our approach to the un 1267 committee.
i thanked secretary kerry for his reiteration of continued us support to indias membership of the nuclear suppliers group and permanent membership of the un security council.
we both agreed that indias enhanced global role is in mutual interest.
we also had detailed discussions on the developments in our region, particularly afghanistan.
we have agreed to work together to strengthen the national unity government in afghanistan.
we have decided to widen our consultations to more effectively address the rapidly evolving regional and global situation.
we will hold consultations on africa and on multilateral issues within this year.
we have also strengthened our cooperation in the area of peacekeeping, she said.
on the bilateral side, our partnership now covers every aspect of human endeavour.
in this context, there have been a series of sustained ministerial exchanges in the areas of defence, finance, urban development, commerce and industry, power, environment and forests, petroleum and natural gas among others.
more such exchanges are planned in the coming months.
lancaster county authorities in the us have suggested that the killing of a 43-year-old indian-origin store owner there may not be a hate crime.
(representational image) lancaster county authorities in the us have suggested that the killing of a 43-year-old indian-origin store owner there may not be a hate crime.
(representational image)lancaster county authorities in the us have suggested that the killing of a 43-year-old indian-origin store owner there may not be a hate crime.
harnish patel, 43, the owner of a convenience store in lancaster county, south carolina, was found dead of gunshot wounds in the front yard of his home on thursday.
watch video | diplomats open channels following several attacks on indian-origin people in usthe county sheriff has pointed out that this may not be a hate crime, sources said.
local authorities are investigating.
we will remain in touch with them, they said.
consulate general of india, atlanta, is in touch with the family.
it is deputing a consular official to meet the family and offer condolences and any required assistance.
it is also in touch with the local community organisation of expat indians, including those from gujarat, they added.
our consul has reached lancaster and met the family of harnish patel.
she said the investigation in the case was in progress.
swaraj also offered her condolences to the bereaved family.
there have been a series of attacks on indian-americans in the us in recent weeks.
a 39-year-old sikh man was shot outside his home on friday by a partially-masked gunman who shouted go back to your own country.
last month, 32-year-old indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla was killed when 51-year-old us navy veteran adam purinton opened fire at him and his friend alok madasani, yelling get out of my country.
b'union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is in myanmar for the first high-level indian visit since aung san suu kyis national league took power.
the visit comes just as indians have been served an unpleasant reminder that nagalands long insurgency, an historic peace deal signed last year notwithstanding, is still underway.
last week, indian troops staged a cross-border strike on a military outpost of the national socialist council of nagalims s.s. khaplang-led faction  part of a process of retaliation for the killings, in may, of six indian soldiers by the insurgent group.
low-level cross-border attacks like these have taken place for decades, but in 2015, new delhi had hyped one such cross-border strike, carried out in the wake of a murderous ambush that claimed the lives of 18 indian soldiers.
learning from experience that chest-thumping doesnt serve its interests, new delhi has now asserted its forces didnt cross the border  a claim that myanmar, ever sensitive on sovereignty issues, has been quick to endorse.
the truth, however, is that both countries have a shared interest in seeing an end to the insurgency, and its undertow of gangsterism, extortion and drug-trafficking.
swarajs agenda is a broad one: her meetings with myanmars new president, u htin kyaw, as well as aung san suu kyi herself, span everything from the upcoming brics summit to regional economic cooperation.
it is to be hoped, though, that the external affairs minister will take the time to discuss what can be done to push forward on containing the threat from khaplangs insurgents.
the problem isnt easy to solve.
khaplang is a partner in myanmars own peace talks with its ethnic groups, but sees no interest in a peace deal that confines him to that country alone, leaving out konyak nagas on the indian side of the border.
he has no equities, either, in indias pursuit of peace with the rival nscn faction led by thuingaleng muivah, representing, in the main, tangkhul nagas.
in a purely tactical sense, it is thus logical for khaplang to use violence to disrupt the peace process, in the hope of securing a better deal from the two governments.
myanmar is best positioned, though, to pressure khaplang to take what is on offer  and swaraj should use theopportunity to impress on her hosts that doing so would bring peace and stability to both sides of the border.
swaraj was the chief guest at tuesdays event.
reuters/darren ornitz swaraj was the chief guest at tuesdays event.
reuters/darren ornitzrussian envoy nikolay kudashev has hailed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for her personal contribution in strengthening ties between india and russia that he described as second to none.
speaking at an event to mark russia day on tuesday, kudashev said friendship and strategic partnership of russia and india has all the prerequisites to thrive and blossom for the security and prosperity of not only the two countries but also the world at large.
swaraj was the chief guest at tuesdays event.
let me take this opportunity to, first and foremost, thank our chief guest sushmaswaraj swaraj-ji for her personal valuable contribution to the strengthening of ties and cooperation between our countries, which are second to none, the envoy said.
india and russia share a robust cooperation, especially in the areas of nuclear energy and defence.
moscow is new delhis major supplier of defence equipment and spare parts.
the two countries have diplomatic ties for the past 71 years and this year also marks the 25th anniversary of the treaty on friendship and cooperation between the two countries.
russia is one of the few nations with whom india holds an annual summit.
last month, president vladimir putin and prime minister narendra modi had an informal summit in sochi in russia.
putin will be in india in october for the annual summit between the two countries.
it comes as no surprise that it is our common goal to continue fulfilling the inexhaustible potential of russia-india trade, investment, technological, scientific and cultural interaction as well as strengthening our cooperation multilaterally in the near future and beyond, the envoy said.
b'new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with chief executive officer and head of the council of the ministers of afghanistan, abdullah abdullah during a meeting in new delhi on monday.
pti photo by kamal singh new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with chief executive officer and head of the council of the ministers of afghanistan, abdullah abdullah during a meeting in new delhi on monday.
pti photo by kamal singhprime minister narendra modi monday reiterated indias commitment towards building a stable and democratic afghanistan as he met afghan governments chief executive officer and head of council of ministers abdullah abdullah in the capital.
the afghan leader was also told about indias desire to support more small development projects in the coming years.
the prime minister expressed deep gratitude towards the government and the national security forces of afghanistan for their bravery and sacrifice in order to protect indians, especially during the attack on the indian consulate in mazar-e-sharif on january 4-5, 2016, read a statement issued by the ministry of external affairs.
the pm reiterated indias commitment to extend all possible support to the efforts of the afghan people in building a peaceful, stable, prosperous, inclusive and democratic country, it stated.
at the meeting, abdullah abdullah recalled pm modis visit to afghanistan in december last year and credited it for re-energising strategic partnership between the two countries.
during the visit, the new afghan parliament building, constructed with aid from india, was inaugurated.
the afghan leader later held a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during which india approved the third phase of 92 small development projects in afghanistan.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will next month lead in commemorating the 125th anniversary of mahatma gandhis eviction from a trains whites-only compartment, which inspired him to launch the satyagraha movement against the british in south africa and in india.
on the night of june 7, 1893, mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer, was thrown off the trains first class compartment at pietermaritzburg station for refusing to give up his seat.
the incident led him to develop his satyagraha principles of peaceful resistance and mobilise people in south africa and in india against the discriminatory rules of the british.
the two-day commemoration will commence with a dinner and address by swaraj and other dignitaries to about 500 guests on june 6, indian high commissioner to south africa, ruchira kamboj, said.
the following day about 300 dignitaries, including leading south african politicians, will join swaraj in a symbolic train ride from pentrich station to pietermaritzburg station.
for the event, train coaches and engine will be draped with khadi, a hand-woven fabric synonymous with mahatma gandhi, she said.
making an announcement about the event in pietermaritzburg yesterday, kamboj said khadi, which became the symbol of resistance by gandhi against the british rule, would be specially imported from india for the occasion.
the event  the vision of prime minister narendra modi  would bind south africa and india which shared the legacy of gandhi.
125 years ago mahatma gandhi who was as much south african as he was indian, was removed from a first-class rail compartment and from there began a new journey that was to transform india and indeed the entire world, kamboj said, reminding the influence gandhi had on other great leaders like nelson mandela and martin luther king.
she said the 125th commemoration was a precursor to gandhis 150th birth anniversary, for which year-long celebrations were being planned in india from october 2.
she also said the event would be broadcast live in both india and south africa by countries national public broadcasters, the doordarshan and the south african broadcasting corporation.
apart from these, the incident of gandhi being thrown off the train on a cold winter evening would be re-enacted, and his a two-sided bust would be installed on the station platform.
one side of the bust will feature mahatma gandhi as a lawyer in the western attire he wore when he came to south africa, while the other side will show mahatma gandhi in his indian dress in which he left south africa after 21 years, returning to transform india kamboj said.
an interactive digital museum, sponsored by the indian government, will also be launched at the station on the day, she added.
maneka gandhi, prakash javadekar.
maneka gandhi, prakash javadekar.
following concerns raised by single mothers, women and child development minister maneka gandhi has written to hrd minister prakash javadekar, urging him to change the rule that requires fathers name to be mandatorily mentioned on a students degree certificate.
last year, at the behest of maneka, the ministry of external affairs had revised its passport application rules and announced that the name of only one parent, and not both, was enough, enabling single parents to apply for passports for their children.
i have been approached by several women who are separated from their husbands and who face problems getting degree certificates issued for their children without their fathers name, reads the letter written by maneka to javadekar.
she explains in her letter that breakdown of marriages and separation between husband and wife is now a reality and rules must reflect this.
keeping in view the sensitivity of the single/separated mother, we need to make a provision for this purpose by changing rules/guidelines, the letter adds.
priyanka gupta, a single parent, had initiated a petition last year on change.org, asking for passport rules to be altered, so that she was not required to mention her husbands name on her daughters passport.
the petition was addressed to maneka and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
subsequently, maneka had written to swaraj and a three-member committee comprising officials of the two ministries was constituted.
months later, the mea announced the revised set of passport rules and declared that the name of only one parent was enough and that married applicants will not have to produce a marriage certificate and share their spouses name if they were separated or divorced.
the slippers as available on amazon us.
(screenshot/amazon) the slippers as available on amazon us.
(screenshot/amazon)close on the heels of the indian flag incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now received several complaints of amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhis image.
some twitter users have tagged swaraj in their tweets complaining that the beach sandals with gandhis image were being sold on the amazon us site.
watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatswhen asked, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup did not specifically mention about the issue, saying, as a follow up to the matter regarding the sale of doormats with the indian flag on amazon, our ambassador in washington has been instructed to convey to amazon that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments.
the posting on the amazon says, cafepress  gandhi flip flops  flip flops, funny thong sandles, beach sandles with a listed price of usd 16.
99.
earlier this week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
b'jaiveer shergill cited an american embassy note of 2005, released by wikileaks in which arun jaitley argued that hindu nationalism will always be a talking point for the bjp and characterised this as an opportunistic issue.
jaiveer shergill cited an american embassy note of 2005, released by wikileaks in which arun jaitley argued that hindu nationalism will always be a talking point for the bjp and characterised this as an opportunistic issue.
the congress on tuesday hit back at the bjp over its allegation that rahul gandhi and sonia gandhi had defamed hindus globally as its cited an old wikileaks expose on its leader arun jaitleys reported remark that his party uses hindu nationalism as a tool to attract votes.
the bjp before attacking rahul gandhi on wikileaks should explain arun jaitleys remark that bjp uses hindu nationalism as a tool to attract votes, party leader jaiveer shergill said.
he cited an american embassy note of 2005, released by wikileaks in which jaitley argued that hindu nationalism will always be a talking point for the bjp and characterised this as an opportunistic issue.
shergill also said the bjp should explain how jaitley agreed with the american charge deaffairs point that narendra modi was a polarising personality.
the congress accused bjp leaders of being the protectors and lawyers of absconders and fraudsters and demanded the resignation of union ministers jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj, besides rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
shergill also accused the bjp of siphoning off all the cash from banks saying that is why the atms have gone dry.
he asked modi to explain where has the countrys cash gone which was deposited in the banks after demonetisation.
shergill in fact posed five questions to the prime minister on a range issues like the cash crunch in atms, recent rapes of minors in unnao and kathua, dilution of the sc/st act, the cbse paper leak case and asked him when he will break his silence on the recent bank scams involving nirvav modi and mehul choksi, besides the rise in turnover in jay shah and piyush goyals companies.
he accused the bjp of stooping low when it questioned rahul gandhi for granting a party ticket to a lawyer who represented absconding diamond trader mehul choksi.
the bjp brigade is the biggest spokesperson, protector and lawyer of all the absconders and fraudsters of this nation who have taken benefit of bjps udaan scheme for scamsters who have taken away the money of this nation, he said.
he said the bjp before questioning allocation of ticket to lawyer of choksi, should first ask for resignation of jaitley, swaraj and raje because they and their family members were lawyers of absconders and fraudsters and the company which killed indians in the country in the capacity of lawyers that represented and defended them.
on the infighting within the congress over allocation of party tickets in karnataka, shergill said it is a sure sign of a party coming to power where all workers would like to participate in the process of election.
it is rather unfortunate that all aspirants cannot be given tickets for the limited number of seats.
we respect the feelings of those people who have not got the ticket.
rahul gandhi is the representative and the congress will engage with those ticket aspirants, pacify them and would make them part of future government in the state of karnataka and i am sure they will have a smiling face once again, he said.
iranian foreign minister javad zarifs visit to delhi this week was part of tehrans effort to mobilise international political support in its confrontation with america.
in the last few days, washington has raised an alarm about unspecified new threats from iran.
media reports from washington say the us has plans to deploy more than 1,00,000 troops to the gulf.
meanwhile, the commander of irans revolutionary guards has said iran is on the cusp of a full scale confrontation with the enemy.
iran had been threatening to disrupt oil supplies from the region if its own energy exports are blocked by the us.
washington sees tehrans hand in the recent attacks on saudi oil tankers in the gulf.
advertisingfor now, delhi appears to have deflected zarifs request for political solidarity.
but the foreign policy establishment in delhi knows that, whatever the outcome of the election, indias room for manoeuvre in the gulf is limited.
at least three challenges stare at india.
first, despite the traditional temptation to posture against us unilateralism, delhi has shown little appetite in the past to jeopardise its growing american equities for the sake of iran.
the upa government, for example, chose to secure indias own nuclear deal with the us rather than defend irans nuclear transgressions during 2005-08.
delhis pragmatism was vindicated when iran concluded a nuclear deal of its own with the us in 2015.
second, the current crisis is not merely about us hostility to iran.
it is, even more, about the deepening conflict between iran and its arab neighbours  especially saudi arabia and the united arab emirates.
the nda government is acutely conscious of the big political gains it has made with these two arab states in the last five years.
as part of their campaign to win indian empathy, both saudi arabia and the uae have promised to make up for the loss of iranian oil supplies under us sanctions.
whether delhi acknowledges it or not, any cold calculation surely tilts the diplomatic scales towards the us and the arabs.
yet, delhi knows that a new gulf war would impose huge political and economic costs not only on the region but also on india.
that points to the third challenge.
rather than duck the difficult issues or offer empty rhetoric, delhi must consider promoting regional reconciliation between iran and the gulf arabs.
south block professionals must draft a gulf peace initiative for the consideration of the next government when it takes charge in a few days time.
the obstacles to such an initiative are real, but a genuine diplomatic effort offers a necessary moral complement to indias realpolitik in the gulf.
bangladesh prime minister shekh hasina inspects a guard of honor during a ceremonial reception at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi on saturday (pti photo by atul yadav) bangladesh prime minister shekh hasina inspects a guard of honor during a ceremonial reception at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi on saturday (pti photo by atul yadav)ahead of her meeting with prime minister narendra modi, bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina was accorded a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on saturday.
she also paid respects to father of the nation mahatma gandhi at rajghat.
this is her third visit to india in three years.
hasina, who is on a four-day visit to india, will be discussing bilateral relations with pm modi later in the day.
the two south asian leaders are expected to discuss framework on civil nuclear energy agreement which will provide for extensive cooperation in the sector, including setting up of nuclear reactors in bangladesh by india.
india is also expected to announce a line of credit of $500 million to bangladesh for military supplies.
the two sides are likely to sign at least 25 pacts in key sectors.
india and bangladesh may also call for setting up of trade facilitation huts along the northeast borders.
however, teesta water sharing issue is likely to be dropped.
officials in new delhi had earlier said, it will be a visit without water.
the bangladesh prime minister will also be visiting ajmer on sunday and meet indian business leaders the following day.
hasina also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shortly after she landed on friday.
breaking protocols, pm modi had reached the palam technical air force base to personally receive the bangladesh pm.
usually, it is a minister of state or a senior official of the external affairs ministry who receives foreign dignitaries visiting india.
pm modi and hasina will also be attending sommanona ceremony in saturday evening to honour indian martyrs who lost their lives during the bangladesh liberation war.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the brics meet.
(twitter/@meaindia) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the brics meet.
(twitter/@meaindia)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday underlined that multilateralism, international trade and rules based world order was facing strong head-winds as she called for joint action by the brics nations against money laundering, terrorist-financing and de-radicalisation.
swaraj, who is on a five-day trip to south africa, was attending brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers meeting.
the meeting is expected to lay the foundation for the annual summit of the grouping in johannesburg next month.
india attaches importance to the role of brics in consolidating intra-brics cooperation and in international affairs, she was quoted as saying by a statement by the ministry of external affairs.
swaraj called for joint action of the brics nations against challenges to long-term growth.
though, the global growth has exhibited signs of recovery, the challenges to long-term growth continue to persist.
ensuring that the benefits of globalisation are shared widely remains a challenge, she added.
our leaders have also called for making un counter terrorism framework efficient and effective.
we reiterate our commitment to implement our leaders mandate on counter terrorism under south africas brics chairship, she said.
the other foreign ministers attending the meeting were chinas wang yi, south africas lindiwe sisulu, brazils marcos bezerra abbott galvao and russias sergey lavrov.
brics cooperation in strategic areas of security, counter-terrorism, un reforms, peacekeeping, de-radicalisation, cyber security, energy security, global governance, and international and regional hot-spot issues are deliberated in detail during national security advisors meetings, she said.
it is imperative now that the common ground reached in our nsas meeting on setting up a brics security forum is implemented fully, she said.
we also welcome the focus on technology as the engine of future-growth and its significance for future generations and their employment prospects, she added.
swaraj will also chair a meeting of foreign ministers of ibsa (india, brazil, south africa), another bloc working to deepen coordination among the three countries on major global issues.
b'prime minister of nepal kp sharma oli prime minister of nepal kp sharma olilast week, prime minister k.p. sharma oli laid the foundation of pokhara international airport, nepals second, being built with chinese assistance and soft loan.
oli was joined by maoist chief prachanda and all major party leaders in a show of appreciation for the chinese initiative likely to be completed in four years.
and in a strange coincidence, this happened during a phase when nepal-india relations have nosedived like never before.
nothing would illustrate it more clearly than the serves-you-right response so visible in nepals power corridor and intelligentsia when the organisation of islamic countries resolution on jammu and kashmir was challenged by india with a warning not to interfere in its internal matters in future.
nepal authorities had made a similar protest when india and the european union had jointly asked nepal to address inadequacies in its constitution at the end of last month.
china making much inroads into nepal is something even the indian authorities have come to acknowledge.
but what divides the indian response is whether its at the cost of indias image, influence and interest in its crucially important neighbourhood.
congress leader mani shankar aiyar sarcastically congratulated prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for having successfully pushed nepal towards china.
in a piece with many dos and donts, prem shankar jha suggested that india shouldnt be treating nepal like a protectorate.
but the senior babus (some retired by now), who authored and literally dictated the course and agenda of nepali politics since 2005  with upa political bosses visibly indifferent  continue to harp that anti-indianism in nepal is the doing of only a small group of hill elites confined to kathmandu.
that only shows the gap between perception and reality as anti-indianism is visibly widespread from the hills to plains.
oli and the ruling coalition dominated by the left are getting positive responses from the people across the country for having stood up to india, mainly for what it has done without accountability in nepals internal politics.
although this doesnt guarantee olis survival in power for long, hes praised by many for his efforts to oppose the outside role (that is, indias) in nepals politics and constitution-making.
in fact, nepals ruling coalition  which had continued to give some benefit of doubt, particularly to modi, till recently  didnt take kindly to the eu-india resolution on nepals constitution in brussels at modis initiative.
the foundation laying of the pokhara airport  a project that was agreed upon at the prime ministerial level during olis visit to beijing in march  was formalised with a rare show of solidarity among nepals political parties.
nepal is already considering waving the visa fee for the chinese.
indian immigration, on the other hand, has already started stamping nepali passports at airports, diluting the spirit of open boarders and hassle-free movement for all these years.
the relation is clearly losing the much talked about special component.
the two sides have hardly begun any exercise to address the misunderstandings and the visible fallouts.
yet, nepals leaders are more confused about how to go about this, since they have been the biggest beneficiaries of the india-dictated changes.
they have been able to exercise absolute power without accountability  more than the king(s) did in the past.
when india led the initiative for international support for the political movement in nepal in april 2006, it had two ostensible concerns: first, since king gyanendra was playing the china card, the maoists and other key parties, minus the monarchy, would be a more favourable experiment.
second, india would for a long time have the lead role, if not a monopoly, in directing nepals politics.
both have proven wrong.
sushma swaraj at an event in new delhi on tuesday.
a year after bangladeshs opposition leader khaleda zia did not meet president pranab mukherjee during his first ever bilateral visit to the country, the big question in bangladeshs power corridors is will she meet the visiting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj this time?
while new delhi has not yet officially confirmed a scheduled meeting between swaraj and zia, the indian express has learnt that efforts are underway from both sides for a meeting.
however, going by the past experience, the indian high commission in dhaka is working quietly for a meeting, as this time zias office has shown keenness for it.
zias decision to not meet mukherjee in march 2013 had sparked widespread outrage prompting the bangladesh nationalist party leaders to privately regret the decision with the indian side.
while no official statement of regret has been issued by zias bnp, private regrets have been expressed to indian interlocutors, including to foreign secretary sujatha singh.
this time, prime minister sheikh hasina-led awami leagues government has been arguing that the visiting external affairs minister need not meet zia as she is not the leader of opposition.
however, the indian side which is now being represented by a new leadership, wants to touch base with all the political parties.
in fact, the indian side is working for meetings with jatiya partys leader general ershads wife roshan  who is the leader of opposition in the present parliament.
while meetings are still being worked out by the two sides, the bangladesh government is pulling out all stops to lay the red carpet for swaraj as foreign minister a h mahmood ali is expected to depart from protocol receive her at the dhaka airport on wednesday.
while no big ticket items are expected, india is likely to raise concerns over illegal migration while dhaka is likely to raise the land boundary agreement and teesta water treaty.
discussions will also take place on trade, energy cooperation and security matters.
officials said swarajs decision to choose bangladesh for her first stand-alone visit abroad reflects the importance india attaches to its relationship with the neighbouring country.
swaraj is likely to carry a goodwill message for prime minister hasina, who couldnt attend modis swearing-in as she was on a foreign trip.
speaker shirin sharmin chaudhury had represented bangladesh at the event.
during her visit, swaraj will hold talks with her counterpart and call on president abdul hamid besides meeting prime minister hasina.
the minister will also engage with think tanks, chambers of commerce and industry and cultural organisations.
the two sides are also expected to discuss dates for the next joint consultative commission meeting which will prompt a visit by the bangladesh foreign minister in the near future.
b'raising the issue of the missing indians during the zero hour, pratap singh bajwa charged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with having misled parliament and the nation on the issue.
raising the issue of the missing indians during the zero hour, pratap singh bajwa charged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with having misled parliament and the nation on the issue.
congress members in rajya sabha on monday accused the government of misleading parliament on the issue of 39 indian youths going missing in iraq two years ago, with an akali dal member also seeking an update on the matter.
raising the issue of the missing indians during the zero hour, pratap singh bajwa (congress) charged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with having misled parliament and the nation on the issue.
in june 2014, he said 40 people, mostly from punjab, west bengal and himachal pradesh, were kidnapped by the isis.
bajwa said one harjeet, belonging to gurdaspur district, had managed to escape and later gave a statement that all the indians were killed before his eyes.
the congress mp said swaraj had then assured akali dal leaders that the government had information from six sources which confirmed that all these people were alive.
asking the prime minister to send an all-party delegation to iraq to know the ground reality, bajwa said if the abducted youths were alive, they should be brought back or else their parents should be informed that they are no longer alive.
we have been taking the nation and parliament for a ride for two years, he added.
senior party mp ambika soni also said: we want to know what has happened to those 39 people.
watch video: whats making newsassociating himself with the sentiments of the congress mps, naresh gujral, member of nda partner akali dal, demanded that the external affairs minister make a statement on the issue.
nominated member k t s tulsi raised the issue of suicide by farmers in the country, while ram kumar kashyap (inld) demanded that mps be allowed to use their constituency development fund for asset repair and maintenance.
congress member p l punia said the new adverstisment policy of davp was hurting small and medium newspapers and said the government did not consult the stakeholders while coming out with the new policy.
he asked the government to review the policy in consultation with small and medium newspapers.
sushma swaraj tweeted that devendra singh, an indian national, on board chemical tanker ship nu shi nalini required emergency medical help.
(source: express photo by praveen khanna) sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that devendra singh, an indian national, on board chemical tanker ship nu shi nalini required emergency medical help.
(source: express photo by praveen khanna)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday took up the cause of a sick indian sailor on board a chemical tanker near yemen and got him immediate help.
she tweeted that devendra singh, an indian national, on board chemical tanker ship nu shi nalini required emergency medical help, and tagged defence minister manohar parrikar, indian navy and the defence ministry spokesperson in her tweets.
indian national devendra singh on board nu shi nalini of elektrans shipping +870773934314 presently near port of hodeidah yemen requires emergency medical help, she tweeted.
the navy soon responded that the matter had been taken up with the shipping company and that a doctor was in touch with the ship.
matter taken up thru dg shipping with shipping company.
officers condition has improved & all assistance being provided by company, the navy spokesperson @indiannavy responded on twitter.
company doctor in touch with ship.
dg shipping also monitoring the situation.
ship presently at al houdeydah port & officer recuperating onboard, the navy said, adding that the ship was also in touch with the officers wife and providing her updates.
men and women attend sunday services at the gurudwara singh sabha of washington, a sikh temple in renton, wash.
, sunday, march 5, 2017, south of seattle.
(ap photo/ted s. warren) men and women attend sunday services at the gurudwara singh sabha of washington, a sikh temple in renton, wash.
, sunday, march 5, 2017, south of seattle.
(ap photo/ted s. warren)a sikh man who says a man shot him in the arm and told him to go back to his country is recovering from his wound at home in suburban seattle and is encouraged by an outpouring of support, community leaders said monday.
hira singh said he has talked to the 39-year-old indian man and his family by telephone and they are getting back to normal.
the victim is shaken up and concerned about the safety of his family, but he felt really, really blessed that he has survived with very little suffering and that hes received an enormous amount of support, said jasmit singh, another community leader.
police in the city of kent are investigating the friday night shooting as a hate crime and the fbi has joined the investigation.
no arrests have been made so far, police cmdr.
jarod kasner said.
seattle fbi spokeswoman ayn s. dietrich said the agency, in conjunction with the justice departments civil rights division, has also opened an investigation into the case to determine if there was a federal civil rights violation.
the fbis seattle office said it is committed to investigating crimes that are potentially hate-motivated.
the shooting has rattled members of the sikh community, which numbers about 50,000 in washington state.
at the sikh temple in nearby renton, where the victim has worshipped for about a decade, leaders told their faithful to keep calm and pray, said harminder singh, president of gurudwara singh sabha of washington.
he said the victim, who is married and has three children, works in the construction industry and is a nice guy.
while the shooting shocked everyone, the positive responses from the fbi, police and others have been reassuring, he said.
that sent a positive message to the whole congregation, harminder singh said.
kent police have not identified the victim or released other information about him.
but indias foreign minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, named him on twitter, saying, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a u.s. national of indian origin.
rai told police a man he didnt know came up to him friday night as he worked on his car in his driveway.
they argued, with the suspect telling rai to go back to his homeland, then shooting him in the arm, authorities said.
he described the shooter as 6 feet tall and white with a stocky build, police said.
he said the man was wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
all of the information that i have available at this time suggests that the information provided by the victim is credible, kent police chief ken thomas wrote in an email sunday.
the shooting comes after an indian man was killed and another wounded in a recent shooting at a kansas bar that federal agencies are investigating as a hate crime after witnesses say the suspect yelled get out of my country.
this hateful incident echoes the disturbing pattern of anti-immigrant, anti-semitic, and anti-muslim attacks in our state, and across the country, washington gov.
jay inslee said a statement sunday night.
these acts of violence are hateful, detestable, and un-american.
many in the seattle-area sikh community fear that one of their own was targeted and said theyre scared to go to the store or other public places.
some said they have noticed an uptick in name-calling and other racist incidents in recent months.
still others expressed hurt and disbelief at the lack of understanding and ignorance.
jasmit singh urged other sikhs to be aware of their surroundings and be open about having those conversations with the broader community.
he also called on those who arent sikh to address such violence.
this is not a sikh-american issue, a muslim-american issue or a jewish-american issue.
its really an american issue, he said.
what do we want america to look like and what are the values that it should reflect?
b'prime minister narendra modi completes one year in office on may 26.
it was sworn to power last year after a landslide elections.
(source: pti)on may 26, the narendra modi government, which was voted to power last year on the back of a commanding majority, will complete one year in office.
as leader of the government, prime minister narendra modi has certainly showed a marked shift in leadership and style of governance compared to the earlier upa regime but there are areas such as health and education where the administration is yet to show sustained progress.
electorally, 2014 may have been a successful year with victories in maharashtra, haryana, jharkhand and jammu and kashmir, but 2015 gave a rude shock to the ruling bjp with a humiliating defeat in the national capital of delhi.
[read: live updates of narendra modis china visit  day 1]interactive timeline: narendra modi governments one year in poweras the government completes one year in office, we have designed an interactive timeline that highlights many of the hits and misses of this government.
take a look.
timeline in textmay 26, 2014  sworn to power  after landslide elections, prime minister narendra modi and his cabinet are sworn in at an elaborate function in the forecourt of the rashtrapati bhawan.
may 27, 2014  hand to pakistan  the first day of pm modi in office was marked by a meeting with pakistan premier nawaz sharif and a handshake that was splashed across next days newspapers.
june 14, 2014  thrust on military might  the prime minister dedicated indias largest warship  ins vikramaditya  to the nation and pitched for making the country self-reliant on manufacturing defence equipment.
june 15, 2014  the bhutanese bond  as part of his first foreign visit, the prime minister chose bhutan, a land-locked himalayan country that has always been a great friend of india.
in bhutan, pm modi stressed that a happy neighbour is integral for indias progress.
june 21, 2014  biting the bullet  the modi government got its first taste of public protests after its decision to impose a rail fare hike and increase the import duty on sugar.
both decisions were highly slammed by opposition parties and the public.
july 14, 2014  brics in brazil  pm modis diplomatic efforts got a boost as he met chinese president xi jinping and russian president vladimir putin as part of the brics summit in brazil.
july 27, 2014  doubts of distrust  stray incidents of discrimination against minorities puts spotlight back on whether the modi administration is serious about maintaining equality for all.
one was an incident of a shiv sena lawmaker pushing food into the mouth of a muslim caterer, another indicating that india could become a hindu nation under modi.
august 3, 2014  road to kathmandu  the prime minister made his first visit to nepal in august in further indication that saarc countries remain his focus when it comes to extending indias foreign policy boundaries.
august 15, 2014  invoking the pradhan sevak  making his first independence day speech after becoming indias premier, narendra modi made a pitch for a swacch bharat and exhorted countrymen to make efforts to educate the girl child.
august 25, 2014  bypoll setback  in first elections after the modi government was voted to power, the ruling bjp lost out in a majority of the seats that went for elections in the states of uttar pradesh, west bengal.
august 28, 2014  jan dhan yojana  pm modi formally launched a massive financial inclusion programme named jan dhan yojana that aims to help provide a bank account for every household in the country.
september 5, 2014  the teachers day dilemma  the hrd ministrys directive to all schools across the country to live-stream pm modis teachers day speech provided discomfiture to a large section of the public.
many were enraged especially on social media as to how students were made to come to school on a day generally regarded as a holiday.
september 25, 2014  shiv sena break-up  the ruling bjp and the modi government were hit by a huge blow after hectic negotiations with the shiv sena, a 25- year-old ally, broke down thus leading to break-up of the alliance ahead of all-important maharashtra elections.
september 28, 2014  the madison magic  this is indias century: thats what pm modi told a sellout crowd at the madison square garden in new york as part of his historic us visit.
the pms meeting with president barack obama also led to widespread media coverage.
october 2, 2014  swacch bharat abhiyan  on the birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi, pm modi announced the initiation of swacch bharat abhiyan  a nationwide mission to clean indias streets and ensure sanitation.
he also called upon celebrities, fellow lawmakers and industrialists to pick up the broom for the cause.
october 19, 2014  electoral prowess  maharashtras decisive election results  which gave the bjp the maximum number of seats in the state assembly and a chance to form the government  was seen as public support for the modi government.
haryana too, for the first time, gave the bjp the first shot at power.
in both states, modi had campaigned aggressively to woo voters.
november 12, 2014  foreign outreach  pm modis foreign outreach continued with his attendance at the asean-india and the east asia summits held at naypyidaw in myanmar.
he also travelled to australia to set up meeting with pm tony abbott and a rare appearance at the sydney cricket ground.
december 1, 2014  the sadhvi saga  in a major embarrasment for the modi government, one of its ministers  sadhvi niranjan jyoti  made communal remarks at an election rally in delhi.
her use of the haraamzada expletive at the rally caused uproar in both houses of parliament in the winter session.
december 23, 2014  history in j&k  the bjp created history in jammu and kashmir by sweeping the jammu region and becoming the second-largest party in the state assembly elections.
it also won enough seats to form a government in jharkhand in an alliance with the ajsu.
the verdict in both states were testament to 2014 remaining a highly successful electoral year for the ruling bjp and its leader narendra modi.
january 7, 2015  the 4 kids dilemma  after sadhvi niranjan jyoti, it was the turn of another bjp lawmaker to embarrass the government with foot-in-the-mouth comments.
at a gathering of saints, sakshi maharaj, a saffron clad mp from unnao, stated that every hindu woman must produce at least 4 children to protect the religion.
once again, the remark was widely panned and the pms silence over it questioned.
january 23, 2015  beti bachao, beti padhao  reiterating the governments commitment to end discrimination against the girl child, pm modi launched a nationwide programme beti bachao, beti padhao exhorting citizens to prevent female foeticide and encourage girl child education.
january 26, 2015  the obamas in attendance  indias republic day celebrations this year had a high-profile guest  us president barack obama and first lady michelle obama.
as the elephants trumpeted and camels walked on the majestic rajpath, the obamas sat under a rain-drenched canopy admiring the parade.
february 10, 2015  delhi debacle  the ruling bjp got a crude shock as they were handed out a humiliating defeat by the aam aadmi party in the assembly elections in delhi.
the election proved that the modi effect would indeed be now waning.
february 28, 2015  prabhus rail budget  modis techno-minister suresh prabhu, the railways minister, presented his first budget announcing no increase in passenger fares but at the same time desisting from announcing new services as well.
march 15, 2015  general budget  finance minister arun jaitley presented the full fledged and much-awaited general budget 2015 that had a bit for every class of society.
from abolition of wealth tax to increase in service tax, the budget had both ups and downs.
march 22, 2015  man ki baat with kisaan  as his government battled extreme heat over the controversial land acquisition bill, pm modi spoke to thousands of farmers over the radio, trying to dispel rumours that his policies are anti-farmer.
he assured the farmers that his government would do nothing to upset farmers.
the tweet put an end to a massive rescue operation that the government had earlier launched in the war-torn country to save thousands of indians fleeing yemen.
april 17, 2015  three-nation tour  pm modi undertook a three-nation tour to france, germany and canada exhorting industralists and ceos to contribute to the make in india programme of the government.
april 25, 2015  himalayan earthquake  the modi governments swift and quick response to the nepal earthquake that flattened hundreds of buildings and killed more than 7,000 people was highly praise-worthy.
within forty minutes of the first tremors, modi had sent out his first tweet responding to the disaster.
may 7, 2015  historic land swap  foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj got a round of applause from all quarters in the parliament as members across treasury and opposition benches came together to pass a constitution amendment bill for a historic land boundary agreement with bangladesh.
(disclaimer: the interactive timeline is not visible on the app.
b'the government said in the lok sabha on tuesday that the un arbitration tribunals order allowing an italian marine to return home from india pending proceedings in a murder case had affirmed the authority of the supreme courts and not questioned it.
the two italian marines are accused of killing two fishermen off the kerala coast four years ago.
the congress staged a walkout as the party was not allowed to seek clarifications over finance minister arun jaitleys statement on behalf of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
jaitley said the tribunal had confirmed italys obligation to return sergeant girone to india in case indias jurisdiction over him was established.
the tribunal has also left it to the supreme court to fix precise conditions for his bail.
we see the tribunals order not just as a recognition of indias consistent positions and key arguments but also as an affirmation of the authority of the supreme court of india, he said.
the minister pointed out that the issue of jurisdiction, which was at the heart of the case, was yet to be even argued before the tribunal and the limited relief given on humanitarian considerations had been made contingent on the clear-cut undertakings given by italy that girone will return to india in case its jurisdiction was established.
watch indian express videos herehe said, the tribunal noted that while italy had earlier made a far-reaching request that, if granted, would have removed sergeant girone entirely from the reach of indias legal system, this time italy was only requesting india to relax the bail conditions to enable him to return to italy.
in doing so, italy was prepared to accept that he remained under the jurisdiction of the courts in india.
in essence, they proposed to change the physical location of sergeant girones bail without prejudice to the authority of indias courts.
rajya sabha mp shantaram naik.
(file) rajya sabha mp shantaram naik.
(file)rajya sabha member of parliament shantaram naik has asked union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to protect the interests of indians in qatar.
around 6,50,000 indians, including 10,000 goans are living and doing business in qatar, who according to a report, outnumber native qataris by almost 2:1 ratio, their interest should be protected, naik said in an email to swaraj this week.
naik said the whole nation is concerned on account of recent gulf crisis due to saudiled grouping of bahrain, egypt and the uae, yemen and surprisingly, maldives, cutting off diplomatic as well as, civil aviation and shipping ties with qatar.
naik further said that a local newspaper published from goa has reported that with the uncertain situation in qatar, a large number of goans and other indians began rushing to supermarkets and stores in doha to stock up on essential of food supply.
naik said india takes over 90 per cent of its natural gas import from qatar.
in addition, qatar is in process of building a domestic airline in india.
that itself puts india in a unique place.
saudi arabia, on the other hand is among the top suppliers of oil to india, naik said quoting a media report.
in view of a serious situation developing in qatar, india has to use diplomatic channels in the interest of indian population there, the mp said.
the government of india should not take things for granted, and that, prime ministers visits do not necessarily help in such matters, he said.
b'the modi governments most important departure from the past is in the framing of the china question itself.
the modi governments most important departure from the past is in the framing of the china question itself.
as the indian public discourse on china continues to oscillate between unmitigated romanticism and unreasonable hostility, prime minister narendra modi has settled down to a pragmatic engagement with beijing.
the nda governments three-way dialogue with the chinese leadership next week, involving external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister manohar parrikar and national security advisor ajit doval, is likely to reflect some of this new realism.
the upa government led by prime minister manmohan singh struggled to overcome many of the traditional weaknesses of indias china policy  the temptation to mask real differences, hide deep resentments in soaring rhetoric on friendship, pretend great convergence on global issues, and resist the natural expansion of indias economic cooperation with china.
modi has begun to turn this policy on its head.
delhi now acknowledges the enduring contradictions between the interests of the two countries at the bilateral, regional and global level, seeks to manage those responsibly, refuses to limit its relationship with other countries by looking over its shoulder at beijing, and rolls out the red carpet for chinese capital.
if the upa believed a solution was at hand after multiple rounds of negotiations, the nda government is quite sceptical.
modi is conscious that chinas rise over the last three decades put beijing in a higher league than delhi.
he is aware that china is under no compulsion to make the kind of territorial concessions that india would need to to make a boundary settlement work.
delhi also knows there is greater prospect for tension as india begins to match the chinese modernisation of infrastructure on the long and contested border.
modi is, therefore, building on the mechanisms devised during the upa years for better management of the border.
the frequency and intensity of border incursions appear to have come down since president xi jinping visited india in september 2014.
delhi is also conscious of the need to manage the broader impact of chinas rise on the subcontinent as a whole.
there is sufficient realism in delhi to recognise that india cant build a great wall against chinas growing economic penetration into the subcontinent.
after all, china is the worlds second-largest economy, the subcontinents neighbour.
if india itself is more open to chinese investments, it can hardly object to deepening economic links between the rest of the subcontinent and china.
this sobering recognition has shaped indias response to chinas grand belt and road initiative, which is moving massive amounts of chinese capital into the subcontinent and improving overland and maritime connectivity with south asia.
while the accusations from rawalpindi that delhi is actively sabotaging the china-pakistan economic corridor may be a reflection of general raheel sharifs paranoia, delhi has certainly objected to chinese investments in pakistan-occupied kashmir.
after all, china does the same, objecting to economic investments in indias arunachal pradesh that it claims is part of china.
but india has not opposed other elements of the belt and road initiative  for example, the so-called bcim corridor that seeks to connect southwestern china with myanmar, bangladesh and eastern india.
for delhi, the real challenge is not about taking a diplomatic position on the belt and road initiative.
it is about getting indias own act together on building infrastructure projects on and beyond its borders.
it has no option but to compete with china for economic influence in south asia and the indian ocean region.
the modi government is finally taking some steps in that direction.
delhi is also now ready to work with other countries, especially japan and the us, to offer alternatives to chinas regional connectivity projects.
for india, the challenge is more demanding in the security domain.
over the decades, india has neglected the development of defence diplomacy with its neighbouring countries, ceding much space to china.
what began as beijings special relationship with pakistan now extends to all of indias neighbours.
chinas arms and influence are seeping all across the subcontinent.
for delhi, the answer cant lie in objecting to chinas security cooperation with smaller neighbours.
it must be more sensitive to the political concerns of the south asian nations and offer attractive terms for military partnerships.
modi has lent greater energy and intensity to some of the regional security initiatives unveiled by the upa government.
the modi governments most important departure from the past is in the framing of the china question itself.
in the security domain, modi is betting that creating strategic leverage is more effective than meekly deferring to presumed chinese opposition to indias relations with third countries.
if the upa government consciously limited its defence cooperation with the us for fear of upsetting china, modis wager is that expanded cooperation with washington and tokyo could eventually help alter chinas calculus on matters of concern to india, especially beijings all-weather partnership with the pakistan army.
modis approach is not very different from that of beijing, which always had a keen appreciation for power politics.
even as he plays geopolitical hardball with china, he woos chinese investment with unprecedented vigour.
the upa government allowed security considerations to trump practical economic cooperation with beijing.
modi has calculated that as its economy slows down, china needs reliable foreign destinations for its capital.
the prime minister hopes that by raising chinese economic stakes in india, he might improve delhis overall terms of engagement with beijing.
all this is very different from the sentimentalism, political posturing and a deeply defensive attitude that long coloured indias china policy.
what we now have, instead, is a self-assured delhi that is ready to compete with beijing where it must and cooperate where it can.
although chinas absolute power in relation to india has dramatically risen in the last two decades, modi is demonstrating that a nimble india has much room for manoeuvre.
b'amid high drama,bjps flag yatra was stopped at the lakhampur border of jammu and kashmir with its three senior leaders being arrested even as they lashed out at the state government and the centre for committing a historic mistake.
a day after being thrown out of the jammu and kashmir,senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley and ananth kumar tried to re-enter the state along with the ekta yatra being led by the partys youth wing president anurag thakur but it was foiled by police which had put a barricade.
they were arrested for violating section 144 which prohibits assembly of more than four persons at any particular place.
what is our crime?
why are we being arrested?
earlier,swaraj and jaitley addressed a public meeting at madhopur on punjab border and vowed to go ahead with the plans to to unfurl the national tricolour at lal chowk in srinagar.
jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah has said if you visit the state,the separatists will be provoked.
this shows the psychological surrender (by the state government) before the separatistsit is a historic mistake, jaitley,leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha,said.
later,a group of activists were seen crossing the bridge on the river ravi on the punjab-j&k border where they were stopped by security forces.
the bjym activists continued to shout slogans demanding that they be allowed to proceed to srinagar to hoist the tricolour at lal chowk.
jaitley said when a group of separatists gathered in new delhi and made anti-india speeches,the government did not take action contending that freedom of speech was their right.
but when we took he tricolour to unfurl it at lal chowk,they dub it as a crime, he said.
jaitley said the central government too had shown a panic reaction to the yatra despite the bjps repeated appeals that their actions would not breach peace.
he said jan sangh founder shyama prasad mookerjee,whose ideology the bjp follows,had also faced similar resistance from the then prime minister jawaharlal nehru when he wanted to enter the state without the mandatory entry permit.
it was shyama prasad mookerjees supreme sacrifice that resulted in the revocation of the entry permit requirement in the state.
it also saw the election commission and the supreme court gain jurisdiction in the state, he said.
mookerjees sacrifice also was also the reason behind the centre doing away with the sadr-e-riyasat (prime minister) title to the chief minister of the state, jaitley said.
we told the authorities last night in jammu to either arrest or allow us to proceed further for the party rally there, she said.
there were two condemnable speeches,one from (jklf chief) yasin malik and another from omar abdullah.
yasin dared saying i will see who hoists flag and of which country.
i replied to that person that we will hoist flag and that of india, she said.
omar abdullah told us j-k govt cant provide security.
we dont want security,we dont expect it from you but allow us to enter jammu and kashmir.
allow us to hoist flag in lal chowk.
we dont want to confront our security forces.
we want to confront separatists.
if they kill us we wont hold you responsible mr abdullah, the leader of opposition in the lok sabha said.
we request dont stop us.
on mondays developments,she said,a policeman came inside our plane and told us to go back.
we didnt budge.
after 7 hours we were told we are under arrest and taken away in a car without knowing where we are heading towards.
we were left here (madhopur) in dark with no one around.
this is how you treat leaders of opposition?
jaitley said he along with swaraj had been illegally detained by the police on monday at jammu.
while sonia is reportedly uneasy that her son has not shown signs of growing into the role expected of him, she, nevertheless, still wants him to take over.
while sonia is reportedly uneasy that her son has not shown signs of growing into the role expected of him, she, nevertheless, still wants him to take over.
compromise formulareports in a section of the media last week that when the congress organisational elections are held at the end of the year, sonia gandhi may continue as president since her health has improved, can be taken with a pinch of salt.
the news stories seem to have emanated from those who fear they would be marginalised when rahul formally takes charge.
while sonia is reportedly uneasy that her son has not shown signs of growing into the role expected of him, she, nevertheless, still wants him to take over.
a compromise being contemplated is that while rahul becomes party president, sonia will take over as chairperson of the congress parliamentary board (cpb).
according to the party constitution, the cpb is, in fact, the real decision-making body, more powerful than the congress working committee.
but for some reason, there has been no cpb since 1991.
if the board is to be reconstituted, sonia could pick a majority of its 10 members from among her long-time advisers.
not a secretunlike the secrecy surrounding the announcement of ram nath kovinds name as the nda presidential candidate, till two days before m venkaiah naidu was nominated as its vice-presidential choice, there were rumours that he would get the prestigious post.
naidu only strengthened the suspicion by putting out an unusual statement last sunday evening, stating that it was not proper for the media to speculate on names for a constitutional post.
on monday morning, inside parliament, mps from different parties congratulated naidu on his vice-presidential nomination, long before it was officially announced.
naidu did not appear overly jubilant; he had hoped for the presidents post, not that of the v-p.
(he, however, explained his lack of enthusiasm by saying he was sad at having to leave the party he had worked for since childhood.
) ironically, even some of naidus fellow andhra mps from the tdp were unhappy with the ndas decision.
their objection was that naidu as minister for urban development had facilitated all of chief minister chandrababu naidus plans for the new capital amravati.
they felt that the state would now be at a disadvantage without a powerful godfather in the cabinet.
aam aadmi presidentunlike some of his predecessors, bjp president amit shah makes it a point not to travel by chartered planes, except during poll campaigns.
he generally takes commercial flights.
even when he travels to distant regions such as leh or the northeast, shah hops on to pawan hans choppers, that operate in the region, along with other passengers.
during official trips, he does not book into hotels but stays overnight with party workers at their homes.
he feels this gives him a better insight into the political mood in the region he is travelling.
unofficial bantwo english news channels have been so strident in supporting the ruling party and mocking the congress, that the congresss media cell has decided to ban spokespersons from appearing on them.
however, since the boycott is unofficial, not all congress members are aware that the channels have been blacklisted.
media in-charge randeep surjewala was upset when he saw a senior congress mp holding forth on his recently-released book on one of the blackballed channels.
he chided the mp, who explained that he had no clue about the ban.
staying putthe centre was puzzled that the attention-grabbing agitation by tamil nadu farmers had continued uninterrupted for nearly 100 days in delhi.
normally, demonstrators from outside the capital leave within a few days because they have no arrangements for food and shelter.
enquiries showed that the tamil farmers had discovered that the nearby gurdwara bangla sahib offers free food at its daily langars.
the farmers have developed a relationship with the gurdwara workers to such an extent that they are even being provided free accommodation at the gurdwara.
good reason why they dont feel inclined to pack up and go home.
no loss, only gainwhen m venkaiah naidu was filing his nomination for vice-president, sushmaswaraj swaraj joked that his new job would deprive him of two key passions  the media and frequent travels.
arun jaitley pointed out that, in fact, naidu would not be losing out.
he can still give his irrepressible sound bytes, since as chairperson of the upper house, he will have rajya sabha tv at his command.
and as v-p, he is entitled to use the air force special plane whenever he wants to travel on official work, either within the country or outside.
b'the cji retained the discretion to decide on transfer of a judge, irrespective of whether the judges relatives are lawyers in the same court.
the cji retained the discretion to decide on transfer of a judge, irrespective of whether the judges relatives are lawyers in the same court.
even as the tussle between the centre and higher judiciary over the revised memorandum of procedure (mop) for appointments to higher judiciary continues, the government has given in to the supreme court collegium on an important clause regarding transfer of high court judges over conflict of interest.
the law ministrys latest draft, dated june 21, shows that the government has accepted the collegiums view to do away with a stipulation on compulsory transfer of high court judges if their relatives are practising in the same court.
the procedure for transfer of a high court judge, including the chief justice, is provided under article 222 of the constitution.
the proposal for a transfer has to be made by the chief justice of india.
the previous mop said all transfers are to be made in public interest i.
e.
for promoting better administration of justice throughout the country.
however, the government sought a change in the mop.
in its draft prepared in may, the government proposed that transfer of a judge from one high court to another may be recommended only on account of administrative exigencies, conflict of interest with relatives practising at the bar, or at the request of the concerned judge.
objecting to this, the collegium said the words, conflict of interest with relatives practising at the bar, were not acceptable.
it wanted this to be substituted with, on the ground of conflict of interest if the situation sodemands.
the proposed change connoted two things.
first, it removed the condition that a judge would have to be compulsorily transferred if his relatives are practicing in the same court.
second, the chief justice of india retained the discretion to decide on transfer of a judge, irrespective of whether the judges relatives are lawyers in the same court.
watch video: whats making newsit is understood that the government climbed down from its stated position after chief justice of india t s thakur and union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who leads the inter-ministerial group on the mop, discussed this issue.
when swaraj and then union law minister d v sadananda gowda met the cji last month, they communicated to the collegium that the government had agreed to dilute the clause on mandatory transfer of such judges.
the government, in its response, said it had accepted the collegiums view and the previous provision on transfer of judges would be retained.
it agreed to the collegiums suggestion that the clause should read, on the ground of conflict of interest if the situation so demands.
meanwhile, advocate prashant bhushan, who argued for ngo cpil in the batch of cases that culminated in quashing the national judicial appointments commission (njac), said the judges should be shifted out if their immediate relatives were practising in the same court.
i am of the view that it would be improper if a judge continues when his immediate relatives, including spouse, children, siblings and parents, are practicing in the same court, he said.
bhushan added that the mop can be challenged if it is violative of the supreme court judgment or threatens any fundamental principle of the constitution.
judges have to be moved out if their kith and kin are practicing.
when the judges sons and daughters are practicing in the same court, we often see them getting engaged on the best of panels of the government.
everybody knows who they are and they try to appease them, said delhi high court bar association president rajiv khosla.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj flanked by ministers of state for external affairs, mj akbar and gen vk singh, addresses a press conference over the death of 39 indians who were abducted by isis in iraq, in new delhi on tuesday.
pti external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj flanked by ministers of state for external affairs, mj akbar and gen vk singh, addresses a press conference over the death of 39 indians who were abducted by isis in iraq, in new delhi on tuesday.
ptithe opposition parties tuesday slammed the nda government for making an announcement on the deaths of 39 indians in mosul in parliament before intimating their families, calling it insensitive and unpardonable.
the congress demanded that swaraj should meet each family and publicly apologise to them, while aap leader and kharar mla kanwar sandhu called for her resignation.
congress leader shashi tharoor also accused the government of giving false hopes and said the performance of the government in dealing with this crisis has been disappointing.
read | six statements in 2 years: they are alive and safereacting on twitter, national conference leader omar abdullah said: nothing govt of india says can make up for the sheer heartlessness displayed today.
using parliament as an excuse for the families of 39 dead indians having to learn of their heartbreaking loss from tv channels is unpardonable (sic).
earlier, congress president rahul gandhi also expressed shock and his deepest condolences at the killings.
in a tweet, he said: im shocked to hear that 39 indians who were in captivity since 2014, in iraq, are now confirmed dead.
my deepest condolences to the families of those who have lived in hope, that their loved ones will return unharmed.
read | indians killed in iraq: for 4 years, swinging between hope, despaira group of 40 indian workers, mostly from punjab, were taken hostage by terror outfit isis when it overran iraqs second largest city mosul in 2014.
of the 40 indians, one harjit masih from gurdaspur had managed to escape and had claimed to have witnessed the massacre of the others.
but the government rejected his claim.
congress leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said the ministry of external affairs had forcefully asserted in parliament last year that the abducted indians were alive, but was now saying they were dead.
the party claimed that the government hurriedly made the announcement as it feared it would be exposed by martyrs foundation, an iraqi group.
the party has demanded adequate compensation and honourable funeral for the dead.
hitting back, union food processing minister and akali dal mp harsimrat kaur badal accused the opposition leaders of playing politics over an unfortunate incident.
b'odisha chief minister naveen patnaik.
odisha chief minister naveen patnaik.
odisha chief minister naveen patnaik today sought steps from the centre to provide visa on arrival facility and a stop in bhubaneswar of air indias colombo-varanasi flight.
the chief minister made the requests in separate letters to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and civil aviation minister a gajapathi raju.
the state government has established international connectivity recently with air asia starting its operations between bhubaneswar and kuala lumpur.
the state government is providing viability gap funding to the international carrier for its operations, patnaik said in his letter to swaraj.
stating that there has been a good response to this international connectivity with indian citizens travelling abroad through bhubaneswar, he said a sizeable number of foreign arrivals have also been noticed.
in order to facilitate the travel of arriving tourists, it is requested that bhubaneswar be included as a visa on arrival station for citizens of the eligible nations, patnaik said.
it would encourage people from countries connected by the recently launched international connectivity and boost tourist footfalls to our state, he said.
in his letter to raju, the chief minister said launching of air india flight from colombo to varanasi recently would be useful in promotion of heritage tourism and in increasing the traffic from sri lanka into india.
emphasising that odisha is a land of rich cultural heritage where emperor ashoka converted to buddhism and spread the message across the world, he said the diamond triangle of buddhist sites has conclusively established that odisha was an important centre of buddhism during 3rd century bc.
in the recently held international buddhist conclave and other discussions in different fora, the tour operators, academicians and revered monks from sri lanka have expressed strong desire to come to odisha to explore buddhist sites, the chief minister said.
however, as there is no direct air connectivity, sri lankan tourist find it difficult to visit odisha, he said.
in order to meet this strong, unmet demand, i would request that bhubaneswar may be included as a stop for the colombo-varanasi flight.
this will help in increasing the tourist footfalls for both odisha and varanasi, the chief minister said.
activists hold posters which read jokowi, stop the executions!
during a candle light vigil against death penalty outside the presidential palace in jakarta, indonesia, thursday, july 28, 2016.
(ap photo/dita alangkara) activists hold posters which read jokowi, stop the executions!
during a candle light vigil against death penalty outside the presidential palace in jakarta, indonesia, thursday, july 28, 2016.
(ap photo/dita alangkara)four prisoners who were involved in a drug smuggling case faced the firing squad in indonesia on thursday.
an indian, who was among the prisoners, has not been executed yet, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed.
indonesias decision to bring back the death penalty has met backlash from several international organisations including european union (eu) and united nations (un).
the united nations described the rising number of executions in indonesia as alarming and asked the country to stop executions of 14 convicts, who are set to face the death penalty by this weekend, as per attorney general hm prasetyo.
indonesia is not the only country though where the death penalty is still legal.
according to amnesty international, as of july 2015, the capital punishment still continues to be legal in 58 countries.
a total of 101 countries have abolished the death penalty for all crimes in law while 140 countries have abolished the death penalty in law or practice.
there are several countries, apart from indonesia, where the method of execution by gun firing/firing squad is still legal.
united statesronnie lee gardner was given a death sentence by firing squad in utah, usa, on june 18, 2010.
ronnie lee gardner was given a death sentence by firing squad in utah, usa, on june 18, 2010.
in the united states, the method of execution is still followed in two states, oklahoma and utah.
the state of utah, in 2015, reinstated the death penalty by firing, when lethal injections were not available.
the state, in 2004, had abolished the practice.
the last time an execution by firing squad was practiced in utah, was back in the year 2010, when ronnie lee gardner, a convicted murder, was given the death sentence.
even though the state abolished the practice in 2004, gardner was given the sentence before 2004, and had the option to choose the method of execution.
watch| video of firing squad execution chamber after ronnie lee gardner put to deathasiain india, hanging is the method of execution in the civilian court system, according to the indian criminal procedure code.
under the 1950 army act, hanging as well as shooting are both listed as official methods of execution in the military court-martial system.
the number of people executed in india since independence in 1947 is a matter of dispute since there are no official figures.
the last execution took place in 2015 when yakub memon, responsible for the 1993 mumbai blasts, was hanged to death.
china traditionally used firing squads.
but in recent years china has begun using lethal injections and that is now believed to be the main technique.
the exact number of executions in china is a state secret, but it is thought to be the most in the world.
videos smuggled out of north korea reportedly show public executions by firing squad.
taiwans death row total stands at more than 100.
the number of executions, carried out by handgun shooting either to the heart or to the brain, declined after 2000 due to public opposition, with none between 2006 and 2009.
they resumed in 2010 following a change in president and renewed sentiment in favor of the policy.
vietnam, with nearly 700 people on death row, switched from firing squads to lethal injection on humanitarian grounds in 2011.
since then, it has only executed a handful of people because of the difficulty in acquiring the required drugs.
thailand executed prisoners by a machine gun or automatic rifle fired by an executioner until 2002, when the method was changed to lethal injection.
there have been no executions since 2009.
middle-eastin iran, saudi arabia and iraq, three countries that have some of the highest execution rates in the world, firing squads are rarely used.
in saudi arabia, the usual method of execution is beheading by a swordsman.
in 2013, a firing squad was used in the execution of seven men convicted of looting and armed robbery.
the united arab emirates uses firing squads for all executions, but death penalty sentences are rarely carried out.
the most recently reported execution was in january 2014.
europecapital punishment has been completely abolished across europe with the former soviet nation of belarus being the sole exception.
the exact number of people executed in belarus is believed to be three in 2014, according to human rights groups, but there is some uncertainty about that figure because of the general lack of transparency there.
it is believed to have been below 10 executions in the past decade.
execution is done by shooting in the back of the head, but the death penaltys use is shrouded in secrecy.
africain 2013, somalia executed 34 people while sudan put 21 to death, according to amnesty international.
somalia generally uses firing squads to carry out its death sentences; two soldiers were executed by shooting on tuesday, according to the countrys military court.
in recent years, the only other country in the region to use firing squads was equatorial guinea, which shot four people last year but then issued a moratorium on future executions, amnesty said.
latin americain general, the death penalty has been abolished across the region, if not by law in each country, then on a de facto basis, according to the world coalition against the death penalty.
the last known execution in the region was in cuba in 2003 by firing squad.
asif nizami and nazim nizami of hazrat nizamuddin dargah asif nizami and nazim nizami of hazrat nizamuddin dargahthe two missing indian clerics of delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah are in custody of pakistans intelligence agency over their alleged links with the muttahida qaumi movement (mqm), official sources said on saturday.
syed asif nizami and his nephew nazim nizami were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport, lahore, they said.
the personnel of an intelligence took both the clerics into custody after getting them offloaded and shifted them to an undisclosed location for investigation, the sources told pti on condition of anonymity.
they further said both clerics have been detained for their alleged link with mqm of altaf hussain.
they are being interrogated for their alleged links with altafs partymen in karachi, the sources said, adding they will be freed if nothing is established against them.
the mqm emerged as a largely ethnic party in the 1980s.
it has political dominance in the southern sindh provinces urban areas  notably in karachi, hyderabad, mirpurkhas and sukkur where a large number of urdu-speaking people who fled to pakistan from india during 1947s partition reside.
80-year-old asif nizami is the head priest of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah.
he along with his nephew nazim ali nizami had gone to pakistan on march 8 to see his sister in karachi.
they arrived in lahore on march 13 and visited shrine of sufi saint baba farid gang in pakpattan.
the two went missing on march 14 from lahore.
foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria yesterday said pakistan was pro-actively pursuing and have asked all departments concerned to look into the matter.
he had told pti in islamabad that, no clue to the missing indian priests has been found so far.
india has taken up this matter with pakistan and ensure the safe recovery of indian nationals.
official sources in new delhi said pakistan has conveyed that it was seriously pursuing the case with its law enforcement agencies.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan.
both are missing after they landed in karachi airport, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted.
we have also contacted their host in karachi who appears to be under pressure not to speak to the indian high commission.
i am in constant touch with our high commission.
however, there is no official confirmation regarding their whereabouts, she said.
pakistan has launched a crackdown on the mqm after party leader hussain made anti-pakistan comments during speeches at a hunger strike camp in karachi last year.
pakistan has charged the self-exiled leader in london with treason for his inflammatory speech that incited party workers to attack media outlets.
president-elect of the united nations general assembly peter thomson receives from indias permanent representative syed akbaruddin a contribution of 0,000 in july to the fund for the operation of the presidents office during the assemblys 71st session.
(source: ians/permanent mission of fiji) president-elect of the united nations general assembly peter thomson receives from indias permanent representative syed akbaruddin a contribution of 0,000 in july to the fund for the operation of the presidents office during the assemblys 71st session.
(source: ians/permanent mission of fiji)sustainable development will be high on the agenda when general assembly president-elect peter thomson visits india next week and meets prime minister narendra modi.
my main interest will be to discuss how the un can assist and accelerate the implementation of the 2030 agenda for sustainable development, he said in a statement before his departure wednesday.
the 2030 agenda is a set of 17 goals for global development adopted in 2015 by world leaders with 2030 as the deadline for meeting them.
thomson, who is currently fijis permanent representative to the un, was elected in june as the president of the assemblys 71st session that starts next month.
he will succeed mogens lykketoft of denmark.
during the next assembly sessionm thomson will play a crucial role in reviving the security council reform process  an issue of importance to india  that has stalled in the current session after a promising start.
he has in the past criticised the slow pace of council reform and called for greater efforts by un members to deal with it.
on monday, he is scheduled to meet modi, according to the assembly presidents spokesperson dan thomas.
meetings have also been set up with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and sujata mehta, the ministrys secretary west.
before going to delhi, he will visit beijing to meet chinese prime minister li keqiang and foreign minister wang yi.
coming from the asia-pacific nation of fiji, i am pleased to have this opportunity to visit the two biggest countries in the regional group to which i belong, he said.
the assembly presidents office has a limited budget, which constrains the officials activities and in the past has led to presidents seeking outside help.
last month india contributed $250,000 to a fund to assist with running the presidents office independently.
handing over the contribution, indias permanent representative syed akbaruddin said that as a fellow developing nation from the asia-pacific region, india was supporting the presidents office.
thomson has a wide range of international leadership experience.
he was the vice president of the general assembly in 2010-11.
he has also been the chair of the developing nations group of 77 to which india belongs, and the chair of the executive boards of both the un development programme (undp) and the un population fund (unfpa).
sunayana dumala, wife of srinivas kuchibhotla who was shot dead on wednesday night.
(video-grab) sunayana dumala, wife of srinivas kuchibhotla who was shot dead on wednesday night.
(video-grab)sunayana dumala, the wife of indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla who was shot dead in an alleged hate crime by a navy veteran at a bar in olathe city in kansas, addressed the media and sought answers from the us government on what are they going to do to stop these hate crimes.
i need an answer from the government that what is it they are going to do to stop this hate crime.
not just for my husband who lost his battle but for everyone, all those people of any race, either asian, african or american who have lost their loved ones to something as bad as this, dumala said at a press conference organised by gps-maker garmin.
watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineersrinivas and alok madasani were shot on wednesday night after an argument between them and the shooter, adam purinton, who had allegedly made racial attacks on them and told them to get out of the country.
while srinivas succumbed to the bullet injury, madasani is in the hospital and is recuperating.
another american man, identified as 24-year-old ian grillot was also injured in the incident after he tried to intervene.
dumala began her address to the media by mentioning that srinivas was to celebrate his 33rd birthday on march 9.
he did not deserve a death like this.
in two weeks, he would have celebrated his 33rd birthday; march 9 is his birthday, she remarked.
dumala went on to assert her apprehension regarding them staying in the us in the midst of several reports of violence and racial attacks.
however, she said that her husband always assured her that only good things happen with good people.
in an emotional address, dumala said that her husband should have moved out of the bar after he got into an argument with the shooter.
the guy (shooter) did what he had to do.
he has taken a life, a very lovable soul (away) from everyone, dumala said.
purinton was arrested five hours after the incident took place and was charged with one count of premeditated first-degree murder and two counts of attempted premeditated first-degree murder in johnson county, kansas.
the shooting incident has again stirred the debate over alleged rise in hate crimes and racial attacks after election of donald trump as the president of us.
meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took to twitter and offered her condolences to the family of the deceased.
b'foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with us secretary of state john kerry during a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti/shirish shete) foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with us secretary of state john kerry during a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti/shirish shete)raising concerns over hike in visa fee for professionals, india tuesday asked the us to find a just and non-discriminatory solution to the issue to avoid any adverse effect on the bilateral trade ties.
the issue of totalisation and recent fee hike for h1b and l1 visa has affected our people-to-people exchanges, which is a vital source of strength for our relationship.
speaking at the session, commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman too said that some of the stakeholders have raised concerns regarding steps which have potential to act as barriers to the movement of natural persons and professionals.
the concerns of our government in this regard have been conveyed in the past and we could hope that specific measures like these having potential to adversely impact our trade are avoided, she said.
the statement assumes significance as india has time and again raised the issue of hike in visa fees by the us.
the country has also filed a case in the wto against the us decision to impose high fees on temporary working visas.
further, sitharaman said that there is tremendous optimism regarding the promise and growing realisation of the potential for trade and investment between the two nations.
watch video: there should be no distinction between good and bad terrorists- kerrythe onus is purely on all of us to work together to strengthen the partnership between india and the us, as this partnership will have a significant role in shaping the global trade, the commerce minister said.
she also said that significant progress has been made on the recommendations made by the india-us ceo forum on issues like standards, ease of doing business, innovation, entrepreneurship, infrastructure and smart city project.
there has been significant progress in trading across borders, she said, adding that on the policy of minimum government and maximum governance, there has been a conscious effort to make india a global hub for innovation, design and development.
further she said that both the sides should identify and pick up some high growth potential hubs and facilitate partnership in other areas of technology and design.
in addition to bilateral engagements, the countries are working closely on important international fora including the wto and international financial institutions like world bank and imf and unsc for institutional reform and unfinished agendas.
asserting that indias enhanced global role was in mutual interest, she said, it is in this context, we look forward to continue working closely with the us to secure our membership of the nuclear suppliers group and permanent membership of the un security council.
she also pitched for expansion of defence cooperation to the next stage of co-production and co-development.
for this, we need to define the benefits associated with indias designation as a major defence partner of the us during prime ministers visit in june.
this would spur defence industry collaboration between india and the us and help india play the desired role as a net provider of security in the region, swaraj added.
she also said the two sides have been able to conclude a framework for the india-us cyber relationship, the first of its kind both for india and the us, with any other country.
she also pitched for a just and non-discriminatory solution to the issue of totalisation and recent fee hike for h1b and l1 visa that has affected our people-to-people exchanges, which was a vital source of strength for our relationship.
reiterating indias commitment for implementation of the paris agreement, she said the government was taking steps domestically to compress the timeline for our ratification of the agreement.
we hope that the next us administration will continue to support the paris agreement with the same seriousness and purpose as you have done, and that the goal of mobilising usd 100 billion per year from developed countries, will be met with firm support from the us government, she said.
swaraj also talked about the need to step up collaboration in the area of clean energy that will make it viable for us to make quantum transition to renewable energy away from fossil fuel, and achieve our ambitious climate goals.
indonesia has 1.
2 million people addicted to drugs, 40 to 50 of them die daily due to drug abuse and 4.
5 million are undergoing rehabilitation.
(representational) indonesia has 1.
2 million people addicted to drugs, 40 to 50 of them die daily due to drug abuse and 4.
5 million are undergoing rehabilitation.
(representational)an indian national facing death sentence in indonesia on drug smuggling charges may not be pardoned, president joko widodo has indicated, saying the capital penalty is handed down only to individuals who have carried out serious crimes and is not based on nationality.
ahead of his state visit to india, widodo said, my duty as president is to uphold the law and indonesias sovereignty.
this will be applied in all cases, including those involving capital punishment.
watch what else is making news:asked if he would pardon indian national gurdeep singh, who is facing death sentence in indonesia on drug charges since 2004, the president told pti the death penalty is imposed only on individuals who have carried out serious crimes, and is not based on nationality.
indonesia has 1.
2 million people addicted to drugs, 40 to 50 of them die daily due to drug abuse and 4.
5 million are undergoing rehabilitation, he said.
singh, 48, was arrested at the soekarno hatta airport in 2004 for smuggling 300 gms of heroin.
his execution by firing squad was deferred on july 29 this year.
appealing to the indonesian government for mercy to singh, his wife kulwinder kaur had said he has spent 14 years in jail which was enough penance for his crime if he was guilty and he should be sent back.
widodo, however, said, drugs are a serious threat to indonesia, and in particular for the countrys younger generation.
indonesia is now facing an emergency situation due to illicit drug trafficking and abuse.
indonesia continues to act decisively to address this drug problems through law enforcement and international cooperation, he said.
we also run a variety of programmes to increase public awareness of the dangers of drugs, the president said adding that death penalty remains a part of indonesian law.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (photo: anil sharma/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (photo: anil sharma/file)nepal on tuesday termed as unfortunate the remarks of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that prime minister narendra modi addressed lakhs of indians during a civic reception in his honour in nepals janakpur recently.
hours later, she apologised for her remarks.
in a statement today, nepals foreign ministry spokesperson said the reference made about the public participation at the civic felicitation programme held in honour of prime minister modi in janakpur on may 11 was unfortunate.
it has come to the notice of the government of nepal that she has publicly admitted her mistake and apologised for the same.
the government of nepal sincerely thanks all those who raised concerns over this issue, the spokesperson said.
social cohesion and harmony characterise the nepali way of life that is reflective of national unity among people living in all regions, which should be respected by all, the official added.
janakpur is known as the birth place of sita, the wife of lord rama.
during his visit, modi offered prayers at janaki temple which was built in memory of sita in 1910.
according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the indian student who was allegedly brutally assaulted in poland, and was believed to have died, has survived the attack.
as reported by news agency pti, swaraj spoke to indian ambassador to poland ajay bisaria regarding the attack on the student in poznan city, whose name is being withheld by the government, after which she gave an update on the situation saying the student has survived the attack.
in a tweet, swaraj wrote, there was an incident of beating.
fortunately, he has survived.
we are inquiring into all aspects of the incident.
earlier, after being informed by netizens about the news item in polish media regarding the attack on indian student, the union minister wrote on twitter that she has sought for a report from authorities in poland.
i have just spoken to the indian ambassador in poland and asked for a report.
@indiapolandhttp://t.
co/tywhkjfspq  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 31, 2017bisaria, also wrote on twitter earlier that the student has survived the attack, and he is trying to get the details regarding the incident.
prelim enquiry suggests student attacked in poznan tram on wed.
thank god, he survived.
getting details, the indian ambassador to poland wrote.
this development comes nearly a month after an indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla was shot dead in a racially motivated incident in us kansas city.
earlier in the day, two indian nationals who had been abducted earlier in march by south sudan rebels were released after the indian government intervened in the matter.
swaraj had tweeted a photograph of the two indians from tamil nadu saying: i am happy to inform about the release of two indian nationals midhun and edward who were abducted in south sudan.
more details on the incident is awaited.
iran foreign minister javad zarif will arrive in india on monday night and will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tomorrow.
the meeting comes in the backdrop of the united states ending sanctions exemptions to irans eight oil customers, including india.
advertisingindia has been prohibited from importing oil from iran after the waiver for india ran out on may 1, or else its state-owned or private entities will face us sanctions.
the indian express had earlier reported that washington conveyed to delhi that it has stood by india on combating terrorism after the pulwama attack and expects reciprocity on president donald trumps commitment to disrupt irans terror network.
in its conversation with delhi, the trump administration had also assured that the exemption of the development of the chabahar port project will continue, though its decision to halt the waiver on oil imports to india is guided by its objective of changing the iranian regimes malign behaviour.
read | us to india: helping you on masood azhar, so end iran oil importsadvertisingindia was one of eight countries which were allowed temporary import of iranian oil for six months.
last november, us secretary of state michael r pompeo said the us had agreed to exempt eight countries as they had made significant reductions in oil imports.
but new delhi had pushed back on zero oil imports, citing adverse impact on its economy and the inflationary fallout it would have.
india is the worlds third-largest consumer of oil, with 85 per cent of its crude oil and 34 per cent of its natural gas requirements being fulfilled by imports.
in 2016, india imported 215 million tonnes of crude oil and at 13 per cent, iran stood third among indias biggest oil suppliers, after saudi arabia and iraq at 18 per cent each.
for india, this situation presents a dilemma.
while the us has assured that the exemption of the development of the chabahar port project in iran would continue, given the policy unpredictability of the trump administration, new delhi would want to speed up the progress of the port development.
b'the bodies were brought to india from mosul on a special air force one aircraft.
(express photo) the bodies were brought to india from mosul on a special air force one aircraft.
(express photo)chandresh kumari, widow of sandeep, one of the four from himachal pradesh killed by is in mosul, whose mortal remains reached kangra monday, was making frantic calls to chief ministers office and also government officials to know when will her son rudhrans, 8, would be able to perform the last rites.
i never knew my husband will come home like this.
he had big dreams, wanted to earn well and return with riches.
everything has been shattered.
for four years, i have been knocking at the governments doors to get a job.
even today, i called up the cmo to find out if the government will help out in any way to make my childrens future secure.
i want a job, not any relief or dole.
this will help to sustain my husbands aged parents, she told the indian express over phone.
also read | this one nights wait seems longer than the four yearsof the four  three of them from kangra and one from mandi, the mortal remains of sandeep kumar, 41, of dhameta village (kangra) was kept at nurpur hospital and those of the other three were escorted to the mortuary of dr rajendra prasad medical college, tanda (kangra).
tomorrow, we will hand over the mortal remains to the families.
the sub-divisional magistrate is in touch with the families and arrangements were being made for last rites.
we have got dna reports and other papers about identities of the deceased.
everything will be done tuesday, said kangra dc sandeep kumar.
the news that the remains would reach their hometowns has brought some relief to the kin and pain, too.
its his destiny that he has to return like this lifeless, said ramesh chand, father of aman.
he is a retired army personnel.
also read | tears and grief at end of four-year wait: caskets from mosul flown home to punjabhe added, if the opportunity comes, i will go to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with folded hands to thank her for helping to bring the moral remains.
had she not being the minister in-charge, one one may have cared to even know about these boys.
i salute her spirit and mother-like sensitivity to the issue, he told the indian express.
the family recalled how aman defied their advice to go to iraq in 2014.
he had barely been there for two months before he was abducted.
the family wanted him to join the army and he even made an attempt to but could not make it.
his last call to the family was on june 15, 2014  when aman spoke about his ordeal having been taken hostage by islamic state (is) militants and taken to undisclosed locations.
his father admits that he had already told himself that aman was not alive.
the situation in iraq is really bad.
in india, we at least value humanity and law, he said.
at kadretii village (lunj), inderjeet s family is inconsolable.
his mother sulochana devi said, my children have slept hungry.
they starved as we had no means to feed them.
i used to work, manual abour and even do domestic jobs at others houses.
we begged and borrowed to see they at least study till matriculation.
his father also did labour/daily wage job, borrowed second-hand books from students, uniforms and food from other from them, she recalled.
she claims that an agent who arranged a visa for inderjeet duped the family of rs 1.
30 lakh.
instead of sending him to saudi arabia as he had promised, he sent him to iraq.
she added, my son said he (the agent) would forfeit the money paid to him if i refused iraq .
he (inderjit) was forced to accept the offer.
he had rs 10,000 which this agent also extorted from him.
hemraj, who also belonged to mandi district, is survived by wife, two children beside aged parents and grandparents.
they must have tortured him (hemraj) a lot before killing him, said a relative.
b'from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shake hands after a meeting in moscow, russia, monday, april 18, 2016.
(source: ap) from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shake hands after a meeting in moscow, russia, monday, april 18, 2016.
(source: ap)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday raised the issue of china blocking indias bid to designate jaish-e-mohammad chief masood azhar as a terrorist at the un with chinese foreign minister wang yi at a bilateral meeting in moscow.
external affairs minister (sushma swaraj) raised the issue of listing of masood azhar in the un 1267 committee and emphasised that as common victims of terrorism, china and india should cooperate in combating this challenge.
it was agreed that the two sides would remain in touch on this matter, said ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup.
india had earlier said that it has taken up the issue at a fairly high level with china.
also read: masood azhar doesnt meet un criteria to be banned as terrorist: chinameanwhile, at the russia-india-china (ric) trilateral meeting, swaraj sought strong global action against terror networks.
she warned the international community that if it continues to adopt double standards in dealing with the menace of terrorism, there will be serious consequences.
india believes that the foremost challenge to international security continues to be posed by international terrorism.
we must not fail in this regard.
if we continue to adopt double standards in dealing with terrorism, it will have serious consequences not just for our own countries, but the international community as a whole, she added.
earlier this month, china had stopped un sanctions committee from designating azhar as a terrorist, maintaining that the case did not meet the requirements of the security council.
this is not the first time that china has blocked indias bid to get pakistan-based militant groups and leaders proscribed by the un.
we are meeting after a long gap and i think we should meet quite frequently.
because things are moving very fast in the world and if we meet frequently, we will be able to deliberate on those, she said.
the chinese foreign minister said both the countries need to stay focused on expanding ties and should align our strategies so as to contribute significantly to the development of asia and the world.
china and india are two major countries and two big neighbours.
it is important for us to maintain very close cooperation.
we are two developing countries and emerging markets, and we both face the challenging task of promoting economic development and realise national rejuvenation, he said.
we are strategic partners and as the worlds economic and political centre is shifting towards the asia-pacific (region).
it is all the more important for both the countries to join hands because our cooperation will have far reaching and positive implications to the region and the world at large so we need to stay focus on growing our relationship, align our strategies and step up our partnership, so that we can jointly contribute to asia and worlds development, wang added.
among the stream of messages, wednesday condoling the death of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was a heartfelt tribute from a family whose life her office had touched  with hope.
the family of kulbhushan jadhav, who is in pakistani custody, described swaraj as very humble, loving, caring and down to earth, and said it was deeply grieved at the loss.
swaraj was the architect of a sustained diplomatic campaign that led last month to the international court of justice (icj) granting india consular access to jadhav, the retired navy officer who has been in pakistans custody since march 2016.
advertisingon wednesday, a statement issued by jadhavs parents and family, and read over the phone to the indian express, said: sushmaji was an emphatic and compassionate person.
the whole world is witness to her efforts in bringing back so many indians.
read | sushmaswaraj swaraj (1952-2019): president, pm lead farewell to peoples ministershe, the indian government and the bjp have put in a great effort in our sons case.
we met her on several occasions regarding his case.
she made us feel very comfortable.
she was very humble, loving, caring and down to earth.
because of this, she and the ministry of external affairs seemed like an extended family to us.
advertisingon july 25, we met her.
it was in the evening that she hosted us.
she was very warm and hale and hearty that day.
it is difficult to believe she is no more.
we extend our sincere and heartfelt condolences to bansuri and her father.
madams passing away is a great loss to the world, india, to bjp and her family.
time and words will fall short if we try to list her glory and goodness.
we are deeply grieved.
on july 25, swaraj had tweeted a photograph of her with jadhavs parents avanti and sudhir, and wife chetna.
she was happy that day, the family recalled, even telling them not to thank her repeatedly, as she was only fulfilling her duty.
on tuesday, just before she suffered a cardiac arrest, swaraj had called senior advocate harish salve and asked him to collect his fee of re 1 for representing india at the icj in the jadhav case.
india had moved the icj in may 2017 against the farcical trial by the military court of pakistan, which sentenced jadhav to death on charges of espionage and terrorism.
india has maintained that jadhav was kidnapped from iran where he had business interests after retiring from the navy.
on july 17, in a major diplomatic victory for india, the icj granted consular access to jadhav with the court also asking pakistan to review the death sentence.
prime minister narendra modi.
(source: pti) prime minister narendra modi.
(source: pti)pm narendra modi called for a meeting of the cabinet committee on security at 10 am on wednesday morning.
it is believed that pm modi has asked home minister rajnath singh to brief him on the situation in kashmir.
as the unrest in the kashmir valley enters its 89th day on wednesday following the killing of hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani on july 8, normal life in the state continues to remain disrupted.
watch video: parrikar: credit for surgical strikes goes to army and 127 cr indiansthough there are signs of fatigue seen in the three-month long unrest in the valley, strikes sponsored by separatists continue to cripple daily routine.
as many as 83 persons, including two police officers, have been killed and thousands others injured in clashes between protestors and security forces since unrest began a day after burhan wanis killing.
the meeting called by prime minister narendra modi has ended.
apart from the home minister, defence minister manohar parrikar, minister of state for the prime minister office jitendra singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of road transport and highways of india nitin gadkari were present for the meeting.
gurgaon mp rao inderjit singh is all set to join the bharatiya janata party (bjp) in an official ceremony on february 13 at the bjp headquarters on ashoka road.
the decision was taken at a crucial meeting held in new delhi on tuesday.
bjp president rajnath singh, senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, haryana bjp president jagdish mukhi and gurgaon bjp leader ram vilas sharma attended the meeting.
rao inderjit singh was also present.
confirming the news at a press conference in gurgaon, sharma said, rao inderjit singh and the bjp have the same motto  to address issues of south haryana and support narendra modi to become the prime minister.
for the past one year, we have been supporting his insaaf manch forum.
he will be joining the bjp in a formal ceremony on february 13.
sources in the gurgaon bjp said in an hour-long meeting at rajnath singhs house, rao inderjit singh accepted the decision to join the party without any terms and conditions.
g l sharma, spokesperson of insaaf manch, also confirmed the news.
we are happy to be associated with the bjp and, hopefully, the step will help improve the present situation in haryana.
yeh jo bjp ki taraf se mohar lagayi gayi hain, yeh haryana ke liye uchit hai, he told mediapersons, adding that the gurgaon mp would be making a formal announcement on january 22.
in march 2013, singh had floated his own apolitical manch.
last september, at a rally in rewari, singh officially announced his exit from the congress.
a hike in indias haj quota means that all those who applied for this years pilgrimage from larger states like uttar pradesh, west bengal, andhra pradesh and bihar will be able to undertake the journey.
advertisingthe increase, the third since the narendra modi government came to power, would also benefit all applicants from andaman & nicobar islands, dadra & nagar haveli, goa, lakshadweep, manipur, odisha, puducherry, assam, chandigarh, daman & diu, himachal pradesh, jharkhand, punjab, and tripura.
sources said this is the first time since independence that no applicant from these states will be left out.
the government of saudi arabia had on thursday issued a formal order with regard to the increase in indias quota.
this followed a february meeting between prime minister narendra modi, saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi, with the gulf kingdom enhancing indias haj quota by about 25,000.
advertisingthis means a record 2 lakh indian muslims will undertake the haj this year without any subsidy.
the list includes 2,340 muslim women who will go for the pilgrimage without mehram or male companion.
according to official figures, 34,397 people have applied from uttar pradesh, 8,470 from west bengal, 191 from goa, 499 from manipur, 698 from odisha, 2,138 from andhra pradesh, 3,588 from assam, 4,950 from bihar, 72 from himachal pradesh, 2,233 from jharkhand, 342 from punjab and 110 from tripura to go for the haj this season.
sources said making the entire haj process completely online/digital has helped ensure that the pilgrimage did not become expensive even after removal of the subsidy.
swaraj, who is on a visit here, made the remarks during a programme, titled contribution of hindi in india-china friendship, organised by the india embassy.
when two friends sit together, what do they want?
they want to talk their hearts out to each other, share what they feel.
and for that we need a language.
if there is an interpreter sitting between two friends, he may be able to translate the words but not the feelings with which i say something.
so, it is essential that we learn a language, and understand it, she said, a day after it was announced that prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping would hold an informal summit from april 27 to 28.
i want to say that the way india and chinas relation are strengthening, trade is increasing, we are working together on international forums, it has become increasingly important that you learn hindi and we learn chinese.
and this, your love for hindi you may not be aware that two foreign ministers cant strengthen the relations between indian and china as much as these students learning hindi can.
you (students) all are doing great service (to the two countries), she said.
the minister invoked dangal, secret superstar and hindi medium to stress that hindi films are gaining popularity in china, but said an understanding of the language instead of subtitles could improve their experiences of watching such films.
noting that during the programme, a chinese student learning hindi had expressed that her dream was to visit india, swaraj instructed the ambassador to make arrangements for a visit of such students to india i want to tell her, that your dream would come true right here, right now.
i am telling our ambassador here to send a delegation of 25 hindi students from here on india visit.
we will entertain you there and gift you indian traditional clothes  saree for girls and kurta pyjama for boys.
i entrust our ambassador here with the responsibility of sending a delegation of students learning hindi here, she said.
kathmandu: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with nepals prime minister sher bahadur deuba at a meeting in kathmandu on thursday.
pti photo / (mea twitter) kathmandu: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with nepals prime minister sher bahadur deuba at a meeting in kathmandu on thursday.
pti photo / (mea twitter)as nepal prime minister sher bahadur deuba begins a five-day trip to india, he knows he must propitiate delhis ruling deities, both prime minister narendra modi and the rss, for the continuation of their support to kathmandus hill elites to abandon the egalitarian cause of the madhes.
in the 11 years since nepal overthrew its monarchy and became a republic, which india supported in full measure, there have been two big agitations by the people of the madhes, literally the strip land that lies between uttar pradesh and bihar and the rest of nepal, in 2007 and in 2015.
both the congress-led upa in 2007 and the bjp-led nda in 2015 supported the madhesi cry for aspiration and equality.
in the 2015 agitation, as many as 60 people lost their lives.
and then nepals hill elite cunningly played the china card.
led by k.p. sharma oli, the chairman of the moderate communist uml and supported by pro-monarchist parties like the rpp, a constitutional amendment in parliament fell short by 48 votes only two days before deuba landed in delhi.
the amendment would have redrawn provincial boundaries to ensure wider representation of madhesis in parliament.
but as many as 39 mps from deubas own nepali congress and his coalition partner, the maoists, were absent.
no one asked them why.
did deuba try hard to get the amendment passed?
probably, but not hard enough.
nor did delhi seem particularly perturbed.
the message to the madhesis, who had refused to join the first two rounds of local body elections in recent months unless the amendment was passed, was clear: india had abandoned the madhesi cause.
the sullen and despairing madhesis admit that it may be unfair to lay the blame only at olis door.
the man has never made any bones about his distaste for the dark-skinned people of the tarai  or for that matter, his ambition to be prime minister again.
across the political spectrum, madhesis know that at least for the time being, their struggle for equality is over.
over four months in 2015-16, the modi government had bravely boosted the struggle for equality through the madhesi-led economic blockade of the tarai.
but when oli embarked on a trip to china soon after the blockade and signed a transit agreement for access to chinese ports as well as trans-national rail links the first signs of nervousness began to show in delhi.
oli was clearly trying to create alternative forms of connectivity, away from nepals dependency on its southern neighbour.
the chinese pressed the advantage.
in may 2017, nepal joined chinas one belt, one road initiative.
only a week after swaraj returned from kathmandu on august 10, chinese vice-premier wang yang was in nepal, wooing deuba, promising aid, trade and economic projects, including building a railway up to the nepal border and expanding the kodari highway.
indias sense of encirclement by china seems much more magnified in nepal because of the special relationship with kathmandu.
theres an open border between the two countries, seven lakh nepali citizens work in india, while languages, religions and cultures are similar.
meanwhile, the rss went to work.
although uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has held his tongue since he came to office, he has hardly been able to live down his 2016 much-publicised speech at the world hindu conference in nepal, in which he glorified the monarchy.
we have to go to the people and make them aware that without the rule of the shahs, there would not be nepal, one single nepal, adityanath had said.
the feeling that a hindu rashtra had kept the chinese at bay is getting stronger by the day in delhi.
olis successes with the chinese have compounded the view that it was all very well to support the egalitarian struggle of the madhesis, but that they are far too divided to have any real influence in kathmandu.
so, if delhi has to play the great game in the himalayas, it must return to those who have traditionally wielded power.
the problem with this kind of flip-flop is that it makes modi look like an indecisive potentate.
he had started off so well during his several visits to nepal over 2014-15.
but he now looks in danger of succumbing to the rss, losing his nerve on supporting a just struggle for the madhes and promoting a short-sighted perspective on india-nepal relations.
but if modi is here for the long haul, then he must understand that democracy and realpolitik also go together.
none other than the great g.p. koirala, who became prime minister after gyanendra the monarch had been overthrown in the jan andolan in 2006, had promised indias then envoy shiv mukherjee that equal rights would be given to the madhesis.
so why is deuba going back on the promise made by his own predecessor?
modi must see that the nepalis are toying with him, forcing him to go back on his own word.
just like in bhutans doklam, modi must hold the line.
his own south asian legacy is at stake.
jyoti.
b'sushma swaraj called upon overseas indians to send funds under the india development foundation (idf) for projects of their choice.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey) sushmaswaraj swaraj called upon overseas indians to send funds under the india development foundation (idf) for projects of their choice.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday invited the indian diaspora to donate money towards the implementation of various development projects, including clean india and ganga rejuvenation, and get connected with their roots.
swaraj called upon overseas indians to send funds under the india development foundation (idf) for projects of their choice.
the government is giving a fresh push to the idf  launched by the upa government to provide a platform for overseas indians to carry out development efforts in india.
the money will not be just a donation.
it is a way to get connected with the roots.
it is a way to pay back to your motherland.
b'vishnudas chapkes plea seeking a us visa has not elicited any response from officials yet.
(source: vishnudas chapke/facebook) vishnudas chapkes plea seeking a us visa has not elicited any response from officials yet.
(source: vishnudas chapke/facebook)vishnudas chapke, a mumbai-based journalist who quit his profession to embark on a mission to be the first indian to circumnavigate the world by road, faces a stumbling block after being stuck in costa rica for more than six weeks.
the 35-year-old is struggling to get a visa for his next destination to nicaragua, which has a transit route to the united states.
faced with the roadblock, chapke has sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the local indian embassy and even us president donald trump and the obama foundation so that he can complete his record overland journey.
however, his plea has not elicited any response as of yet.
@ barackobama @ michelleobama im an indian journalist on a circumnavigation trip of the globe for creating awareness on climate change.
ive crossed asia, australia, latin america.
desperate for a us visa.
can u help me through the @ obamafoundation ?
im stuck in costa rica for now, chapke had tweeted.
in an interview to mid-day, a dejected chapke said he might have to comprise his record and take a flight to the next country or return to india if he does not get help soon.
he also rues not taking the us or european visa from india before setting out on this daunting journey.
if i had taken a us or european visa from india itself, i could have directly entered nicaragua.
now, i have to take the long route, he says.
to keep his expenses down, chapke said, he has been volunteering at a hostel in costa rica.
chapke had set out on this journey on march 19, 2016 from mumbai to myanmar, then thailand, laos, vietnam and china overland.
subsequently, he took his first flight from china to australia since there was no option.
from sydney, he travelled to latin america.
union home minister rajnath singh.
(file photo) union home minister rajnath singh.
(file photo)the government will do everything possible to get justice for kulbhushan jadhav, who has been handed down death sentence by a pakistan military court, home minister rajnath singh said on tuesday.
while condemning the action, singh said in the lok sabha that pakistan had ignored all norms of law and justice.
the government strongly condemns it.
all norms of law and justice were ignored.
i want to assure the house that the government will do everything possible to get justice for jadhav.
he will get justice, he said.
responding to concerns expressed by members cutting across party lines, singh said pakistan had told the media there that jadhav was carrying a valid indian passport.
he wondered why a spy would carry a valid passport.
this exposes pakistans action, he said.
the home minister was also critical of islamabads decision to deny new delhi consular access to jadhav on 13 occasions.
as soon as the house met for the day, members cutting across party lines slammed pakistan for awarding death sentence to jadhav.
barbs were frequently exchanged between treasury and opposition benches on the issue with the latter blaming the government for not taking up the matter strongly.
leader of the congress in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge wondered why the government remained silent on the issue.
his remarks attracted the ire of bjp members who said the government was condemning the incident.
without an invitation, you can attend a marriage, but you cannot meet him or talk to him on the issue, kharge said referring to prime minister narendra modis decision to visit pakistan to attend the marriage of nawaz sharifs daughter near lahore.
speaker sumitra mahajan said there should be no spat on the issue.
we all are equally concerned about the fate of jadhav.
kharge said while india granted access to pakistan to visit pathankot to gather evidence on terror strike, islamabad denied counsellor access to jadhav.
asaduddin owaisi (aimim) urged the government to use its influence for the release of the indian citizen.
shashi tharoor (cong) said while india has always preferred not to internationalise its relations with pakistan, it is time new delhi tells the world that tomorrow one of their citizens can face a similar fate in pakistan.
n k premchandran (rsp), vinayak raut (shiv sena) and saugata roy (aitc) expressed similar sentiments.
when some members wanted to react to the home ministers remarks, speaker told them that they could express their views after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave a statement.
you do not have to go (to pakistan) with an army of mps, she said.
b'home minister p chidambaram and bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj were today locked in a verbal duel with the minister rejecting her claim that he had told the selection panel that cvc p j thomas was acquitted of charges in a corruption case.
reacting to swarajs statement that he had misled the three-member selection committee including them and the prime minister,chidambaram issued a strong statement saying actually she is tying herself in knots by making thoughtless allegations.
i take exception to the statement by sushmaswaraj swaraj that i had misled the selection committee and told the committee that thomas had been acquitted.
firstly,if no sanction for prosecution had been granted since 1999 against p j thomas (as admitted by her) how could the case have proceeded to trial or ended in an acquittal of thomas?
secondly,if the supreme court had stayed the trial of the case (as admitted by her),is it not self-evident that the case was pending and nobody could have been either acquitted or convicted?
he said.
the home minister said,i reiterate that the committee was aware of the palmolein case; that no sanction for prosecution of thomas had been granted since 1999; that the case was pending in the trial court; that the supreme court had stayed the trial of the case; and that the then cvc had granted vigilance clearance in respect of thomas.
issuing the rejoinder once again most reluctantly,chidambaram requested swaraj to respect the rule of subjudice and allow the supreme court to decide the case.
responding to his statement,swaraj termed as an after thought the ministers statement that he had not misled the cvc selection panel and his contention that she was making thoughtless allegations.
i have seen that (chidambarams) statement.
i have to only say that if he knew the case was pending it was the primary duty of the government to apprise the selection committee of that.
they did not do that, she told reporters.
all that he is saying are after thought these facts are absolutely irrelevant, she added.
it was i who brought this to the committee that there was a case and then he (chidambaram) said he (p j thomas) was acquitted.
last week,after attorney general g e vahanvati told the supreme court that material about thomas facing a chargesheet in the palmolein case was not not placed before the selection committee.
swaraj called it a lie and she had raised the issue and the committee discussed it.
fifty years after being disinvited from the 1969 conference of islamic countries in rabat in morocco at pakistans behest, india will make its maiden appearance at the foreign ministers meeting of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) on march 1 as a guest of honour.
advertisingexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will attend the foreign ministers meeting to be held in abu dhabi, on march 1-2, at the invitation of the uaes sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan.
this is the first time india has been invited to the oic after 1969, when then industrial development minister fakhruddin ali ahmed was disinvited on arriving at morocco, after pakistans president yahya khan lobbied against indian participation.
explained: decoding the oics invite to guest of honour indiaadvertisingsources said that the invitation was initiated by the uae, and it came about a month ago.
after internal deliberations, they conveyed that india will attend at the foreign ministers level, a source told the sunday express, adding that the decision to attend was taken before the pulwama attack.
explained a victory, for now the invitation to address the oic meet is a significant diplomatic victory for india.
the invite may be an important outcome of the visit of saudi crown prince mohammed bin salman, apart from an indication of new delhis improved ties with both saudi and the uae.
however, it is important to watch what line oic takes on j&k.
pakistan is likely to have already begun behind-the-scenes negotiations for a statement on kashmir.
sources said that new delhi will only attend the inaugural session, and not be part of the negotiations of the oics joint communique.
we are not part of the oic.
so we are not in the drafting of the communique, a source said.
but it will be interesting to see the statements by bangladesh, the past president of oic, the uae, the current president, and the oic secretary-general.
we will put across our view of the world at that platform, the source said.
it is expected that while new delhi will raise issues pertaining to cross-border terrorism from pakistan, the oics communique will have references to kashmir, at pakistans behest, as in the past.
sources said that the oic is long considered to be pakistans playground but with indias growing relationship with the uae, this has been made possible.
it is good to enter into your enemys camp, a source said, indicating that new delhi has shed its reluctance to engage with the oic  whose annual statements on kashmir have always been rejected by india.
a similar situation can occur this time as well.
the mea said in its statement saturday that the invitation indicated the desire of the enlightened leadership of the uae to go beyond our rapidly growing close bilateral ties and forge a true multifaceted partnership at the multilateral and international level and a milestone in our comprehensive strategic partnership with the uae.
the crown prince of abu dhabi, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, was the chief guest at the 68th republic day celebrations in 2017, the first time that india laid out the republic day red carpet for a leader who was neither a head of state nor head of government.
the crown prince, an extremely popular leader across the middle east, who is often known by his initials mbz, had earlier visited india in february 2016, following prime minister narendra modis visit to the uae in august 2015.
it is also significant that the invitation to the oic foreign ministers meet comes days after the visit to india of the crown prince of saudi arabia, mohammed bin salman.
sources said that this is an indication of new delhis improved ties with saudi arabia, the uae and the gulf region as a whole.
if you see the personal relationship between the leaders of these countries and our leadership, it has strengthened and grown in the last few years, a source said.
the mea also called the invitation a welcome recognition of the presence of 185 million muslims in india and of their contribution to its pluralistic ethos, and of indias contribution to the islamic world.
also read | india, saudi arabia to hold security talks at nsa levelthe oic  formerly organisation of the islamic conference  is the second largest inter-governmental organisation in the world after the un, with a membership of 57 states in four continents.
the oic describes itself as the collective voice of the muslim world, and its stated objective is to safeguard and protect the interests of the muslim world in the spirit of promoting international peace and harmony among various people of the world.
advertisingthe oic has reserved its membership for muslim-majority countries.
russia, thailand, and a couple of other small countries have observer status.
at the 45th session of the foreign ministers summit in may 2018, bangladesh, the host country, had suggested that india, which accounts for more than 10 per cent of the worlds muslims, should be given observer status but pakistan had opposed the suggestion.
b'in a video that has gone viral on social media, piyush goyal is seen describing the difficulties he faced as a union minister in dealing with the tamil nadu government.
in a video that has gone viral on social media, piyush goyal is seen describing the difficulties he faced as a union minister in dealing with the tamil nadu government.
for the first time, the bjp national leadership has gone the whole hog in attacking tamil nadu chief minister jayalalithaa, so far seen as a potential ally.
until last week, the bjp had been making faceless jibes on social media, including a cartoon showing jayalaithaas aide sasikala pulling puppet strings behind the cm.
with the bjp now apparently resigned to the fact that an alliance is not happening, union minister piyush goyal has ridiculed jayalalithaa directly.
in a video that has gone viral on social media, goyal is seen describing the difficulties he faced as a union minister in dealing with the tamil nadu government.
in his speech on making india a global economic superpower at the conference on young indians in new delhi on march 25, goyal said of tamil nadu, its a state within a state.
he added, its a part of the country where i cant even reach out to the chief minister.
i have made several attempts to talk to their leaders without success.
i have access to 28 states in this country, but in the 29th state, even if i call up, when i talk to the power minister, he would hear me and he would say okay, i will talk to amma.
in parliament, they cant even open their mouth, any of the members of that party [aiadmk], unless they have a script which has been sanitised or vetted in chennai, and they read out from that.
its actually the state where, in my 18 or 22 months, i have been able to reach out to the cm only once, and when i got a call back [from the cm], she promised but it hasnt been signed [a project].
goyals direct attack has touched a raw nerve in the aiadmk, inviting a strong reply from senior leader o paneerselvam.
in a statement issued monday, panneerselvam said there is no truth in goyals allegation that he was not able to meet jayalalithaa.
he said jayalalithaa was not only fighting with the central government for the welfare of the people of tamil nadu but has also been strongly opposing all schemes being pushed against the peoples interests.
he said the cm has made her stand clear on the issue of tamil fishermens arrests, the gail project that affects the delta regions farmers and the need for setting up a cauvery tribunal board.
scared of the aiadmks victory in the forthcoming elections, the bjp has now stooped to this level and is spreading lies against the government, the statement read.
it alleged that when 48 mps had sought an appointment to meet modi on the fishermens issue, they were denied and the memorandum was given to minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
even in the gail issue, an appointment was denied to put forth our demand, the statement added.
it said prime minister narendra modi and his ministers had met jayalalithaa eight times in the last two years and requested goyal and pon radhakrishnan, union minister from tamil nadu who also made similar comments about jayalalithaas regime, to refrain from spreading false propaganda for political gains.
the bjps attack on jayalalithaa comes after prolonged signs of a bond being built.
pm modi and finance minister arun jaitley were among the few vips who visited her poes garden residence over the last few years, trips that were questioned by opposition parties on various grounds.
in fact, jaitleys visit in january 2015 had kicked up a controversy as it came during the time when jayalalithaa had to step down as chief minister following her conviction in a disproportionate assets case.
dmk chief m karunanidhi had asked modi, is it proper for a union minister to meet a convicted person?
on sunday, karunanidhi changed tack in light of goyals comments.
he said even aiadmk ministers, mlas, journalists or central ministers cannot meet the cm.
how will a states administration function and how will governance and democracy sustain in such an environment?
he said.
although state bjp chief tamilisai soundararajan has not been shy of criticising jayalalithaa, the national leadership including pon radhakrishnan had so far appeared to be careful about maintaining a good relationship.
radhakrishnan had attended jayalalithaas swearing-in; soundararajan hadnt been invited.
new delhi: turkish president recep tayyip erdogan reviews the guard of honour during the ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on monday.
pti photo by shahbaz khan new delhi: turkish president recep tayyip erdogan reviews the guard of honour during the ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhavan in new delhi on monday.
pti photo by shahbaz khanturkish president recep tayyip erdogan was given a ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhawan ahead of his delegation level talks with prime minister narendra modi on monday.
he is in india on a two-day visit.
erdogan later paid tribute to mahatma gandhis samadhi at raj ghat.
a number of agreements are likely to be signed between the two countries today.
the turkish president is accompanied by senior cabinet ministers and a 150-member business delegation that will take part in a meeting of the india-turkey business forum.
the two countries will discuss key bilateral and regional issues, including indias nsg membership bid and ways to strengthen cooperation in counter-terrorism and trade.
india-turkey economic and commercial cooperation constitutes an important dimension of the bilateral relationship.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will also meet turkish president today.
trade and bilateral ties between two countries have strengthened significantly which includes visits by president pranab mukherjee to turkey in 2013 and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs working visit in 2015.
this is erdogans first foreign visit after winning a referendum in his country.
he also raised concern over kashmir issues and expressed his desire for constructive dialogue between new delhi and islamabad.
b'in the collegium to select a new member of the national human rights commission,arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj disagreed with the majoritys choice of justice cyriac joseph.
the minutes of the meeting approving the appointment were first signed by prime minister manmohan singh,lok sabha speaker meira kumar,home minister sushil kumar shinde and deputy chairperson of the rajya sabha p j kurien.
when it came to the turn of the opposition leaders to affix their signatures and attach their dissenting note,they discovered to their amazement that the ruling party members had all signed the minutes without even realising that the place where josephs name had to be filled in had been left blank.
an embarrassed government hastily withdrew the minutes and made a fresh document.
tables turnedcbi director ranjit sinha has an old history with some members of mamata banerjees government.
when he was posted in patna as dig,cbi,the then joint director of the bureau,u n biswas,had complained that sinha was diluting the case against lalu yadav in the fodder scam.
today,biswas is a minister in banerjees cabinet.
similarly,gautam sanyal was mamatas osd when she was railway minister and sinha was removed as dg,railway protection force.
sanyal is now mamatas private secretary.
the tables seem to have been turned.
the cbi recently launched an inquiry against sanyal,while the finance ministry is probing k d singh,a tmc mp and mamatas key adviser.
the bengal chief minister believes the upa government is deliberately using the cbi to target her party men just as it used the cbi against mulayam singh yadav and mayawati to make them fall in line.
at party rallies,mamata has started referring to the cbi as the chor bureau of india,and vows she will fight such pressure tactics.
the cbi investigation seems to have brought mamata closer to the bjp.
recently,k d singh met both rajiv pratap rudy and bjp president rajnath singh.
in the howrah by-election,the bjp has not put up a candidate.
weve come a long waythe government is rolling out a multi-crore ad blitz in the media highlighting its achievements.
there is also a booklet listing the key milestones of the upa rule over the last nine years and a theme jingle titled,weve come a long way,a long way well go,sung by shaan and sunidhi chauhan.
nevertheless,there is an air of gloom over the preparations for the upas 10th anniversary on may 22.
the prime minister is hosting a dinner at which party president sonia gandhi will naturally be present.
the party pooper is the recent exit of ashwani kumar and pawan kumar bansal.
an additional damper is the talk that sonia gandhi and manmohan singh are not on the same wavelength and a question mark remains as to who will be the partys candidate for prime minister in 2014.
on the anniversary,the youth wing of the bjp is bringing out a booklet,scams galore of the upa,with the title rs 250000000000 crore scam on the cover.
babu delegationthe prestigious cannes film festival has given special importance to india this year.
india was chosen as the guest country to coincide with 100 years of indian cinema.
however,information and broadcasting minister manish tewari could not make it to cannes since he was too busy fire-fighting back in delhi,what with two ministerial resignations and the opposition upping the ante inside and outside the house.
in place of the minister,i and b secretary uday verma,who is to retire next month,is leading a delegation of two joint secretaries.
the contingent of babus has little to contribute to the show,though.
it is left to bollywood to keep the indian flag flyingvidya balan is a jury member and amitabh bachchan declared the festival open with his great gatsby co-star leonardo dicaprio.
most favoured statuspakistans prospective prime minister nawaz sharif showed special favour to the indian media during the campaign.
he called them to the dais when he was interacting with minoritieshindus,christians and sikhs.
he hosted a breakfast meeting for them and invited indian journalists to watch the election results with him.
the western press was so put off by this partiality to the indians that sharif had to compensate by hosting a lunch for them after his victory.
b'union minister of urban development m.venkaiah naidu (source: pti file photo) union minister of urban development m.venkaiah naidu (source: pti file photo)the war of words between the congress and the bjp over the recent suicide of a hyderabad university student escalated sunday, with the opposition party slamming the bjp, especially external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, for claiming that rohith vemula was not a dalit.
they snatched his life.
now they want to steal his identity.
rohith and his struggle live on in our hearts, said congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
in a counter-attack, union minister m venkaiah naidu accused congress of doing tamasha politics over rohiths suicide.
rohiths is not the first incident (suicide)10 (such suicides) incidents have happened during congress regime.
nobody had the time.
no sonia, no rahul and no digvijaya singh.
nobody came to hcu.
nobody consoled, nor condoled.
suddenly now they are doing drama, he said.
the bjp had earlier termed rahuls visit to hyderabad politics of vulturisation and accused him of using the students as a tool in his campaign against prime minister narendra modi.
on sunday, congress upped the ante by fielding its deputy leader in rajya sabha anand sharma to target the pm over the issue.
citing swarajs remarks on rohith, sharma said: her statement makes it clear that what pm modi had said in lucknow was fake compassion and that he was only shedding crocodile tears.
watch video: delhi polices brutality on protesting students outside rss head quarterssharma also hit out at modi for not referring to the issue in his radio address.
despite such a shocking incident the prime minister did not share his views he did not outline what his government is doing to address the demands of the students it was the duty of the pm to take action against two of his ministers and provide relief to the students modi, bjp and the rss do not believe in accountabilitythe pm should tell the nation why he is unable to act against the two ministers he said.
the bjp accused the congress of creating a negative atmosphere in the country.
where on the one hand world leaders are lauding the pms leadership and indias growth story, congress leaders are playing politics of lies and deceit for their petty, selfish gains, said bjp national secretary shrikant sharma.
the bjp was also quick to counter the attack on the rss.
rss means ready for selfless servicerss is the most upright and patriotic organisation in the country, said naidu, in hyderabad ahead of the civic polls.
as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, bhagwati will be remembered as a peoples judge.
as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, bhagwati will be remembered as a peoples judge.
justice p.n. bhagwati, who passed away on thursday at the age of 95, believed that the job of a judge was not just to interpret law but also to make law.
it is, perhaps, this streak of activism that influenced him to pave the way for public interest litigation (pil) in india.
in bandhua mukti morcha v.
union of india & others, bhagwati turned a post card from an activist into a petition and gave a landmark ruling that freed hundreds of bonded labourers.
the pil became an important ally of social activists across the country in their battles against systemic oppression and structural violence.
as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, bhagwati will be remembered as a peoples judge.
if the introduction of the idea of pil marked the pinnacle of his judicial career, bhagwati had his low point during the emergency.
he was one of the five judges in the supreme court bench that ruled in the adm jabalpur (habeas corpus) case in april, 1976.
the sc upended the high court ruling in the case and held that the right to life ceased to exist under the emergency provisions, a ruling that remains a stain on the otherwise stellar record of indias highest court.
justice h.r. khanna was the lone dissenter; that act of superior wisdom and integrity cost him the cjis post, but history earmarked him as a hero of modern india.
in 2011, bhagwati, now 89, pleaded guilty.
he said: the supreme court should be ashamed about the adm jabalpur judgment.
i plead guilty.
i dont know why i yielded.
a year earlier, the sc itself had apologised for the 1976 ruling, which, it said, violated the fundamental rights of a large number of people in the country.
the apology, indeed, came late in the day.
but bhagwati was upfront about his complicity in the courts disgraceful compromise with the establishment.
he didnt shift blame or put it on the system.
it was an act of weakness of my part, he said.
such unqualified confessions of guilt are rare in the indian establishment.
prime minister of sri lanka, ranil wickremesinghe being welcomed at igi airport t3 in new delhi on thursday.
(pti photo) prime minister of sri lanka, ranil wickremesinghe being welcomed at igi airport t3 in new delhi on thursday.
(pti photo)visiting sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe will meet prime minister narendra modi in new delhi wednesday and discuss several issues of mutual interest.
wickremesinghe, who arrived in the national capital tuesday on a three-day visit will also call on president pranab mukherjee.
watch what else making newswickramasinghes visit assumes significance as sri lanka was one of the four saarc member-states which sided with india in pulling out of the saarc summit, scheduled in islamabad on november 9-10, following the terror attack on an army base in uri on september 18 by pakistan-based terrorists.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and some other diplomats will also meet the visiting dignitary.
the sri lankan prime minister will address the opening plenary of the india economic summit in new delhi thursday.
world economic forum is hosting the annual summit which is expected to be attended by various business and political leaders including top policymakers and ceos.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express photo by amit mehra)amid growing bilateral ties, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is set to visit israel on a two-day tour starting january 17.
the high-level trip comes just three months after president pranab mukherjees historic visit.
swarajs presence in israel is of special significance in light of israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahus proposed visit to india later this year, as well as prime minister narendra modis much anticipated visit to the west asian nation.
swaraj is not unknown to diplomatic and government circles in israel.
the israeli media had welcomed her appointment in 2014, citing her successful tenure as the chairperson of the indo-israeli parliamentary friendship group from 2006-09.
india, traditionally seen as a strong backer of the palestinian cause, has changed its diplomatic stance since modi took office.
india has consistently voted against or abstained from anti-israel resolutions at the united nations and other international fora.
swaraj is set to make a brief stopover in the palestinian territories on the day she heads to israel, in an attempt to assure palestinian president mahmoud abbas of indias continued support.
ever since india established full diplomatic ties with israel in 1992, bilateral cooperation has increased manifold.
since the early 1990s, trade between india and israel has risen from the base of $200 million to over $4.
5 billion in 2014-15.
what began as a tight-lipped defence cooperation has now blossomed into a multifaceted partnership, ranging from water technology and agriculture to cancer treatment and space research.
today, technology is redefining a mutual bond between these two ancient civilisations.
over 75,000 jews of indian-origin residing today in israel are a living testament to historic and ethnic ties.
since independence, india has often depended on foreign suppliers for critical defence procurement.
modi seeks to reduce the countrys dependence on foreign suppliers.
as part of the make in india project, the government has eased restrictions on foreign defence manufacturers willing to set up r&d and production units in india.
many leading israeli defence companies have been encouraged by easing regulations and have tied up with indian partners to build manufacturing units.
in the last year, leading defence manufacturers, israel aerospace industries and rafael, have signed agreements with indian counterparts to develop, manufacture and market cutting-edge defence equipment in india.
this bilateral defence cooperation is a partnership on an equal footing.
in early 2008, the indian space research organisation (isro) placed an israeli reconnaissance satellite (tecsar) into orbit.
india and israel are set to foray into the international market by offering the jointly developed barak 8 air and missile defence system to friendly countries.
nato-member poland is evaluating the barak 8 for induction into its naval arsenal.
research and technological cooperation is not limited to defence.
in recent months, israels two leading academic institutions, tel aviv university and idc herzliya, have signed wide-ranging agreements with prominent indian academic institutions, such as mumbai university, the welingkar institute of management, etc.
in recent years, the indian private sector, too, has shown great interest in israels academic research and start-up ecosystem, with indian multinationals making long-term investments in technology firms and research institutions.
the tata group is the lead investor in ramot, the $20mn technology transfer arm of tel aviv university.
last month, mumbais sun pharma announced a tie-up with israels weizmann institute of science to develop treatments for neurological diseases, including brain stroke and brain cancer.
israeli institutions are also keen to engage with students, researchers and young entrepreneurs from india.
with support from the israeli embassy in india, every year, select indian start-up founders get a chance to participate in start tel aviv and connect with israeli and international business leaders and venture capital firms.
israels council for higher education offers hundreds of scholarships to indians interested in pursuing higher education in israel.
additionally, the israel-asia centre offers scholarship and leadership programmes to indian students.
the jerusalem-based centre also runs an mba and leadership programme exclusively tailored to indian women entrepreneurs, providing them the skills and exposure needed to excel in corporate india.
despite growing cooperation in major sunrise sectors, agriculture cooperation is arguably the most transformative component of the relationship.
according to israels envoy to india, daniel carmon, who earlier headed israels agency for international development cooperation (mashav), agriculture is one of the main pillars of israel-india relations.
under the auspices of the indo-israel agricultural project (iiap), several centres of excellence in agriculture have been set up across india since 2008.
these act as a platform for technology transfer to indian farmers, aimed at introducing new crops, increasing yields and improving the quality of farm produce.
at present, 26 such centres are running in nine states.
if implemented, israeli expertise in water resource management and cultivation of arid land could be valuable in ensuring indias future food and water security.
by connecting academic, industrial and start-up ecosystems of both countries, indian businesses and entrepreneurs have the potential to create the synergies needed for a technology-driven future  technology capable of addressing the emerging challenges of urban development, energy generation, water conservation and food security.
the diplomatic initiative to strengthen relations reflects the optimism shared by the indian tech and business community as a whole.
cji t s thakur.
cji t s thakur.
the supreme court collegium is learnt to be unhappy with what it sees as the governments attempt to control appointments in the higher judiciary through some clauses of the draft memorandum of procedure (mop).
chief justice of india t s thakur, sources said, is set to write to the government, expressing the collegiums unanimous views against the draft mop.
it is learnt that the collegium, which met recently to deliberate on the issue, is of the view that the mop, as drafted by the government, is an attempt by the nda government to circumvent judicial pronouncements and settled law on appointments in the higher judiciary, especially after a five-judge bench of the supreme court last october declared as unconstitutional and void the national judicial appointments commission (njac) act passed by parliament last year.
the bench, headed by justice jagdish singh khehar, had also directed that a new mop be finalised by the government in consultation with the cji.
sources told the indian express that cji thakur and four senior-most judges of the supreme court held extensive deliberations on the mop recently.
the view that emerged was that the draft wasnt acceptable in its present form and would have to undergo many changes in order to bring it in compliance with the various judicial pronouncements on appointments in higher judiciary.
the draft mop, while making no attempt to make the appointment system more transparent  one of the main complaints against the collegium system, voiced during the parliament debate on njac act, was that it was too opaque  allows the government to reject any name recommended by the collegium on grounds of national security.
the draft, which was sent by the government to the cji on march 22, also says that in case the government rejects a recommendation, the collegium cant send it again.
sources said the collegium feels this is too broad a contour and will vest the government with power to veto any name that it doesnt like, without assigning any reason.
it also feels that allowing the executive to hold such power would weaken the judiciarys independence.
however, both the government and the collegium are unanimous in their view that the appointments should be kept out of the purview of the right to information act.
many clauses of the draft are repugnant to the judgments in the second, third and fourth judges cases.
the government draft is an attempt by the government to control the appointments through the back door, even though the law is clearly against it.
if the collegium agrees to that, it would mean going against the judgments.
how can that be acceptable?
said a source in the judiciary, who is aware of the development.
we will study the issues raised by the collegium after they reach us and take a view according to law.
however, the draft sent by us was prepared in consultation with legal experts and we arent aware of any legal issues with it.
but, let us wait, said a senior government functionary who is dealing with the issue.
the officer also said the collegiums objections would be placed before the group of ministers headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
srinivas kuchibhotla, right, poses for photo with his wife sunayana dumala in cedar rapids, iowa.
(ap photo via kranti shalia) srinivas kuchibhotla, right, poses for photo with his wife sunayana dumala in cedar rapids, iowa.
(ap photo via kranti shalia)union minister venkaiah naidu on sunday condemned the killing of an indian engineer in kansas, saying the us government should respond to such incidents and take the strongest action.
usa should respond to this incident.
american president and people of america, they should come out openly to condemn such actionsand then take strongest action.
also send a message that it is not acceptable, naidu told reporters in hyderabad.
watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineerthese kind of incidents involving racial discrimination are shameful.
they will dent the image of usa.
so the us president, administration and civil societies should unequivocally respond and condemn such incidents.
i as a central minister condemn such incidents, he said.
according to reports, the shooter who has been arrested, yelled get out of my country before opening fire on 32-year-old srinivas kuchibhotla and his indian colleague alok madasani on wednesday night.
srinivas was killed while his friend was injured.
a third person, an american man identified as ian grillot, 24, who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing in austins bar and grill in olathe in kansas city in the us state of missouri.
naidu said he spoke regarding the incident to his cabinet colleague and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who gave appropriate directions to the indian high commission.
it is shocking that kuchibhotla was shot dead in an alleged (case of) racial discrimination.
it caused mental agony to all indians.
i express my sympathies to the bereaved family.
the moment i came to know about the incident i spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she accordingly gave instructions to the indian high commission in usa, he said.
nepal president bidya devi bhandari nepal president bidya devi bhandariin her first overseas tour, nepalese president bidya devi bhandari will arrive here tomorrow on a five-day visit, during which she will hold talks with top indian leadership to strengthen bilateral ties.
she will hold talks with president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi, exploring ways to expand cooperation between the two close neighbours whose ties faced some strain following the agitation by the madhesi community last year.
vice president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will call on the nepalese president.
bhandari was scheduled to visit india in may last year, but the trip was cancelled after the then cabinet did not endorse the visit programme, citing lack of preparations on the part of the government.
the bilateral ties between the two countries had faced turbulence last year due to the madhesi agitation and the subsequent blockade which halted the supply of essential goods to landlocked nepal from india.
madhesis, mostly of indian-origin, had been demanding that the new constitution be amended to include their concerns about adequate political representation and redrawing of federal boundaries.
it will be bhandaris first state visit abroad after assuming the charge of the high office in october 2015.
she will be staying at the rashtrapati bhawan.
a high-level delegation comprising several ministers, mps and senior officials will be accompanying her.
her visit will reflect the priority that india attaches to further strengthening the age-old and unique partnership with nepal, shared cultural and historical linkages, and strong people-to-people relationship, meas joint secretary (north) sudhakar dalela said at a press conference today.
he further said, it is a special goodwill visit and we hope this will help further cement our ties.
the visit would also give us an excellent opportunity to review all aspects of our wide-ranging partnership with nepal.
on april 18, she will also attend a business event being organised by industry chambers cii, ficci and assocham.
the president will host a banquet in her honour on april 18.
she will later visit gujarat and odisha and pay obeisance at temples of dwarka, somnath and puri, dalela said.
in delhi, she would also visit the yamuna biodiversity park here.
emphasising the importance of the visit, the senior mea official said it comes in the backdrop of intensified bilateral engagements.
president pranab mukherjee had also visited nepal in november.
these exchanges have been immensely useful in ensuring steady progress in co-operative ties across diverse sectors, such as trade, economic investment, water resources, energy sector including power trading, defence and security, oil and gas sector, culture and more importantly, people to people ties, dalela added.
at the same time, we have maintained our focus on implementation of ongoing connectivity and development projects, such as tarai roads, cross-border rail linkages, development of integrated check posts (icps), cross-border oil pipelines and transmission lines.
also, the bilateral oversight mechanism set up last october to monitor and expedite implementation of ongoing projects has met three times already, and has been extremely helpful in addressing related issues on both sides, he said.
dalela said the energy cooperation between the two countries is witnessing a new high, especially in the backdrop of the indias approval of the rs 5,720-crore hydro power project (arun-iii) to be set up in nepal.
india supplies 350 mw electricity to nepal.
and their government has proposed 16 road and bridge projects worth usd 300 million under the line of credit of usd 550 million, which we have agreed to and we look forward to its completion in the coming months, he said.
later, responding to a question on the post-demonetisation effect in nepal, where indian currency is accepted, he only said, the nepal rastra bank (nrb) and rbi are still in consultation to smoothen out issues that may have arisen.
the bjp has asked all media coordinators and spokespersons of state units to become proactive and aggressively promote narendra modi as its star in the run-up to elections.
at a meeting of bjp media coordinators and spokespersons of all states held in new delhi on saturday,senior bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley,ravi shankar prasad and rajnath singh gave tips to over 300 members of various bjp media cells on how to attack the congress governments,raise issues before anybody else does and launch counterattacks in all the states if any national-level congress leader makes a statement on any issue.
the media coordinators were told to swamp social media with issues that bjp raises and promote bjp-ruled states as models.
discussions were held on how to react to congress propaganda,raise issues that corner the congress,and how our media cells can play a more proactive role and make bjp more visible in all the states, said a media coordinator from andhra unit.
bjp media cells will be fully active now and become very aggressive, said bjp spokesperson n ramchander rao.
media cells and coordinators will promote modi as their main leader and refer to him as the future leader of the country.
a meeting of state,city and district presidents will be held sunday in delhi.
bjp president rajnath singh,modi and venkaiah naidu will oversee the activation of media cells.
union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and union minister for health and family welfare jp nadda during a cabinet briefing for the press on the surrogacy bill in new delhi on wednesday.
express photo by tashi tobgyal union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and union minister for health and family welfare jp nadda during a cabinet briefing for the press on the surrogacy bill in new delhi on wednesday.
express photo by tashi tobgyalindia on wednesday underlined its claim over territories of jammu and kashmir under pakistani occupation amid moves by islamabad to declare gilgit- baltistan as a new province.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asserted in the lok sabha that it would be wrong to think that india will let go of any part of its territory.
she made the statement after bjd leader bhartruhari mahtab wondered if the government has even properly responded to pakistans move to make gilgit-baltistan its fifth province.
noting that some western countries had criticised it, he asked, what is our governments response?
he asked the government to not forget history or it will be condemned to repeat it.
even raising a doubt over this government that it will let go of some area will be wrong, the minister added.
she noted that both houses of parliament had passed resolutions which had iterated indias claim over the pok and gilgit-baltistan, both under pakistans occupation, and the government was bound by it.
she also quoted a bjp slogan which underlines indias claim over the territory and noted that its founder shyama prasad mookerjee had sacrificed his life over this.
we are bound by parliaments resolutions and also ourresolve, she said.
b'vk singh at parliament house (express photo by praveen jain/file) vk singh at parliament house (express photo by praveen jain/file)a special plane carrying the bodies of 38 of 39 indians, who went missing in mosul in june 2014 and whom the government recently declared dead, is expected to land in amritsar on monday.
on sunday, minister of state for external affairs v k singh left for iraq to bring back the mortal remains of those killed.
the 39th body is not being brought back now since dna testing had only provided a 70 per cent match; the others have had more than 95 per cent match.
the minister left around 1 pm from the hindon airbase and is expected to return with the bodies tomorrow, an official said.
from amritsar, singh is expected to patna, followed by kolkata to hand over bodies to their relatives, official sources said.
the remaining 39 indians were taken to badoosh and killed, she had said.
of the 39 who died, 27 are from punjab, four from himachal pradesh, two from west bengal and six from bihar.
the punjab government has deputed local bodies minister navjot sidhu to receive the mortal remains at the airport.
haryana food and civil supplies minister krishan kapoor and deputy commissioner, kangra (himachal pradesh), sandeep kumar will be present at the airport to receive the mortal remains of those from their state.
some of the family members of the victims said doctors and the district administration had advised them not to open the coffins and conduct the last rites immediately, within 15-20 minutes of bodies reaching homes.
the last rites will be performed under the supervision of district administrations in punjab and himachal pradesh.
we wanted to keep the remains for a couple of days because some of our relatives have to reach from faraway places, but the district administration has advised us that it would not be possible to keep the remains for long.
we have now planned to do the cremation around 4 pm tomorrow, said surinder kaur, mother of gurdeep singh of jaidpur village in punjab.
parwinder singh, brother of kamaljit singh of chauni kalan village in hoshiarpur district, said, we have been advised to not even open the coffin.
though we understand the condition of the body wont be good, we will still request the district administration to allow us one last look.
when asked about the request of the kin, a deputy commissioner from doaba region, who didnt want to be named, said, we are going strictly by the governments instructions.
meanwhile, a parliamentary panel standing committee headed by congress mp shashi tharoor has called a meeting on monday to deliberate upon the safety and security of indian workers in conflict zones.
b'the pms choicesprime minister manmohan singh was personally interested in montek singh ahluwalia,brajesh mishra and shyam saran being honoured with padma awards this year.
they were rewarded for services in promoting the indo-us nuclear deal and strengthening ties with the us.
saran was foreign secretary when the nuclear deal was clinched.
planning commission deputy chairperson,montek singh ahluwalia,whose wife isher incidentally was awarded a padma two years ago,played a key role in preparing the draft document for the deal.
brajesh mishra differed with his party,the bjp,in endorsing the nuclear deal.
he even spoke in favour of the civil nuclear liability bill,long before the bjp agreed to support it.
some bjp leaders who resented mishra,a virtual outsider,being given the top slot in atal bihari vajpayees pmo, now claim that mishra bailed out the congress more than once during vajpayees tenure.
one-upmanship yatrathe bjps ekta yatra to hoist the tri-colour at lal chowk evolved from a modest programme of the bjps yuva morcha to a major confrontation between the party and the government.
this was due partly to the shrill over-reaction of the upa and also because of competitive rivalry within the bjps own ranks.
when its youth wing chief,anurag thakur,proposed hoisting the flag at lal chowk,chief minister,omar abdullah reacted belligerently.
the union home ministry intervened to stop abdullah from shooting off his mouth.
in the process,the home ministry,and even prime minister manmohan singh,spoke out forcefully against the bjp plan.
with the upa upping the ante,arun jaitley,who was earlier slated to speak in jammu,opted to join the yatra.
parliamentary leader sushmaswaraj swaraj promptly followed suit,as did ananth kumar.
unhappy to be left out,former bjp president,rajnath singh,donned a knitted bonnet and sat on dharna in delhi.
swaraj provided regular updates of the ongoing tussle between the bjp leaders and the authorities on her new twitter account,competing with media-in-charge ravi shankar prasad,who regularly briefed journalists in delhi on the same issue.
weaving a storyone of this years padma shri awardees is gajam govardhana,a craftsman from andhra pradesh whose family still produces the delicately woven telia rumal sari.
govardhana has won several national and international awards for continuing a weaving tradition which is almost extinct.
his most famous customer is sonia gandhi whose telia rumal saris are of the finest quality tussar silk.
incidentally,no practising journalist was included in this years awards list.
some feel this is a fall-out of the radia tapes.
others point out that because of an rti application,all the names of journalists nominated for awards this year were made public and circulated widely through sms.
this made it embarrassing for the government to pick and choose from the list,as those left out would have felt offended.
two prospective pmsworld bank president robert b zoellick met rahul gandhi during his recent visit to india and had an unpublicised one-hour long private meeting with the gandhi scion.
the congress youth leader is believed to have impressed zoellick by referring to several rural development schemes launched by the upa government and the right to information bill.
during his week-long stay in the country,zoellick also flew to bihar where he met chief minister nitish kumar and got a glimpse of the kosi river cleanup operation.
while chatting with finance minister pranab mukherjee,zoellick remarked that he had met two prospective indian prime ministers,gandhi and kumar,during his trip.
overburdened elitethe long-awaited revamp of the congress party organisation has been postponed yet again.
it is three years since the organisation was re-vamped and the high command seems in no hurry to rectify the anomalies in which a few office bearers hold dual and even triple charges.
in fact,some congress leaders have been entrusted with even more responsibilities over the last fortnight.
oscar fernandes,who is chairperson of the parliamentary hrd standing committee and heads half-a-dozen key aicc committee,including the central election authority,organisation of aicc meetings and cwc sessions,has been put in charge of haryana and jammu and kashmir,which were earlier entrusted to prithviraj chavan.
v narayanasamy,who is now minister of state in the pmo,is also in charge of the parliamentary affairs,personnel and public grievances portfolios and looks after chhattisgarh and some northeastern states for the party.
b'dna of 38 matched remains from mass grave near mosul, feared killed by is.
dna of 38 matched remains from mass grave near mosul, feared killed by is.
an anxious four-year wait for a group of families from punjab, himachal pradesh, bihar and west bengal ended on a tragic note tuesday with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informing the rajya sabha that the 39 indians who had been reported missing in iraq since june 2014 were confirmed dead.
after all formalities are completed, mos external affairs, general (retd) v k singh, will bring the remains back from baghdad on a special aircraft, she said.
read | indians killed in iraq: for 4 years, swinging between hope, despairthe men are believed to have been killed by members of the islamic state during their attack on mosul  the terror group was ousted from the city last year.
i had said that closure will be done with full proof.
and when we will, with a heavy heart, give the mortal remains to their kin, it will be a kind of closure.
prime minister narendra modi took to twitter to condole the deaths and express support for swaraj and gen singh.
every indian grieves with those who lost their loved ones in mosul.
we stand in solidarity with the bereaved families and pay our respects to the indians killed in mosul, modi posted.
the mea and particularly my colleagues @sushmaswaraj ji and @gen_vksingh ji left no stone unturned in trying to trace and safely bring back those we lost in mosul.
our government remains fully committed towards ensuring the safety of our sisters and brothers overseas, he wrote.
read | always said they were killed, says lone survivor harjit masihswaraj had previously rejected claims by harjit masih from gurdaspur, the only one to escape from that group comprising mostly construction workers, that he had witnessed the 39 being gunned down by the is.
masih returned to india in 2014.
on tuesday, swaraj described masihs version of events as a cock-and-bull story, and said that he had escaped by claiming that he was a muslim from bangladesh.
masih is an individual.
we are a government.
it would have been irresponsible on our part to have declared them dead.
we are not like some governments, which conclude that missing means believed to be killed, she said.
just last year, swarajs ministry was led to believe by its sources in the middle east that the missing men  27 were from punjab, four from himachal, and eight from bihar and west bengal  were lodged in a prison in badosh.
in 2014 and 2015, the government had said on at least six occasions that the indians were safe and alive.
mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)after that information was shared, she said, the mos asked the iraqi government to use deep penetration radar to check if there were any human remains underneath.
when the radar confirmed those suspicions, the iraqi authorities were asked to dig on the mound and exhume the remains.
read: my stand vindicated, case against me should be withdrawnwe found (the remains of) 39 bodies in total, said swaraj, adding that workers at the site found long hair and kada (metallic bangle), indicating that some of those buried could be of members of the sikh community.
later, she said, dna samples collected from the families of those missing were matched with that from the bodies.
on monday, indias ambassador in iraq, pradeep singh rajpurohit, informed the government that dna samples had confirmed a match in 38 out of 39 bodies.
there was a 70 per cent match in one body, but officials said that could be because the samples were collected from relatives and not the missing workers parents who had died earlier.
there were mass graves.
it was a pile of bodies.
to track down the bodies of our people and take them to baghdad to test was a huge task.
the union minister was unable to deliver the statement in the lok sabha due to loud protests from various parties over different issues, including the special package for andhra pradesh and distribution of cauvery water.
b'the nepal prime minister and his wife met pm narendra modi at rashtrapati bhawan for ceremonial reception.
(express photo by praveen jain) the nepal prime minister and his wife met pm narendra modi at rashtrapati bhawan for ceremonial reception.
(express photo by praveen jain)nepal prime minister kp oli arrived in new delhi on friday on a three-day visit to india.
the visiting leader was accorded a ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhavan this morning, where he was welcomed by president ram nath kovind and prime minister narendra modi.
he also paid tribute to mahatma gandhi at raj ghat.
olis visit is in line with the tradition of a nepalese premier visiting india on his first overseas trip.
oli and modi held bilateral talks this afternoon.
he also met top indian leaders including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he will meet home minister rajnath singh later this evening.
ahead of his visit, oli had said his visit would mainly focus on implementing past agreements signed between nepal and india, rather than signing new ones.
we want to maintain trustful (ties) with india and clear any suspicion in the bilateral relations, oli had said.
also read | soft hands and hard bargaining: what to watch in modi-oli meetingoli took charge as nepals prime minister for the second time in february.
the victim described the shooter as a six-foot-tall white man, wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
the victim described the shooter as a six-foot-tall white man, wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
a 39-year-old sikh man was shot outside his home in kent, washington, in the us by a partially-masked gunman who reportedly shouted go back to your own country.
the suspected hate crime comes days after an indian engineer was killed in a similar incident in kansas.
deep rai, who is a us citizen, was working on his vehicle outside his home in kent on friday when he was approached by a stranger, who walked up to his driveway.
the kent police said an argument broke out between the two men, with rai saying the suspect made statements like go back to your own country.
the unidentified man then shot him in the arm.
kent police are looking for the gunman.
kent police chief ken thomas said while rai sustained non life-threatening injuries, they are treating this as a very serious incident.
media reports said the authorities were investigating the shooting as a suspected hate crime.
to think this could happen in our community is very surprising and very disappointing, thomas was quoted as saying in one report.
thomas added that the suspect and the victim did not know each other.
this is the first incident of this magnitude that i am aware of in the city of kent.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted about the incident, saying, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian-origin.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh, father of the victim.
he told me that his son had a bullet injury on his arm.
he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital.
in a separate tweet, swaraj condoled the killing of harnish patel, a us national of indian origin, in lancaster, south carolina, earlier last week.
our consul has reached lancaster and met the family of harnish patel, she said.
patel, 43, the owner of a convenience store, was found dead of gunshot wounds in the front yard of his home.
police have said that patels indian ethnicity did not appear to be a factor in his killing.
marykay l carlson, charge daffaires, american embassy in new york, said she was saddened by the attack on rai.
wishes for quick and full recovery.
as @potus said we condemn hate and evil in all its forms, she tweeted.
as part of their investigation, kent police have reached out to the fbi and other law enforcement agencies.
were early on in our investigation, thomas said.
kent police commander jarod kasner said the incident is drawing the attention of the sikh community and others.
with recent unrest and concern throughout the nation, this can get people emotionally involved, especially when (the crime) is directed at a person for how they live, how they look, kasner said.
the incident is the latest in a series of attacks on members of the indian community in apparent hate crimes.
the worst was the killing of engineer srinivas kuchibhotla in kansas by a 51-year-old us navy veteran adam purinton, who yelled at him to get out of my country, on february 22.
kuchibhotlas friend, who was with him at the time, was injured in the attack.
in another incident, a video showed an african-american man intimidating an indian-american woman in a new york subway and telling her to go back to her country.
hira singh, a sikh community leader in kent, said the attack on rai was shocking.
this kind of incident shakes up the whole community, he said, adding there have been increasing complaints recently from sikh community members who say they have been the target of foul language or other comments.
about 50,000 sikhs live in washington state, with most in the puget sound region, he said.
indian-american congresswoman pramila jayapal on sunday urged the donald trump administration to probe rais shooting as a hate crime, and to speak out strongly against such incidents.
i urge the trump administration not only to investigate this shooting as a hate crime, but to take bold steps to fight hate-based violence in our communities.
enough is enough, jayapal, 51, the first ever indian-american woman to be elected to the us house of representatives, said.
people of colour are living under constant fear of violence driven by racism unfortunately, the trump administrations vilification and otherising of immigrant communities have real consequences for americans across this country, she said.
b'bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday sought to downplay the divergent views expressed by her and the party after the prime minister owned responsibility for the cvc fiasco,saying there was no difference of opinion and blamed limitations of words in twitter for it.
there is no difference within the party and between me and (arun) jaitley on the issue.
the demands he (jaitley) made,the prime minister had already spoken about it that he (singh) will give a statement in parliament.
that is why i did not put it on the twitter there is a constraint in twitter that you have to say things in 140 characters.
so i did not put it on twitter, she said.
she was responding when pointed out that after the prime ministers statement,she had said that the matter should end but jaitley and party spokesman ravi shankar prasad had maintained that it was not enough and singh needed to give a structured response in parliament.
newspapapers have tried to show difference between me and jaitley.
the only difference is that he demanded a statement from the pm in parliament.
in fact pm had said that he (singh) will make a statement in parliament, she sought to explain.
the prime minister yesterday told reporters in jammu that he accepted the responsibility concerning the cvc fiasco.
soon after,swaraj wrote on the twitter,i appreciate the statement of the prime minister owning responsibility for the appointment of cvc,which has been quashed by the supreme court.
i think this is enough.
let matters rest at this and we move forward.
b'sonu (centre) with his family in seemapuri.
sonu (centre) with his family in seemapuri.
in the last six years, sonu, now 12 years old, often prayed and kept rozas, hoping to be reunited with his family in northeast delhis seemapuri.
on friday, six years after he was abducted and taken to bangladesh, he was reunited with his family after the intervention of the external affairs ministry.
sonu was handed over to the indian high commission in dhaka three days ago by local authorities, following a court order.
i want to celebrate eid with my family, said sonu, exhausted after the long journey, but finally back home.
his family members  parents, two brothers and one sister  could barely contain their happiness at his return.
his brother nontu, who had carefully kept sonus photograph, carrom board and other sundry items all these years, said, i am just happy that he is here on eid.
watch video: whats making newsrecalling the moment when she met her son after six years, sonus mother madhuri said, he hugged me i heard his voice after six years.
we both cried.
on the day sonu went missing, she said, he was playing outside.
suddenly, i could not see him.
i searched for him everywhere and went to the police so many times.
but we couldnt find him, said madhuri.
i sought the help of babas and tantriks they told me my son was dead, but i knew that was not true, she said.
the family even visited allahabad and bareilly to look for their son, but their search was in vain.
in may, a man, identified as jamal, came to their home and showed them a picture of sonu.
jamal was from bangladesh he told us our son was there.
he revealed that sonu had been abducted from outside our house by a woman who had had an argument with me earlier.
she took my son to bangladesh and tortured him, claimed madhuri.
she said jamal lived in the same locality as the kidnapper and he had befriended the boy.
sonus father mehboob, a car mechanic, said he was incredibly happy about his sons return, but also worried about his future.
we are lucky that he is with us again.
he has lost six crucial years of his life he was beaten up and forced to do menial jobs.
he has lost his childhood.
i want him to study in a good school, but i cannot afford one.
i request everyone, specially higher authorities, to help me get my son educated, said mehboob.
earlier in the day, sonu, accompanied by his parents, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and thanked her for ensuring his return.
from geeta to gurpreet, and now to sonu!
eam @sushmaswaraj welcomes the young boy sonu home from bangladesh, tweeted ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup, along with a photograph of swaraj welcoming sonu.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday appealed to the indian workers, who have lost their jobs in saudi arabia, to file their claims for unpaid dues with their employers and come back home soon and said the government will bear the cost of their return.
indian workers in saudi arabia  please file your claims and return home.
we will bring you back free of charge.
she said that settlement of claims will take time and that there was no point in waiting in saudi arabia indefinitely.
earlier this month minister of state for external affairs v k singh singh had rushed to saudi arabia after large number of indian workers sought indian governments intervention in taking up their difficulties with the saudi authorities.
he had also gone to saudi arabia last week to resolve the matter.
the saudi government, then, had agreed to swiftly resolve plight of the laid-off indian workers including providing them free passage to return to india and clearing their unpaid dues.
thousands of indian workers have lost their jobs due to slowdown in saudi economy, triggered by low oil prices and cut in spending by the government.
the indian government had requested the saudi authorities to give the unemployed indian workers exit visas without noc (no-objection certificate) from employers and also urged it to clear the dues of workers who have not been paid for months, whenever they settle the accounts with the companies concerned.
as per rules, no foreign employee can leave the country without noc by the employers.
the saudi government also agreed to allow transfer of indian employees, who have lost their jobs, to any other company within saudi arabia.
as per rules, foreign employees cannot change jobs with permission of the company where they were employed.
b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday said that the government was making last minute efforts to save an indian man facing execution on thursday in indonesia in a drug related case.
gurdip singh (48) was found guilty by indonesian authorities of trying to smuggle drugs into the country.
gurdip singh is facing death sentence in a drug case in indonesia.
gurdip singh is facing death sentence in a drug case in indonesia.
/1 @nuktevivek  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 27, 2016we are making last minute efforts to save him from execution on 28 july.
/2 @nuktevivek  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 27, 2016singh was reportedly given death sentence by a district court in indonesias tanggerang banten province.
singh, who hails from jalandhar in punjab, is among 14 people who are facing execution after the authorities decided to resume implementing death penalties.
the decision was criticised by human rights organisations.
the 14 drug convicts that may be executed this weekend include people from at least four nationalities i.
e.
nigeria, zimbabwe, pakistan and india, the attorney general, muhammad prasetyo, said on wednesday.
indonesia is stepping up a war on drugs, according to the attorney general.
news of the impending executions prompted condemnation from the united nations and the european union.
the un human rights chief expressed alarm and urged indonesia to reinstate a moratorium on the death penalty that was suspended in 2013.
i find it deeply disturbing that indonesia has already executed 19 people since 2013, making it the most prolific executioner in south-east asia, said zeid raad al hussein, the u.n. high commissioner for human rights.
the eu also called on indonesia to halt all executions.
the death penalty is a cruel and inhumane punishment, which fails to act as a deterrent and represents an unacceptable denial of human dignity and integrity, a spokeswoman for the eu foreign policy chief said in a statement.
high commissioner for human rights zeid raad al hussein said the un human rights office is deeply concerned by death penalty cases that lack transparency and compliance with the right to receive a fair trial, including the right to an appeal.
the increasing use of the death penalty in indonesia is terribly worrying and i urge the government to end this practice, which is unjust and incompatible with human rights, zeid said in a statement.
we understand that there is a camp that does not agree with us, but no matter what, this is not a pleasant work but it still has to be done, prasetyo said.
the indonesian officials have not provided the exact date on which the executions will take place.
b'prime minister narendra modi and road transport, highways & shipping minister nitin gadkari during the launch of setu bharatam project.
(express file photo by amit mehra/file) prime minister narendra modi and road transport, highways & shipping minister nitin gadkari during the launch of setu bharatam project.
(express file photo by amit mehra/file)union minister nitin gadkari on saturday said he does not aspire to be the prime minister and is content with what he has achieved.
i am contented and not dreaming of becoming the prime minister nor do i aspire for it.
i am confident that the party has elected modi and under his leadership alone we will fight and win the 2019 election, the union minister said at the india today conclave in mumbai.
i dont see such dreams.
i work as per my aukaad and haisiyat (status and capacity).
i have not given my photo to anyone, never passed my biodata or put up my cutout anywhere.
nor does anyone come to airport to receive me.
i work as per my ability, gadkari, who holds transport and shipping portfolio, said.
asked about strained relations of the bjp with allies  the telugu desam party, shiv sena and akali dal  and if he could emerge as a consensus candidate if his party fails to get the required numbers in the 2019 lok sabha polls, he said the bjp would retain power under narendra modis leadership.
he exuded confidence that all allies of the bjp would come together for the next general elections, but parried a specific question on whether the shiv sena, which has gone public with its intention of going solo, will be with it, saying there is nothing certain in politics.
drawing from a popular marathi phrase, he said even though they might be bickering, it is not possible for the allies to do without the bjp.
interestingly, the bjp leader also made it clear that even though he loves maharashtrian culture, he has settled well in new delhi after initial difficulties and has no intention to return to mumbai.
the minister also said a false perception has been created about modi and asserted that the prime minister is democratic who listens to others on important policy matters.
gadkari cited specific instances like the policy on oilseeds where he has publicly differed with the prime minister and added that cabinet meetings last for over four hours at times.
even after cabinet meetings, ministers, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, often hold meetings with modi and bjp president amit shah, he said.
modi is very disciplined and a person of convictions in his personal life, which may lead some to believe that he is very stiff, gadkari said, reiterating that this does not mean that he will not listen to anyone.
to a question on whether the bjp under shah and modi is different than under earlier leaders, he seemed to suggest that change is the only constant and one has to be so.
when asked about bjps slogan of acche din and if the party will be going to the electorate with a message of having delivered on the promise, gadkari said human aspirations are limitless and belief in acche din is based on a persons ability in admitting the same.
he said availing roti (food), kapda (clothing) and makaan (housing) can make a person believe in the acche din slogan and enumerated the steps taken by the modi government to address these needs of the people.
b'presiding judge ronny abraham of france (far right) and other judges enter the courtroom at the hague on thursday.
ap photo presiding judge ronny abraham of france (far right) and other judges enter the courtroom at the hague on thursday.
ap photocategorically rejecting pakistans arguments of sovereignty and its claims of due process, the international court of justice (icj) at the hague thursday stayed the execution of former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav until the court gives its final decision after the completion of proceedings.
jadhav, 46, who is in pakistans custody since march last year, had been sentenced to death by a military court  its proceedings were secret  on april 10 on charges of espionage and subversive activities.
within hours of the verdict, india called it the first step in ensuring justice, and one which was a matter of great relief for people of the country.
read | tussle between army, govt will shape how the hague verdict plays out in pakistanthe verdict accepted indias key arguments, including the one about icjs jurisdiction for which it had cited violation of the vienna convention on consular relations.
this had been challenged by pakistan at the hearing on may 15.
the hague also accepted new delhis argument about the urgency of the matter which had also been contested by islamabad citing the 150-day clemency period.
what was special about the verdict, from new delhis point of view, was that it was a unanimous one by an 11-judge bench  a significant diplomatic achievement in the current standoff with islamabad.
the court did not issue directions on consular access, which is going to be the next step for india.
while all eyes are on pakistan on whether the civilian government led by pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif is able to lean on the powerful military and grant consular access, sources in new delhi told the indian express that they are considering reiterating their request for consular access again in the next few days.
while there were differing voices in pakistan on whether the icj order will be implemented or not, new delhi reminded them that the order is legally binding.
reading out the verdict, three days after it was argued by both sides, icj president ronny abraham said: pakistan shall take all measures at its disposal to ensure that mr jadhav is not executed pending the final decision in these proceedings and shall inform the court of all the measures taken in implementation of the order.
the united nations highest judicial body, which had earlier been approached by india, noted:  the mere fact that mr jadhav is under a death sentence and might therefore be executed is sufficient to demonstrate the existence of a risk of irreparable prejudice to the rights claimed by india.
pakistan has indicated that any execution of mr jadhav would probably not take place before the month of august 2017.
this means that there is a risk that an execution could take place at any moment thereafter, before the court has given its final decision in the case.
the court also notes that pakistan has given no assurance that mr jadhav will not be executed before the court has rendered its final decision.
in those circumstances, the court is satisfied that there is urgency in the present case the court also decides that, until it has given its final decision, it shall remain seized of the matters which form the subject matter of this order.
as soon as the order came, prime minister narendra modi reportedly spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who described the verdict as a great relief.
they thanked senior lawyer harish salve who headed the battery of lawyers presenting indias case.
home minister rajnath singh said the order gave people of india a deep sense of satisfaction and relief.
he said the modi government will go to any extent to save jadhav.
officials in south block, glued to their tv screens from 3.
30 pm when the verdict was read out at the hague, said the fact that the icj had endorsed indias legal position on all counts was a major sense of satisfaction.
gopal baglay, the ministry of external affairs (mea) official spokesperson, said: the provisional relief provided by the icj is the first step in ensuring justice to jadhav.
the order by the icj is unanimous, favourable, clear and unambiguous.
the verdict a matter of great relief for people of the country.
i assure the nation that under the leadership of prime minister modi we will leave no stone unturned to save kulbhushan jadhav.
asserting its jurisdiction over the case, the icj said in its order: the parties do indeed appear to have differed, and still differ today, on the question of indias consular assistance to mr. jadhav under the vienna convention.
it further notes that the acts alleged by india, i.
e.
, the alleged failure by pakistan to provide the requisite consular notifications with regard to the arrest and detention of mr jadhav, as well as the alleged failure to allow communication and provide access to him, appear to be capable of falling within the scope of the convention.
in the view of the court, this is sufficient to establish that it has prima facie jurisdiction under article i of the optional protocol.
the court further observes that the existence of a 2008 bilateral agreement between the parties on consular relations does not change its conclusion on jurisdiction.
pakistan had cited the bilateral consular access agreement to challenge icjs jurisdiction whereas india had invoked the international law, the globally accepted vienna convention.
the icj also backed indias contention that there has been violation of the vienna convention on consular relations since its requests for consular access to its national had been denied.
the court then turns to the question whether the rights alleged by india are at least plausible.
it observes that the rights to consular notification and access between a state and its nationals, as well as the obligations of the detaining state to inform the person concerned without delay of his rights with regard to consular assistance and to allow their exercise, are recognised in article 36, paragraph 1, of the vienna convention, and that india has alleged violations of this provision.
in the view of the court, therefore, it appears that the rights alleged by india are plausible, the court order stated.
on the issue of urgency shown by new delhi, the icj once again backed new delhis stance: it considers that the mere fact that mr. jadhav is under a death sentence and might therefore be executed is sufficient to demonstrate the existence of a risk of irreparable prejudice to the rights claimed by india.
the court further observes that pakistan has indicated that any execution of mr. jadhav would probably not take place before the month of august 2017.
this means that there is a risk that an execution could take place at any moment thereafter, before the court has given its final decision in the case.
the court also notes that pakistan has given no assurance that mr. jadhav will not be executed before the court has rendered its final decision.
in those circumstances, the court is satisfied that there is urgency in the present case.
pakistan had told the court that the 150-day clemency period could last till august, since he was sentenced on april 10.
asked about the statement by the pakistan foreign office that it does not accept the icjs jurisdiction in matters related to national security, baglay said icj president had made it very clear that the verdict is legally binding international obligation.
advertisingthe situation in libya has suddenly worsened.
there is fighting in tripoli.
indian embassy in tunisia @indiaintunisia has evacuated the entire contingent of 15 crpf personnel yesterday itself.
i appreciate the excellent work by the indian embassy in tunisia.
#libya, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
this came after eastern libyan army commander khalifa haftar on thursday ordered his forces, the libyan national army (lna), to take over tripoli  the capital of the united nations-backed government  amid reports of escalating political tension in the country.
the us also said sunday that it had temporarily withdrawn some of its forces from libya due to security conditions on the ground.
advertisinga small contingent of american troops has been in libya in recent years helping local forces combat islamic state and al-qaida militants, as well as protecting diplomatic facilities.
haftar has been accused of violating agreements by fayez sarraj, the prime minister of the tripoli-based un-backed government of national accord (gna).
after years-long civil conflict, libya currently has no single government.
the lna is backing the tobruk-based parliament, which governs the east of libya, and the gna controls libyas western parts from tripoli.
even though a deal was signed in 2015 which created the gna as the legitimate libyan government, it was not fully implemented due to disagreements with the tobruk-based parliament.
fighting between the lna and forces backing the gna was underway sunday at the international airport, some 24 km from central tripoli, after haftar claimed to have seized the area.
b'congress president rahul gandhi congress president rahul gandhithe bjp on thursday accused rahul gandhi of doing politics on dead bodies, after the congress chief criticised the government over the killing of 39 indians in iraq.
union minister ravi shankar prasad also rejected the congress claim that it had never used the services of cambridge analytica, and insisted that the opposition party and gandhi did do it.
addressing a press conference, prasad said it was the congress which had disrupted proceedings in the lok sabha when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had sought to make a statement on the deaths of these indians.
all i will tell rahul gandhi he should not do politics on dead bodies of indians who lost their lives in very unfortunate circumstances, he told reporters.
his response came after gandhi suggested that the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from these deaths as it was caught lying on the issue.
prasad insisted that the congress has used the services of cambridge analytica, which has been accused of harvesting peoples data from platforms like facebook unlawfully to influence elections in different countries.
he said several media reports about the opposition party using the services of the firm had appeared in october and november last year and it never denied those stories till the bjp raised the issue yesterday.
prasad alleged that imprints of cambridge analytica were visible in the congress campaign in gujarat.
it ran a poisonous and divisive campaign in the state, he claimed.
the opposition party maintained a conspicuous silence on the role of a dubious company, he said, adding that it prompts him to question whether it has an ability to run this country.
on questions about reports that an indian company, which was cambridge analyticas partner, might have worked for the bjp and its allies as well, prasad insisted that his party never had any ties with the foreign company.
there is no authentic confirmation of any indian partner of the company working for the bjp or its allies, he said.
he, however, sought to make a distinction between cambridge analytica and its partner, saying the former has been accused of using honey trap and data theft.
disappointed with the union finance ministrys response to their demand for rollback of 10 per cent excise duty on readymade clothes,garment manufacturing units in the state have decided to join the countrywide strike on march 14 and 15.
finance minister pranab mukherjee had proposed to levy 10 per cent excise duty on branded apparel in the budget 2011-12.
later,vijay purohit,the president of gujarat garment manufacturers association (ggma),and other office-bearers had called on ahmed patel,the political secretary of aicc president sonia gandhi,and opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi three days ago to help get the levy rolled back.
he said ggma has planned a massive public meeting at gheekanta,which is a hub of readymade garment manufacturing,on monday morning.
on tuesday,a day-long demonstration will be held at sardar park opposite rupalee cinema.
in the evening,they will form a human chain on nehru bridge over the sabarmati,he said.
purohit said that if the levy proposal was not withdrawn,it would cause nearly 15 per cent hike in the costof garment.
why (are they) troubling us when gst is just a year awaywhen all taxes will be merged into one?
he said.
according to him,there are 8,000 big and small garment manufacturing units in the city employing 13 lakh people in various capacities,mostly daily wage earners,with average daily earning of rs 300 to rs 400.
we are taking the issue to the people through these programmers to garner support for this unorganised sector where levying excise is not okay because the products are not made under one roof.
it is a chain of processes at different places and thus do not attract excise levy in the first place, he said.
nearly two lakh garment makers in new delhi,tripura,kolkata,ahmedabad,hyderabad and bangalore will down shutters on monday and tuesday because the talks with the finance ministry failed.
according to estimates,the two-day strike could cause loss to the tune of rs 500 crore per day and impact the labourers who work on pieces per day basis.
bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves parliament after making a statement wherein she confirmed that 39 indians missing in iraq have been killed.
(source: express photo by praveen jain) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves parliament after making a statement wherein she confirmed that 39 indians missing in iraq have been killed.
(source: express photo by praveen jain)union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a statement in parliament said all 39 indians, who were kidnapped by isis in iraqs mosul in june 2015, were killed and their bodies have been recovered.
but one of them escaped by posing as a muslim from bangladesh and the remaining 39 indians were taken to badoosh and killed later.
it will be a great irresponsibility and a sin on the part of our government.
but i had said the day i will get a strong proof, i will request the chairman to stop the parliament proceedings and give information about it.
and if parliament would not be in session, i will inform the people of india within 10 minutes on twitter.
she said, i have two information.
first, harjit masih who escaped was lying and, second, the indians are dead.
and i have proofs for these.
masih, a resident of gurdaspur in punjab, was arrested in march this year on charges of forgery connected to an illegal immigration racket.
also read | 39 indians kidnapped by islamic state in iraq are dead: sushmaswaraj swaraj informs parliamentthe external affairs minister further said, when general vk singh went to iraq to track them, i asked him to meet the owner of the company in mosul where the indians were working.
the owner told singh that 40 indians and some bangladeshis were working in his company.
when isis started capturing mosul, he asked all the people who were working there to leave.
iraqi residents left first, then the others, but the indians and the bangladeshis did not leave.
families of iraq victims, who had been awaiting to hear a word about their kin to the statements and counter statements issued by harjit masih.
(express photo) families of iraq victims, who had been awaiting to hear a word about their kin to the statements and counter statements issued by harjit masih.
(express photo)the owner then called his caterer, who said that one day when they were coming to have food at his place, the isis people saw them and asked, who are you?
the isis then said that these people will not stay here from now and asked the caterer to take them to a textile factory.
after reaching there, they separated indians and bangladeshis.
after some days, they took the bangladeshis to erbil, capital of kurdistan.
the caterer said they gave these responsibilities to him.
also read | 39 indians kidnapped in iraq dead: congress slams govt for giving high hopes to familiesthe caterer told singh that he got ready to take them to erbil in his own van.
and i am guessing they asked the caterer to give masih a muslim name and free him along with the bangladeshis.
the owner said that once he got a call from a man called ali who said he is the one who is supposed to leave with the bangladeshis.
the eam said, harjit called me from erbil and asked me to save him.
i first asked that how did he reach there.
he was talking in punjabi.
he said he doesnt know anything about that and just said aunty ji please save me.
he later cooked up a story saying we were taken to a jungle where isis terrorists fired.
the bullet shot his leg.
but somehow he managed to leave and the others got killed.
hence, masihs story was wrong.
he had left in the beginning only by becoming ali, she said.
sometimes we feel like going to iraq to search for my husband.
sometimes we feel like going to iraq to search for my husband.
she further added, now the next day when the isis counted the heads, they found out that only 39 indians were there.
so they thought this is not the proper place to keep them now.
then the isis took them to badush.
the companys owner said he doesnt know anything about what happened after that.
there is a prison in badush.
whether they kept the indians there or killed them at the same time, i have no idea about that.
but then general vk singh, our ambassador pradeep rajput and an officer from the iraq government together left for badush.
when i raised this issue in parliament last time, iraqs foreign minister was here and i asked him that when vk singh goes there, i want a person from the iraq government to be with him so that he doesnt face any difficulty in tracing the indians.
the iraqi minister had assured me of that, she said.
search operations led to a mound in badoosh where locals said some bodies were buried by the isis.
deep penetration radars were used to establish that the mound indeed was a mass grave, she said, adding the indian authorities requested their iraqi counterpart to exhume the bodies.
the bodies were then sent to baghdad for dna testing.
for verification of bodies dna samples of relatives were sent there, four state governments, punjab, himachal pradesh, west bengal and bihar were involved.
heres what we know about the 2014 abduction and thereafterdna testing by martyrs foundation has established the identity of 38 indians while there has been 70 per cent matching of the dna for the 39th person, she said.
minister of state for external affairs v k singh will be flying to iraq to bring back the bodies on a special flight.
the nsg works under the principle of unanimity and even one countrys vote against india can scuttle its bid.
at a press conference in the national capital, to highlight her ministrys achievements over the last two years, swaraj spoke on range of issues including terrorism, economic ties with different countries, fdi vijay mallya and lalit modi.
watch video | modi govt liberalises fdi regime: all you need to knowhere are some of the highlights from her press conference today:* have conveyed to china that sitting in (un) 1267 committee for lakhvi, azhar is an obstruction in global fight against terrorism.
* india wants peaceful settlement of south china sea dispute* ed sent us an extradition request for vijay mallya, our team suggested few changes which has been sent to ed* request for extradition of vijay mallya and lalit modi will be forwarded to uk once it is received from ed* our engagement with the united states has increased but not at the cost of the nations interest.
we also stage protests against them as and when required* incidents of violence in bangladesh unfortunate.
bangladesh government is taking strong action against it* we have difficult issues to resolve with pakistan.
there is ease and warmth in the relations between the two countries at present* not correct to say that in a bid to secure membership in nsg, we have disregarded saarcwatch video: whats making news* nia has not been denied permission to go to pakistan and probe.
pakistan has only asked for time to conduct a proper probe from their end* foreign secretary-level talks between india and pak have not been cancelled, but we are only awaiting probe from pakistan side on pathankot attack* we are trying to ensure that india becomes a member of nsg by the end of this year itself* nsg entry is crucial for indias energy policy.
china is not protesting membership of india in nsg, it is only talking of criteria procedure-confident china will back india* we are not opposed to any countrys entrance into nsg based on merit, including pakistan* pm narendra modi in a matter of 10 months covered uae, saudi arab, iran and qatar successfully, for better economic ties.
* we envisage growth in fdi and skill india programs through various foreign visits, have moved forward with various nations in nuclear agreementssushma swaraj said since the modi government took charge in may 2014, there had been a substantial fdi inflow.
in this photo, swaraj is seen with foreign secretary s jaishankar during a media event.
in this photo, swaraj is seen with foreign secretary s jaishankar during a media event.
pti photo* we have decided to reach out to almost all countries in the world with help of state governments and cabinet ministers.
we cant bring in fdi sitting at home.
this year we have contacted 140 countries, we will contact 65 more nations.
* aaj jab bharat bolta hai, duniya sunti hai (today when india speaks, the world listens)* the minister said since the modi government took charge in may 2014, there had been a substantial fdi inflow.
* as much as $55 billion or rs 369,000 crore has come through the fdi route in the last two years.
it is about a 43 per cent jump over what it was during the upa rule.
* the foreign outreach had helped india enlist assistance of global players like the us, france, germany and england in flagship schemes like smart cities* with australia alone, we had 13 agreements on skill development, there had been cooperation with countries such as germany and japan for namami ganga programme.
with the future of 2.
5 billion people at stake, there is no option for the leaderships of delhi and beijing but to sit across the table  or walk together on the banks of the yangtze  and try and resolve their resentments.
with the future of 2.
5 billion people at stake, there is no option for the leaderships of delhi and beijing but to sit across the table  or walk together on the banks of the yangtze  and try and resolve their resentments.
the journey from xiamen, a chinese port city across the taiwan straits, to wuhan in hubei province is more than 1,000 km long, and when prime minister narendra modi meets chinese president xi jinping on april 27 in wuhan, they would have taken eight months to cover it  the two leaders last met in september 2017 in xiamen.
it is welcome that the peace between asias biggest powers has held.
both leaders must now be congratulated for agreeing to meet face-to-face and talk about their differences and disagreements, and decide on how to resolve them.
it is important for beijing to understand delhis aspiration for a place on the international high table.
equally, delhi must comprehend the ambition and passion behind the rise and rise of china, as it snaps at the heels of the us.
the announcement over the weekend in beijing during external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit has the potential to break the pattern of bitterness that has been developing between the two nations in recent years.
certainly, the chinese seem to also want a reset in ties with india and have pulled out the carpet for swaraj; she has met both president xi and vice-president wang qishan, a key decision-maker who has been seconded by xi to deal with the us.
it is being speculated that president xi will treat prime minister modi to a tour of the sprawling villa on the banks of the yangtze river once favoured by chairman mao  the great helmsmans villa can now be rented for overnight stays.
the extent to which the communist party of china has changed and remains the same can be gauged from the fact that xi has picked relaxed and beautiful wuhan for his informal summit with indias prime minister, not the relatively stiff beijing.
the modi-xi meeting in xiamen in august last year marked the formal end of the 72-day stand-off between india and china in doklam.
other issues such as chinas refusal to support indias full membership of the nuclear suppliers group, its protection of pakistan-based terrorist masood azhar at the un, its determination to build a highway across pakistan-occupied kashmir as well as its expanding presence across south asia, have angered delhi.
with the future of 2.
5 billion people at stake, there is no option for the leaderships of delhi and beijing but to sit across the table  or walk together on the banks of the yangtze  and try and resolve their resentments.
chinas economy may be five times larger and its armed forces several times stronger than india, but the fact remains that there is no alternative to dialogue.
b'prime minister narendra modi (express photo by renuka puri) prime minister narendra modi (express photo by renuka puri)the invitation to the leaders of the south asian association of regional cooperation (saarc) countries at the swearing-in ceremony of prime minister narendra modi in may, 2014 was considered landmark in many ways.
for one, it had never happened before.
a sober domestic ceremony had suddenly become a high-profile event with the attendance of several foreign leaders.
second, it indicated that the incoming government that had promised a muscular foreign policy underlining indias aspirations, was eager to get a head-start on cementing the countrys relations with its neighbours.
all heads of states, excluding bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina as she was on a pre-planned trip to japan, duly attended the function.
the decision also won the prime minister a lot of domestic praise from opposition quarters for thinking inventively.
three years on, much water has flowed under the bridge.
the government, that completes three years in office on friday, has a checkered report card with several achievements as well as significant setbacks.
heres a look at the pluses and minuses vis-a-vis indias relations with its neighbours.
afghanistanafghanistan underwent a change in its political leadership when ashraf ghani was elected president in september 2014.
ghanis first state visit to india came in april 2015 during which he held extensive consultations with the indian leadership including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pm modi.
post discussions, india offered afghanistan three cheetal helicopters in its fight against the taliban.
india also promised a $5 million fund for the treatment of afghan children with congenital heart disease in india, extension of the iccr scholarship till 2020.
both countries also showed readiness to allow vehicles from both sides to traverse each others regions.
pm modis first visit to afghanistan came in december, 2015 during which he, along with president ghani, jointly inaugurated the national assembly building that was constructed under india-afghanistan development cooperation.
a block in the complex was named after former pm atal bihari vajpayee.
modi also addressed the afghan parliament and held talks with former president hamid karzai and afghanistan ceo a. abdullah.
pm modi and afghan president ashraf ghani pm modi and afghan president ashraf ghaniboth sides have also decided to improve connectivity through irans chabahar port on priority.
indias assistance fund for development projects in afghanistan stands at $2 billion, the biggest donor among regional countries.
in june, 2016, pm modi made yet another trip to afghanistan during which he jointly inaugurated with president ghani the $290 million salma dam in herat.
the water from the dam will help irrigate the parched region and assist the country in taking advantage of the opportunities once the chabahar port is completed.
however, over the last three years security concerns still exist with afghanistan and its capital city kabul playing witness to frequent terror attacks and suicide bombings.
there has also been criticism of indias supposed reluctance in making a paradigm shift in afghanistans political process and policy mechanisms.
bangladeshindia-bangladesh relations since 2014 has seen frequent high-level visits by leaders from both sides.
the two-way trade between the two countries in 2012-13 stood at $5.
34 billion.
one of the biggest achievements of the modi government is the ratification of the long-pending land boundary agreement (lba) in 2014 in parliament in the presence of bangladeshi diplomats.
it helped in the re-organisation of the international border and the exchange of enclaves between the countries.
pm modi and bangladesh pm sheikh hasina pm modi and bangladesh pm sheikh hasinain june, 2015, pm modi undertook his debut trip to dhaka and announced a credit line of $2 billion to the neighbouring country.
both leaders exchanged documents related to the lba and signed agreements with a bid to cut down on illegal immigration and fake currency.
two agreements for trans-border bus services on the dhaka-shillong-guwahati and kolkata-dhaka-agartala routes were also signed.
in april earlier this year, sheikh hasina visited india on an official state trip and held extensive consultations with pm modi and fm sushmaswaraj swaraj.
india announced a new credit line of $4.
5 billion with an additional $500 million for bangladeshs defence.
the credit line came after chinas overtures to bangladesh in pursuit of dominance in the region.
over two dozen agreements were also signed in sectors of trade, transport, energy and counter-terrorism.
the long-standing deal on the sharing of waters of teesta river is yet to be signed between the two countries.
west bengal cm mamata banerjee has expressed reservations on the deal with regard to farmers in north bengal losing a significant share of the river water.
bhutanbhutan was the first foreign destination that pm modi chose after he was sworn-in.
not only is the tiny himalayan kingdom one of indias closest partners, it has also been one neighbour has so far not given india any headache.
narendra modi with tshering tobgay.
file photo narendra modi with tshering tobgay.
file photobhutan is one of the biggest beneficiaries of indias foreign aid  it received $985 million in 2015-16.
during pm modis visit in june, 2014, both countries reignited the resolve to get hydropower generation up to 10,000 mw.
pm modi inaugurated the building of the supreme court, constructed with indian assistance, and laid the foundation for the 600mw kholongchu hydro-electric project.
scholarships to bhutanese students were doubled and indian assistance will be offered for the creation of digital libraries for students.
he also addressed a joint session of parliament of bhutan.
in january, 2015, bhutan pm tshering tobgay paid an official visit to india and held talks with the indian leadership.
during talks with pm modi, tobgay spoke of the status of the three hydropower projects that are under construction.
he also participated in the vibrant gujarat summit in ahmedabad where he spoke about bhutans model of gross national happiness.
he said bhutan was open for business, but only for green and sustainable projects.
maldivesmaldives is one country that pm modi has not visited since taking office.
although it was in the itinerary for his indian ocean tour, it was later dropped purportedly over the countrys domestic tensions.
maldives has been roiled by the arrest of its former president mohammad nasheed, his conviction in a sedition case and his sentencing to 13 years in jail in 2015.
prime minister narendra modi with maldives president yameen abdul gayoom before a delegation-level meeting in new delhi.
(ap photo/manish swarup) prime minister narendra modi with maldives president yameen abdul gayoom before a delegation-level meeting in new delhi.
(ap photo/manish swarup)indias relations with maldives off late has been impacted by chinas footprint on the island and in the larger indian ocean region.
india is cautious of chinas diplomacy in the region and is not at ease with the asian giants relationship with maldives.
maldivian president abdulla yameen abdul gayoom visited india in april last year and held talks with pm modi and eam swaraj.
the two countries also exchanged agreements in the fields of defence, taxation, tourism, conservation of mosques and space research.
india understands its role as a net security provider in the indian ocean and is ready to protect its strategic interests in this region, modi said.
the security cooperation of both countries will rest on the development of ports, capacity building and maritime surveillance.
eam swaraj had visited maldives in 2014 and 2015 and was a part of the india-maldives joint commission meeting.
nepaleven though the india-nepal relations began on a strong note after the incumbent government was sworn-in, it quickly descended into a crisis, the magnitude of which both countries had never seen.
when nepal promulgated its new constitution in 2015, the madhesi groups, people of indian origin, complained that their interests were not considered and started to agitate by creating blockades at border points.
nepal in turn even pointed fingers at india and accused it of supporting the blockade and not allowing the passage of basic items through the border.
the issue was finally resolved with the nepalese government promising to meet the demands of the madhesi front.
nepal prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda with prime minister narendra modi at the hyderabad house in new delhi on friday.
express photo by prem nath pandey nepal prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda with prime minister narendra modi at the hyderabad house in new delhi on friday.
express photo by prem nath pandeyin pm modis first visit to nepal in november, 2014, some of the agreements that were signed were an mou on national police academy at panauti, line of credit of $1 billion for hydropower and infrastructure projects, mou for cooperation in traditional systems of medicine, mou for cooperation in the field of tourism, proposals to link janakpur-ayodhya, kathmandu-varanasi and lumbini-bodh gaya as sister cities and the supply of a dhruv advanced light helicopter mark-iii to the nepal army.
a bus service between delhi and kathmandu was also flagged off.
in 2015, after the devastating earthquake killed nearly 9,000 people and rendered thousands homeless, india carried out extensive rescue operations and extended a $750 million credit line for post-earthquake reconstruction projects.
in the last three years, nepal has also seen multiple prime ministers in kps oli, pushpa kamal dahal prachanda and sher bahadur deuba, who took over just this week.
prachanda also visited india in 2016 as part of which he attempted to reset the ties with india after the madhesi crisis.
pakistanpakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs visit to new delhi to attend pm modis swearing-in and the latters surprise visit to lahore in december, 2015 are probably the only saving graces of a relationship that is in complete tatters.
the contours of the relationship changed dramatically with the terrorist attack on the indian army base in uri in jammu and kashmir in september, 2016.
the terrorists are believed to have infiltrated from pakistan.
then came the surgical strikes by the indian army destroying terror launchpads across the line of control.
the ties between the two countries never improved since then.
the latest incident to roil the relationship was the mutilation of bodies of two indian soldiers by a pakistan border action team in the krishna ghati sector of j&k.
cross-border fatalities and repeated violation of the ceasefire by pakistan have also contributed to the failure of talks between the two sides.
prime minister narendra modi (l) greeted by his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif after modi took the oath of office at the presidential palace in new delhi on may 26, 2014.
(source: reuters) prime minister narendra modi (l) greeted by his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif after modi took the oath of office at the presidential palace in new delhi on may 26, 2014.
(source: reuters)since 2014, there have been no official visits by both heads of state.
modi and sharif attended the saarc summit in kathmandu, but held no official bilateral talks on the sidelines.
however, reports indicated that they had a secret meeting facilitated by businessman sajjan jindal.
they also had a pull-aside meeting on the sidelines of the climate change conference in paris in december, 2015.
while eam sushmaswaraj swaraj has visited islamabad for the heart of asia conference, home minister rajnath singh has made a trip to the pakistani capital for the saarc meeting.
the latters visit did not produce any positive results.
the dialogue of the peace process remains suspended as of now.
sri lankawhile sri lanka has been one of indias biggest trading partners in south asia, the latter is lankas biggest partner globally.
the two countries share deep historical and cultural ties.
the importance of ties with india was reflected when newly elected president maithripala sirisena chose india for his first state visit.
he also came for a second state visit within 17 months and attended the bimstec summit in goa as well.
pm modi has also made trips to the island nation twice, first in 2015 as part of his indian ocean tour and second earlier this year when he participated in the vesak day celebrations there.
president sirisena and pm modi president sirisena and pm modiwhen he visited sri lanka in 2015, pm modi was the first indian pm to do a stand-alone visit in 28 years.
the last was rajiv gandhi in 1987.
during that visit, he addressed the lankan parliament and made a trip to the northern province of jaffna, the second foreign leader after david cameron to do so.
he also handed over homes built with indian assistance to the locals there.
during his trip earlier this year, pm modi inaugurated a hospital built with indian assistance and visited the indian-origin tamil community there.
he announced a direct flight between varanasi and colombo as well.
as for president sirisena, he had made it clear that relations with india are a priority, a marked departure from his predecessor mahinda rajapaksa who moved closer to china.
during rajapaksas term, several agreements worth billions of dollars were signed with china making india cautious.
during sirisenas visit to india, several matters including energy, civil nuclear cooperation, fisheries and energy were discussed.
he also made trips to bodhgaya and tirupati.
union minister maneka gandhi.
(file) union minister maneka gandhi.
(file)the woman and child development minister maneka gandhi has sought a change in rules that require fathers name to be mandatorily mentioned for getting caste certificates, in case of children raised by single or separated mothers.
gandhis move comes days within her approaching hrd minister prakash javadekar with a request to change the rule that requires fathers name to be mandatorily mentioned on a students degree certificate.
in a letter to social justice and empowerment minister thaawarchand gehlot, gandhi said she has been approached by several women facing problems in getting caste certificates for their children without the name of the father from the jurisdictional offices.
stating that breakdown of marriages and separation of husband and wife is now a reality which cannot be ignored, gandhi added, what we need to appreciate is the fact that women in such situations often do not get their rights and entitlements due to certain loopholes in the procedures/laws.
she said her ministry was working towards plugging these loopholes.
keeping in view the sensitivity of the single/separated mother, we need to make a provision for this purpose by changing rules/guidelines, the letter added.
last year, gandhi had written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asking her to reconsider the rule of having the fathers name mentioned for getting passports.
priyanka gupta, a single parent, had initiated a petition last year on change.org website, asking for passport rules to be altered so that she was not required to mention her husbands name on her daughters passport.
the petition was addressed to gandhi and swaraj.
months later, the mea announced the revised set of passport rules and declared that the name of only one parent was enough and that married applicants will not have to produce a marriage certificate and share their spouses name if they were separated or divorced.
afghanistans high peace council secretary and president ashraf ghanis special envoy mohammad umer daudzai on friday said that national security advisor (nsa) ajit doval agreed the conflict in afghanistan should be solved through direct talks, led and owned by the afghan government.
daudzais comments assume significance since the us has been leading the talks with the taliban, which has often refused to negotiate with the afghan government.
advertisingdaudzai, who met doval and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday in separate bilateral meetings, tweeted, visited india & met mr.ajit doval, indias nsa in new delhi.
discussed the role of regional countries in the peace process.
in particular, emphasized on indias role in the government led #afghanpeaceprocess.
he further wrote, the indian nsa also agreed that conflict in afghanistan should be solved through direct talks, led and owned by the afghan government.
india has recently engaged with us, china, russia and iran among others on the situation in afghanistan.
speaking at the indian council of world affairs (icwa), the chief executive of the afghanistan high peace council, daudzai said that indias role is key to the peace in afghanistan.
we are fully satisfied with support from india.
the entire region is not on the same page but india and afghanistan are on the same page, he told an audience, comprising of the diplomatic and strategic affairs community in delhi.
advertisinghe also said that on democracy, afghanistan takes inspiration from india as it built the afghan parliament.
he also expressed gratitude for indias help in defence, as it has handed over replacement of two attack helicopters on thursday.
mea official spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted, eam @sushmaswaraj & foreign secretary met afghanistans high peace council secretary & president ghanis special envoy @umerdaudzai2 ,who briefed the indian leadership on the outcome of the recently held loya jirga.
india expressed its support for sustainable peace in afghanistan.
according to daudzai, us special representative for afghanistan reconciliation zalmay khalilzad and the taliban are discussing four major areas  the us withdrawal from that country, talibans relationship with terrorist groups, intra-afghan dialogue, and ceasefire.
however, the afghan government has added one more issue under the rubric of talibans relationship with the terrorist groups  about talibans relationship with pakistan.
he said that the taliban was born in pakistan and the relationship between pakistan and taliban remains.
however, he was of the view that china is concerned about threat to its flagship china-pakistan economic corridor from the situation in afghanistan.
daudzai also gave an optimistic assessment of the schedule of the presidential elections in afghanistan, scheduled to be held before september 29.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file)a potentially panic situation occurred on friday when male air traffic control (atc) reported that there was uncertainty pertaining to the safety of the indian air force aircraft flying minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj to mauritius from thiruvananthapuram on saturday evening after it lost radio contact with the vvip plane for 14 minutes.
the aircraft, however, landed safely later in the day.
indian air force flight ifc31 carrying ms. sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of external affairs, departed from thiruvananthapuram at 1408 ist for mauritius.
aircraft changed over from indian airspace to male atc which then established contact with the aircraft at 1644 ist.
however, ifc31 could not contact mauritius atc after entering mauritius airspace.
mauritius atc then activated incerfa (the uncertainty phase).
later at 1658 ist, ifc 31 came in contact with mauritius atc and landed, airports authority of india, the parent organisation of indian air traffic management, said in a statement.
typically, as per guidelines laid down by the international civil aviation organization, there are three emergency phases when an aircraft loses radio contact with atc  the uncertainty phase (identified by the code word incerfa), the alert phase (identified by the code word alerfa) and the distress phase (identified by the code word detresfa).
these phases are initiated depending on the duration for which an aircraft has been out of contact.
the incerfa phase is initiated when a flight is out of contact for 10 minutes.
however, when it is in oceanic airspace, the atc waits for up to 30 minutes to declare the safety of the aircraft and its occupants uncertain.
the atc at male initiated the incerfa after 12 minutes of not being able to establish contact with the aircraft carrying swaraj.
mauritius atc activated incerfa (uncertainty phase) without allowing the stipulated time period of 30 minutes to lapse from the time when aircraft last contacted atc.
this was perhaps done because the flight was carrying (a) vip, the aai statement said.
officials pointed out that it isnt highly abnormal for aircraft flying over large water bodies to lose contact with atc for short durations given the lack of radar coverage in certain sections but the mauritius atc would have reacted as there was a vvip on board.
b'congress leaders ahmed patel, anand sharma and raj babbar in parliament on wednesday.
(express photo: anil sharma) congress leaders ahmed patel, anand sharma and raj babbar in parliament on wednesday.
(express photo: anil sharma)the logam in parliament continued for the 13th consecutive day with both houses being adjourned without conducting any business on wednesday.
in the lok sabha, members of the aiadmk and trs continued with their protests, stalling the taking up of two notices of no-confidence motion against the council of ministers for the fourth day.
speaker sumitra mahajan said that she could not carry out a headcount of 50 members supporting the move, a prerequisite for taking up the notices for the trust vote.
she later adjourned the house for the day.
minutes after the house met on wednesday morning, the speaker adjourned the proceedings for an hour due to protests by parties from andhra pradesh, telangana and tamil nadu.
when the house reassembled at noon, members of the aiadmk, tdp and the trs were seen raising slogans and holding placards in the well.
the aiadmk wants early establishment of the cauvery river board to settle the water dispute with neighbouring states, while the trs is demanding an increase in quota for telangana.
the tdp is demanding special status for andhra pradesh, among other things.
expelled rjd member rajesh ranjan alias pappu yadav was seen holding a placard demanding special status for bihar.
members of the congress, tmc and left were standing at their seats.
when the protests continued after the laying of papers by ministers, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar urged the members to return to their seats so that legislative business could be taken up.
government is willing to discuss any issue, including the no-confidence motion.
we have the confidence of the house as well as of the entire country, he said.
when the speaker took up two notices for the trust vote given by the tdp and ysrc, the aiadmk members started shouting slogans more loudly in the house.
trs members were also seen in the well.
mahajan said she could not move ahead due to the ruckus even though she was duty-bound to take up the notices.
she noted that she was not in a position to count the 50 members supporting the move as she could not see anything from the chair.
she said placards were blocking her view.
members from the congress, tmc and left raised their hands to indicate to the speaker that they were supporting the motion.
but mahajan said as the house is not in order, she cannot move ahead with the issue and adjourned the lok sabha for the day.
the rajya sabha was adjourned for the day within a few minutes with aiadmk and tdp members trooping to the well, followed by congress.
while aiadmk agitated over cauvery issue, tdp continued with its demand for special status.
the congress joined in late, after leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad demanded that the house should discuss the recent decision of the supreme court on not allowing automatic arrest of bureaucrats under the sc/st act, besides external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs statement on the death of 39 indians in mosul.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs vijay goel tried to pacify the opposition by saying that the government is ready for any discussion but that failed to cut ice and chairman venkaiah naidu adjourned the house for the day.
b'after weeks of hectic negotiations,the government on thursday claimed to have clinched a broad consensus on the crucial land acquisition and rehabilitation and resettlement bill,paving the way for its consideration and passage in the second half of the budget session of parliament beginning april 22.
we have reached a broad consensus on the land acquisition bill, announced parliamentary affairs minister kamal nath after an all-party meeting.
the bill,being seen as a key reform measure of the congress-led government ahead of the lok sabha polls due next year,is expected to be brought in parliament with around 35 major amendments.
there was a general consensus that this bill should be passed in this session.
all parties have made it clear that they dont want any delay, said union rural development minister jairam ramesh,who has been piloting the bill and reaching out to various parties.
the government has agreed to some key suggestions made by the bjp and other political parties,thus getting most of them aboard for this proposed legislation that has been hanging fire since it was first introduced in parliament in september 2011.
in a significant move,the government has agreed to the demand of some parties,including the bjp and shiv sena,to also compensate the original land owners if land that has been purchased by private entities after september 5,2011 (when the bill was introduced) is acquired by the government.
parties had raised concerns of land mafias buying and hoarding land in anticipation of hefty compensation after acquisition by the government.
the government has agreed to include a provision that would ensure that in such cases,the original land owner  who may have sold his land at a lesser price  also gets a share of the compensation.
while the exact amount has not been decided,sources said it is likely to be in the range of 40 to 50 per cent of the total compensation awarded.
the government has also agreed to the bjps proposal on having an option where land is taken on lease from the farmers instead of being acquired so that the ownership remains with the original land-owner.
the bill will have an enabling provision on leasing land,where states will be given the flexibility to pick this option.
senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj had been pushing for this amendment.
the government has said it will find a way of trying to incorporate the cpi(m)s demand that compensation be paid to tillers and tenants as well.
in the current bill,tenants benefit from only the resettlement and rehabilitation provision.
the government has also agreed to the cpms demand for changes in certain sections which give the government the right to amend clauses related to compensation as well as resettlement and rehabilitation.
the party had demanded that the government should have the right to amend these provisions,but only to revise both upwards and not to dilute or reduce them.
the government should have limited rightsit should be given flexibility but not unfrittered power, said ramesh,while concurring with the recommendation.
in tune with jd(u) leader sharad yadavs demand,the government has said it will introduce a provision to ensure food security isnt jeopardised.
the social impact assessment will also look at how a proposed project will impact food security in the region.
further,mps,mlas and ngos will also get representation during the sia.
on the contentious issue of acquisition of multi-crop land,the government has said it will leave it to the states to decide what proportion of such land can be acquired.
however,some parties,including the dmk and cpm ,continue to harbour reservations about the bill.
while the former says the centre should not have a right to legislate on the matter since land is a state subject,the latter has said consent of all families affected by acquisition should be taken.
the bill mandates the consent of at least 70 per cent of those whose land is acquired for ppp projects and 80 per cent when acquisition is for private companies.
todays meeting was attended by representatives from most political parties except the bsp,trinamool congress and shiv sena.
after being appointed chairman of the bjps campaign committee for the 2014 lok sabha elections,chief minister narendra modi will address his first public rally at madhopur in pathankot district of punjab on sunday to mark the 60th death anniversary of jan sangh founder dr shyama prasad mookerjee.
modi,who was in uttarakhand saturday,may proceed to pathankot directly from there.
former deputy prime minister and modis mentor lal krishna advani,is not likely to remain present at the event that has been named sankalp rally.
however,posters of the sankalp rally,which have been circulated on web for two days now,try to project a united bjp,carrying pictures of former pm atal bihari vajpayee,advani,sushma swaraj and arun jaitley,although modis photograph dwarfs them all.
punjab cm prakash singh badal is also likely to attend the rally,the posters say.
madhopur was the place where mookerjee had addressed his last rally before entering kashmir while protesting against granting of special status to jammu and kashmir under article 370.
he was detained while entering jammu & kashmir in may 1953 and then died in custody on june 23.
gujarat bjp sources say that after the madhopur rally,modi could embark on a year-long campaign,mainly through functions held nationwide at regular intervals.
in july,the gujarat cm is supposed to begin his tour of up,the politically crucial state where modis confidant and former minister amit shah has already begun the groundwork.
b'german president frank steinmeier walter along with his wife elke budenbender and prime minister narendra modi at rashtrapati bhavan (express photo by praveen jain) german president frank steinmeier walter along with his wife elke budenbender and prime minister narendra modi at rashtrapati bhavan (express photo by praveen jain)german president frank-walter steinmeier on saturday received a ceremonial reception at the forecourts of the rashtrapati bhavan.
steinmeier, who is on a five-day visit to the country, was accorded with a guard of honour in the presence of president ram nath kovind and prime minister narendra modi.
i have been to india several times but this is my first visit here as the president of germany.
i am coming again and again because i am coming with huge respect for regarding all the achievements in india, for the people and the country itself, ani quoted him as saying at the rashtrapati bhavan.
german president frank-walter steinmeier along with prime minister narendra modi and president ram nath kovind at rashtrapati bhavan (express photo by praveen jain) german president frank-walter steinmeier along with prime minister narendra modi and president ram nath kovind at rashtrapati bhavan (express photo by praveen jain)thereafter, he along with his wife, elke budenbender paid tributes to mahatma gandhi at rajghat.
steinmeier will later in the day hold talks with pm modi modi to further broad base ties between the two countries in a range of areas including trade and investment.
the meeting will take place at the renovated sunder nursery, a 90-acre heritage park in central delhi.
steinmeier will also meet his indian counterpart ram nath kovind, vice president venkaiah naidu and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
see photos | i have huge respect for india, says german presidentthe german president will also visit jama masjid, address a group of students at the delhi university and speak at a business roundtable.
on sunday, he will travel to chennai.
his engagements there includes a visit to the iit, madras, and addressing a group of business leaders.
the next day, he will visit the shore temple in mahabalipuram.
steinmeier arrived thursday on his first visit to india as german president.
the german president began his five-day trip with a visit to varanasi where he took a tour of the sarnath museum and the archaeological site.
he also visited the mulgandha-kuti temple where he was welcomed with a traditional ceremony.
indian woman, pakistani man, indian high commission, pakistani citizen, woman married at gunpoint, india news,latest news indian woman, pakistani man, indian high commission, pakistani citizen, woman married at gunpoint, india news,latest newsthat night, tahir sexually assaulted and tortured me and threatened to kill me if i did not sign the nikah nama the next day.
they show(ed) me a gun and threatened me they took my signature on (the) nikah nama at gunpointin her sworn statement before a court in islamabad on monday, uzma, the 20-year-old indian woman who has taken refuge at the indian high commission in islamabad, has alleged that she was sexually assaulted, tortured mentally, and forced to marry tahir ali, a resident of khyber pakhtunkhwa, at gunpoint.
uzma met tahir in malaysia, where he was working as a taxi driver, about eight months ago.
the two reportedly got married on may 3, in buner in khyber pakhtunkhwa, two days after uzma reached pakistan via the wagah border.
in her statement, seen by the indian express, uzma said that she stayed in malaysia for approximately two months.
when she returned to india, she got a visa from the pakistan high commission in delhi after tahir sent a sponsor letter.
after crossing the wagah border, she said she was picked up by tahir in a car.
he told me that he lives in a mountainous area and gave me medicine, she said.
after taking the medicine, she reportedly became unconscious.
on reaching his home, tahir reportedly sexually assaulted and tortured her and threatened to kill her if she did not sign the nikah nama.
they made me marry forcefully, she said.
then they tortured me mentally, beating me, and made me do all the household work every evening, tahir would sexually assault and physically torture me i only came to know later that tahir already has a wife and four children now, all of them together harass me, beat me and torture me in every possible way, mentally, physically and emotionally, she said in her statement.
stating that she came to the indian high commission, islamabad, with tahir to receive money which was sent by my brother from delhi, as tahir is a greedy person, uzma said, i face danger if i return to tahirs village if i go with tahir to his village, only my dead body will come back.
hours after she gave her statement, the ministry of external affairs (mea) said the indian high commission in islamabad was working with the pakistan foreign ministry for her safe return, as desired by uzma and her family.
her brother has met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the young indian woman, who sought shelter in the indian high commission in islamabad on may 5, 2017, today recorded her statement in the court of judicial magistrate first class in islamabad, as per local legal requirement, said mea spokesperson gopal baglay.
the indian high commission has provided her necessary consular and legal assistance.
it is coordinating with pakistan foreign office for her safe return and is also in touch with her family in india on the matter.
her brother met the external affairs minister and requested the governments help to rescue his sister at the earliest, he said.
uzma also told the court that she took shelter at the indian high commission of her own accord and would stay there till she is sent back to india with security.
on sunday, the pakistan foreign ministry had said that the indian high commission informed the ministry of foreign affairs that uzma had approached them with the request to be repatriated to india.
the pakistan foreign ministry said that according to the indian high commission, uzma claimed to have married tahir and alleged that she later came to know that he was already married and has four children.
the pakistan high commission in new delhi said the immigration documents showed that uzma obtained her visa under the visitor category.
pakistani authorities have said she did not share her plans to marry in pakistan when she applied for the visa, and only expressed her intent to visit her relatives there.
tahir, meanwhile, has accused the indian high commission in islamabad of detaining uzma and filed a case with the local police.
according to dawn newspaper, after getting married, uzma called up her brother in new delhi.
her brother asked her to visit india, and told her she should meet a man named adnan at the indian high commission, who would be able to sort out their visas for the trip, the report quoted tahir as saying.
at the indian high commission window, she asked about adnan.
a while later, a man came out and took her inside through gate 6.
i waited and waited, and then at 7 pm i asked at the embassy gate if my wife was inside.
they told me no one was inside, said tahir.
according to indian government sources, judicial magistrate haider ali shah has ordered respondents tahir, the cleric who solemnised the marriage, as well as other witnesses to submit a reply.
shah fixed the next hearing for july 11.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought detailed information from indian high commissioner in malaysia regarding reports of an indian stranded in the country after his employers allegedly seized his passport.
media reports said that jagat singh, who is from lohaghat, uttarakhand, worked in a hotel in malaysia and when he wanted to return home, his employer seized his passport and forced him to work.
watch what else is making news:he escaped from the clutches of his employer and was stranded in malaysia without his passport.
he called his family in india a few days back to tell them about his ordeal.
his family has called for help from external affairs minister swaraj.
b'the reconstituted committee has modi as chairman while rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley, smriti irani, prakash javadekar and sripad yesso naik will be its ex-officio members.
(source: pti)in a politically-significant move, prime minister narendra modi on saturday reconstituted a government committee on commemoration of the 125th birth anniversary of jawaharlal nehru which will be headed by him, replacing his predecessor manmohan singh.
however, it includes some congress leaders  ghulam nabi azad, mallikarjun kharge and karan singh.
but none from the gandhi family finds a place in it.
the first meeting of the national committee to commemorate 125th birth anniversary of indias first prime minister will be held soon after diwali, a pmo statement said.
watch | union minister sripad naik on cm candidate for goa bjpnehrus 125th birth anniversary falls on november 14 this year.
the reconstituted committee has modi as chairman while home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, hrd minister smriti irani, i&b minister prakash javadekar and culture minister sripad yesso naik will be its ex-officio members.
azad, leader of the opposition in rajya sabha, and kharge, leader of congress in lok sabha, will be members, along with madhya pradesh governor ram naresh yadav, former sikkim governor b p singh, former foreign secretary m k rasgotra and former lok sabha secretary general subhash kashyap.
senior congress leader karan singh and suman dubey, considered close to nehru-gandhi family, are also members of the committee along with former cabinet secretary naresh chandra.
senior journalists rajat sharma, swapan dasgupta and m j. akbar have also been made its members.
the committee was set up during the previous upa government and was headed by manmohan singh.
watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsits members were congress president sonia gandhi, the then defence minister a k antony, the then finance minister p. chidambaram, the then law minister kapil sibal besides a number of scholars and academicians of repute from various institutions.
the committee was set up to ensure that the anniversary is celebrated in a befitting manner as a tribute to the great leader and an architect of modern india.
dr ramana murthy kosanam(ani photo) dr ramana murthy kosanam(ani photo)the indian doctor rescued in libya recently after 17 months in captivity will return home to find his parents dead.
dr ramana murthy kosanams parents passed away recently, within 20 days of each other, before their sons release.
they lived in kapalladhodi village, 70 km from eluru.
eluru mla b kota rama rao said their sons abduction had left them heartbroken.
they were depressed and longed to see him.
since there was no news about him, they had lost hope.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted about murthys rescue three days ago.
hailing from eluru in krishna district of andhra pradesh, murthy had been abducted on september 8, 2015 by suspected islamic state militants.
he was working as a physician at a hospital in sirte, and was returning to his flat after work when he went missing.
a lab technician from odisha working at the same hospital was also kidnapped but released a few days later.
murthys wife bhavani annapoorna k lives with their two children in dondapadu village on the outskirts of eluru.
she said on saturday that they were worried for his health as swarajs tweet mentioned that he had suffered a bullet injury.
murthy had been working in libya for 15 years.
vice president hamid ansari.
vice president hamid ansari joined pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and presidents ashraf ghani of afghanistan and gurbanguly berdimuhamedow of turkmenistan in the ground-breaking ceremony of the turkmenistan-afghanistan-pakistan-india (tapi) gas pipeline in mary, turkmenistan.
ansari hailed the pipeline as a major step towards regional integration.
it is to be completed by 2018.
will the afghan political and security situation allow that to happen?
the prevailing conditions in afghanistan were under focus at the heart of asia conference in islamabad last week.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lead the indian delegation.
while attention was on the decision taken on the sidelines to resume the india-pakistan dialogue, what took place between afghanistan and pakistan will have a major bearing on indian security interests and the possibilities of enhancing connectivity with and through afghanistan.
afghanistans government is currently stable but chief executive abdullah abdullah is marginalised.
his supporters are growing disillusioned with this extra-constitutional arrangement.
there is also no indication that the agreement for constitutional amendments to create the post of an executive pm will actually be implemented.
if abdullahs patience gives way, the entire edifice will collapse.
this will certainly and adversely impact the coherence of the security forces.
meanwhile, former president hamid karzai is seeking to undermine the present government.
afghanistans security situation continues to be difficult.
when ghani was in islamabad, the kandahar airport was under taliban attack.
a few days later, the taliban targeted an area close to the spanish embassy in kabul.
the spread of the taliban to northern afghanistan is especially dangerous.
their capture of kunduz for almost a week exposed the weaknesses of the security system.
afghan security forces are doing their best, but the taliban challenge will be grave as long as pakistan does not move against them, which is unlikely to happen.
the islamic state (is) is visible in afghanistan.
but the extent of its inroads is unclear.
many feel the is in eastern afghanistan is only a cover to enable pakistan to attack tehreek-e-taliban elements there.
in any event, the taliban will remain a more potent threat.
ghani spent enormous political capital wooing the pakistan army to contain the taliban and bring them to the negotiating table.
he was embittered when pakistan revealed that mullah omar was dead, although it had kept up the fiction that he was alive.
the generals also gave a long rope to mansour, chosen by them to succeed omar, to continue attacks through the spring and summer to consolidate his position.
ghani poured vitriol on pakistan, but he is committed to engaging the taliban and knows that the generals hold the keys for such a process.
last week, ghani decided to again rely on the generals to deliver the taliban for negotiations.
this did not go down well with all sections of the afghan officialdom  intelligence chief rahmatullah nabil resigned.
ghani is likely to pursue the course but will the generals deliver?
that will require a complete change in their outlook towards afghanistan.
there is no evidence yet of such a transformation and it is most unlikely.
swaraj did well to raise the issue of the transportation of indian goods to afghanistan via the punjab border at the conference.
ghani, too, asked for such access.
however, it is almost certain that the generals will not allow such overland transit, consistent with their desire to reduce indian interaction with afghanistan to a minimum.
why have they then agreed to the tapi pipeline?
because it will, when completed, be a strategic lever to offset the indian advantage on the waters flowing from india to pakistan.
indian policymakers have done well to agree to supply attack helicopters to the afghan forces.
this marks a welcome departure from the old diffident policy on defence supplies.
it also shows that ghani is no longer willing to keep indian assistance out to appease the generals.
however, ghani is inconstant, and his priority is pakistan.
it will, therefore, be appropriate to enhance indias engagement with all sections of the political class, especially with old friends.
but do not expect any timely movement on the tapi pipeline, for the imponderables are too many.
grappling with a crisis in its delhi unit,the bjp on monday indicated that it would either name harsh vardhan as the partys chief ministerial candidate or go without one in the assembly elections.
bjp sources said delhi unit chief vijay goel was no longer in the party race for the top job.
goel,meanwhile,called a press conference to declare that he would decide on his role in the party after the bjp parliamentary board takes a decision on the chief ministerial candidate.
asked what he would do if harsh vardhan was named cm candidate,goel said,as the question is hypothetical,i will give my answer when the announcement is made.
but bjp sources maintained only harsh vardhan can be projected.
otherwise,the party will not have any chief ministerial candidate.
support for goel as the chief ministerial candidate,the sources said,was thinning by the day and sushmaswaraj swaraj,leader of opposition in lok sabha,was not averse to the idea of projecting harsh vardhan as cm candidate.
her counterpart in rajya sabha,arun jaitley,too was said to be not in favour of backing goel for the top post,the sources said.
the sources claimed that bjp prime ministerial candidate narendra modi does not want to get embroiled in this matter.
an announcement on the matter has been delayed because there are efforts to reach an amicable resolution,without any rebellion in the ranks.
a way out is likely in a couple of days, the source said.
on monday,goel met the press at the constitution club and not the party office.
he dismissed reports of walking out of a meeting of the party central election committee.
i am not a member of the central election committee,so why would i be at the meeting to register my disapproval and then leave it?
newspapers today said i gave my resignation this is not true.
i left after meeting leaders as i had to reach the yamuna sports complex for a programme, he said.
he said only the bjp parliamentary board was empowered to announce the chief ministerial candidate and he would not like to comment on it.
but he maintained that not announcing a cm candidate was hurting the party.
i believe that in the election season,the party should consider making announcements related to polls at the earliest, he said.
hitting back at the congress for mocking the race within the bjp for the cm candidature,goel said that more the number of able candidates in a party,more will be the number of candidates for the top post.
we have able candidates and thus the contenders there is nothing wrong in it.
bjp has 15 more queries for sheilavijay goel slammed chief minister sheila dikshit for criticising gujarats growth and making false claims regarding the development of delhi.
the delhi bjp raised 15 questions earlier to which the congress could not respond.
today,we are releasing another list of 15 questions which expose sheilas claims.
we challenge the chief minister to reply to these questions, he said.
the questions pertain to healthcare,cag,jj colonies and the munak canal.
charging congress with adopting a contradictory stand on black money stashed abroad by indian nationals,bjp on sunday derided congress leader rahul gandhis demand to bring such persons to book,calling it a joke.
congress ministers have refused to reveal names of account holders in banks abroad,while rahul gandhi has remarked that black money holders should be brought to book.
this statement is nothing but a joke, bjp president nitin gadkari told reporters here.
coming down on the upa government for not revealing the names of indians who had parked black money in banks overseas,gadkari demanded to know why it was hesistant to do so.
what prevents you from doing it?
.
joining the raging debate on black money,gandhi had on saturday demanded stringent and speedy action against corruption,saying indian money lying outside the country should be brought back.
gadkari dismissed as an eyewash,the visit of foreign secretary nirupama rao to sri lanka tomorrow to discuss with the island government the issue of attacks on indian fishermen allegedly by its navy.
the congress is not serious about it (attacks on indian fishermen by sri lankan navy), gadkari said.
he said opposition party leader in the lok sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj would visit vedharanyam in tamil nadu,the nearest spot to the sri lankan coast and also sri lanka in february to acquaint herself with the hardships faced by indian fishermen.
gadkari said bjp would not on its own seek the support of any party for the coming assembly polls in tamil nadu,due in may,but are open to alliances with like minded parties.
we will not go to seek the support of any party.
we are ready for alliance.
if they are ready,we are also ready, he said.
gadkari pointed out that his party initially had just two mlas in karnataka but was now in power there.
similarly,we will grow (wherever we are).
in tamil nadu we will work very hard for the coming elections, he said.
on attacks on indian fishermen allegedly by the sri lankan navy,he alleged the centre was not serious about tackling it.
bjp will raise the issue in and outside parliament, he said.
gadkari termed as unfortunate and totally false,the appointment of p j thomas as chief vigilance commissioner.
on january 27,bjp had slammed the government for claiming in the supreme court that the committee which chose thomas as cvc last year was not aware of corruption charges against him and sought an answer from prime minister manmohan singh for the patent lie.
asked about the new telecom policy launched by telecom minister kapil sibal,he said there was need for transparency in it.
what we need is a transparent policy.
bjp has already prepared a policy in coal auction and there is a separate e-auction for it.
we need only a transparent policy, he said.
sibal had said on saturday that all operators would henceforth have to pay market price for initial as well additional spectrum.
gadkari said the 2g spectrum scam has damaged the image of the country and the centre should take a correct transparent action in this regard.
he alleged that the centres wrong policies had resulted in 18 per cent inflation.
four indian nurses, belonging to kerala, were rescued from zone of conflict in iraq wednesday, days after a group of 46 nurses were safely brought back to india last week.
while their identities are not known, ministry of external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin said, four more indian nurses from strife torn areas of iraq are on the way home.
several indians had got trapped in the conflict areas following sudden attacks and capturing of several cities in northern and central iraq by the isis, beginning 8 june.
narendra modi is keen to pitch himself as a youth icon of india.
however,unlike the bharatiya janata yuva morcha gujarat website,which is dominated by the chief ministers photographs and messages,on the homepage of the national bharatiya janata yuva morcha website he shares space with eight other bjp leaders.
notwithstanding his various functions,including addressing students at shri ram college of commerce in new delhi,fergusson college in pune and yuva rally in hyderabad for which the party charged rs 5 per person,modi has not been placed above leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley and rajnath singh by the bjyms national team in its cyber space.
birthday bonanzathe vadodara district congress has come up with a rather unusual way of celebrating the 69th birth anniversary of former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
the district congress committee will give away cash rewards of rs 1,001 to all babies born on august 20.
vinubhai patel,president of vadodara district congress,said,august 20 begins as soon as the clock strikes 12 am on the intervening night.
any child who is born in any hospital across the city,talukas and district on august 20,which is the birth anniversary of rajivji,will be given the cash prize.
for this,the family has to only bring a copy of the hospital entry or a birth certificate to my office.
back to basicsrecently,the education department took a decision to ask its 27 district education officers to undergo a series of examinations testing their knowledge and clarity regarding basic issues,including government resolutions,different rules laid down by the department,norms to be followed,among others.
a senior official of the department said that the decision has prompted the deos to not only go back to the basics and brush up their knowledge but also reduced the departments headache considerably.
the official cited an instance of how against hundreds of applications received every year from private schools for recognition and extension of classes,this time the department received less than 50 per cent of what was earlier forwarded without verifying the mandatory checklist required to be filled by schools.
too many hats to weargujarat alkalies and chemicals limited will hold its annual general meeting in september,where a resolution to appoint ias officer hasmukh adhia as rotational director is expected to be moved.
adhia,who is principal secretary,finance,gujarat,seems to be already having too much on his plate as he holds the post of additional director of gacl since may and occupies the directors chair in 11 public sector units,including gsfc,sardar sarovar narmada nigam ltd,gujarat international finance tech city ltd,gujarat state petroleum corporation,among others.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)the challenge of cross-border terrorism and large-scale ceasefire violations by pakistan continue to have a negative impact on indias vision for a secure and peaceful neighbourhood, the government said on thursday.
asserting that high-level visits to all countries in the neighbourhood have imparted a new energy to bilateral ties, the minister said the government has resolved long-pending issues, extended timely assistance to various countries.
however, the challenge of cross-border terrorism and large-scale ceasefire violations by pakistan continue to have a negative impact on our vision for a secure, prosperous and peaceful neighbourhood.
she was replying to a question regarding indias foreign policy with respect to neighbouring countries and if there was a proposal to rethink or restructure it.
the governments conduct of twitter diplomacy in recent days has invited disquieting questions.
first, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj  who is better known for her inventive and imaginative use of the social media platform to convey a personal touch to an office wrapped in hauteur and protocol  tweeted a warning to online retail giant amazon for doormats being sold on its canada portal depicting the indian flag.
in a tone that was disproportionately aggressive, she asked amazon to withdraw and apologise or else  visas would not be issued, and those that had been given out would be rescinded.
in response, amazon pulled down the products under question and expressed regret.
that did not assuage economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das evidently.
on sunday, das took it on himself to ask the e-commerce company to behave and desist from being flippant about indian symbols and icons.
in later tweets, das clarified that his comments were made as a citizen of india, but the damage had been done.
overreaction by the minister had been compounded by the bureaucrat overstepping his brief.
certainly, the doormat in question could be seen as insensitive and in bad taste.
if the government wanted to register its objection, it could have done so, at the appropriate level, without spectacle.
by reacting in the way they did, swaraj and das could be accused of getting many things wrong.
there are several practical difficulties, for instance, with the policing of online platforms.
their response also sends out an impression that is extremely unflattering for a country of indias size and aspiration: that the grant or denial of visa is a decision taken by an individual acting on twitter out of anger or whim.
to give a visa or not to is the sovereign right of any nation, and while there may not be very specific guidelines, a visa manual forms the bedrock of the process and there are internal audits and checks to ensure that discretion is used judiciously.
then, while dass belligerence can be dismissed as the officials end-of-tenure intemperance, swarajs public dressing down to amazon is a case of stooping low.
the sights of indias external affairs minister must be set a lot higher.
she must also, at all times, keep in mind the fact that great powers, or those aspiring to be great powers, can ill afford to look touchy or egotistic.
they must choose their battles wisely, instead of flexing diplomatic muscle indiscriminately or in ways that belie their own commitment to be open and hospitable to those who want to do business with them.
of course, amazon has given in and victory has been declared over the online retailer.
but the winner may have lost something in winning it.
prime minister narendra modi with chinese president xi jinping during a meeting in tashkent.
file photo prime minister narendra modi with chinese president xi jinping during a meeting in tashkent.
file photoprime minister narendra modi will meet chinese president xi jinping and is expected to raise new delhis concerns on the proposed china-pakistan economic corridor, which passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir, government sources told the indian express.
modis meeting with xi is expected to be one of his first engagements after he lands in hangzhou for the g-20 summit on september 4-5.
sources said they may once again talk about the issue of indias membership bid into nuclear suppliers group, which was blocked by beijing in june this year.
much of this conversation has happened in august, when chinese foreign minister wang yi met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi.
the prime ministers first destination will be vietnam from where he will leave for hangzhou on september 3 to attend the g-20 summit on september 4 and 5.
he will return to india on september 5 and will leave for laos on a two-day visit to attend the annual india-asean and east asia summits.
in vietnam, modi will hold wide-ranging talks with top leadership of the resource-rich country to deepen ties in key areas of defence, security and trade, and ramping up indias engagement in oil exploration.
at the g-20 summit, india is likely to raise a host of issues ranging from choking terror funding and checking tax evasion to cutting cost of remittances and market access for key drugs.
secretary (west) sujata mehta said issues like global tax reform, climate friendly financing and market access for antibiotics are some of the issues likely to be discussed at the meetings.
at the 14th india-asean summit on september 8, modi is expected to pitch for expanding trade ties with the powerful grouping besides enhancing overall cooperation.
the asean summit will be followed by the 11th east asia summit.
b'prime minister narendra modi prime minister narendra modithis much new delhis surround-sound play for the nuclear suppliers group membership has demonstrated: indias brave new diplomacy remains just as much in thrall to personality cults and ideological predilections as the much-reviled tired old diplomacy.
following weeks of visits to world capitals by top diplomats, some by prime minister narendra modi himself, foreign secretary s. jaishankar is now in seoul, hoping a pro-india caucus of 20 countries will somehow persuade china to allow a discussion of indias membership bid.
the privately-stated reason for the extraordinary investment of energy india has made this summer in pursuit of nsg membership is a simple one: come november, donald trump might be the leader of the free world, with little interest in helping it realise its geostrategic destiny.
leaving aside minor quibbles  such as the very long odds of a trump victory  india has long ago secured all that it needs from the nsg, bar the prestige of a place at the high table.
indias diplomats often like to cast themselves as players in a geostrategic version of go  the elegant and supremely complex chinese board-game which involves occupying as much of an adversarys territory as possible.
its worth asking, however, if indias nsg play in fact showed much grasp of the principle of zero-sum games  the essence of go.
in the course of the last 12 months, india has irked china by involving one neighbour with whom it has testy relations, japan, in its malabar naval exercises; offering to sell ballistic missiles to vietnam, another neighbour with whom it is engaged in occasional hostilities; and cultivating an ever-deeper strategic relationship with arch-rival america.
indias actions are rational: china has, after all, needled india along the line of actual control, and coddled pakistan on terrorism.
truth be told, its hard not to sense ambition and its close relative, hubris, in play in this spectacle.
large and showy foreign policy successes, no matter how insubstantial their gains, have seduced prime ministers and bureaucrats before.
the sad truth, however, is that there will be a price for failure: the substantial one that will have to be paid to a china that has learned india is desperate for a bauble in the shop-window.
if mallya is extradited, he will be kept at barrack 12 of mumbai central prison on arthur road.
(file) if mallya is extradited, he will be kept at barrack 12 of mumbai central prison on arthur road.
(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday revealed that prime minister narendra modi expressed displeasure to his british counterpart theresa may last month on uk courts raising a finger on the condition of indian jails during the extradition trial of fugitive liquor baron vijay mallya.
modi, who attended the commonwealth heads of government summit last month in the uk, told may that these were the same prisons where erstwhile british colonial rulers had imprisoned indian leaders like mahatma gandhi and jawaharlal nehru.
read | ed likely to move court to liquidate vijay mallyas assetsthe minister said the pm also raised the issue of delay by british authorities in sending back indian fugitives.
while delivering the verdict, the uk high court had said on may 9, 2018, that mallya could be regarded as a fugitive from justice.
we have sent the extradition request to the uk.
read | vijay mallya can be regarded as fugitive from justice: uk hcmallyas lawyers have been opposing the indian governments plea for extraditing him, citing poor hygiene and overcrowding in indian jails.
a uk court last month admitted the bulk of the evidence submitted by cbi against mallya in connection with his ongoing extradition trial.
the westminister magistrates court extended the former rajya sabha mps 650,000 pounds bail until the next date of hearing on july 11.
if mallya is extradited, he will be kept at barrack 12 of mumbai central prison on arthur road.
b'a resolution to this effect was adopted at a meeting of fishermens associations in rameswaram on sunday state fishermen association president n devadoss said.
a resolution to this effect was adopted at a meeting of fishermens associations in rameswaram on sunday state fishermen association president n devadoss said.
fishermen from coastal hamlet will resume fishing operations on august 3 after a week long stir to press for various demands, including the release of 77 fishermen in sri lankan custody, as the island nation has set them free.
a resolution to this effect was adopted at a meeting of fishermens associations in rameswaram on sunday state fishermen association president n devadoss said.
the fishermen also thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for taking steps to secure the release of 77 fishermen and also her assurance to retrieve 103 boats which are still in the island nations custody.
on july 29, sushmaswaraj swaraj had held a high-level meeting with various stakeholders and deliberated on the different aspects of the fishermen issue with sri lanka.
the meeting was attended by representatives of tamil nadu, puducherry, andhra pradesh, karnataka, kerala, odisha, 13 representatives from fishermens association of tamil nadu, officials of prime ministers office, coast guard, ministries of agriculture, home, defence, external affairs and the indian navy.
external affairs minister chaired a meeting of internal stakeholders earlier today afternoon to discuss the way forward towards a permanent solution to the fishermen issue between india and sri lanka, mea spokesperson vikas swarup said.
the discussions between stakeholders on the indian side focussed on different aspects requiring attention, including the livelihood concerns of indian fishermen and introduction of sustainable fishing practices, said swarup.
he said all stakeholders agreed with swaraj that it was important to resolve the issues quickly.
there was agreement amongst all stakeholders that practical and pragmatic solutions needed to be pursued so that fishermen on both sides can pursue their livelihood in a safe, secure and sustainable manner, said the mea spokesperson.
prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)narendra modi is expected to visit israel by the middle of this year, a first by any indian prime minister to the jewish nation.
amar sinha, secretary (economic relations), said the prime ministers visit is on cards but declined to divulge details.
sources in the ministry of external affairs indicated the visit could take place somewhere around june.
israels prime minister benjamin netanyahu is also likely to visit india this year.
the two nations are celebrating 25 years of diplomatic ties this year.
speaking at an art exhibition hodu and the jews here, sinha said although both the countries have cooperation in the defence and the security sectors, conscious efforts are being made to make it a multi-dimensional relationship, and not merely unifocal.
daniel carmon, israels envoy to india, said pm modis visit is likely to be in the summer, but he too did not go into details.
carmon also said the two sides are working on every possible area of cooperation.
he, however, refused to comment on cooperation in the field of defence.
when modi visits the jewish nation, both the countries are expected to hold talks in areas ranging from agriculture to defence to cyber security and innovations.
sinha underlined the cooperation between the two countries in the areas of cyber-security and drinking water.
he also cited the visit of president pranab mukherjee to israel in october, 2015, followed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit to the jewish nation early last year.
last november, israeli president reuven rivlin also visited india.
we are trying to establish a programme under our global initiative of academic networks (gian) project.
we already have a programme where indian professor go and teach in israel.
so , we are exploring new areas, sinha said.
sinha said the two countries have planned a series of events to celebrate the silver jubilee of the diplomatic relationship this year.
it has been decided at the highest level, to create joint coordination committee to plan out the activities.
this includes visits by business delegations, academic fora.
sinha said israel sits in an area of great concern and interest to india.
new delhi formally recognised israel on september 17, 1950.
embassies were opened in 1992 when full diplomatic relations were established.
besides jaitley, the interactions in delhi will also be addressed by home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, coal minister piyush goyal, law minister ravi shankar prasad and agriculture minister radha mohan singh.
the nda governments publicity blitzkrieg on the occasion of its first anniversary next week will comprise among other things six press conferences by senior ministers in delhi, one talkathon and 15 press conferences at venues other than delhi, to be addressed by ministers, usually from those states.
information and broadcasting minister arun jaitley has circulated a schedule to the concerned ministers asking them to make it convenient to attend the conferences as scheduled.
the press information bureau (pib) is already preparing the stage for the high-profile conferences  the first is in delhi on may 22, where jaitley will showcase the achievements of the government.
the ministerial interactions will continue till june 10, with the last two being by food and civil supplies minister ram vilas paswan in patna and chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar in bengaluru.
most senior ministers have been assigned specific duties.
jaitley will hold one more press conference in vadodara on may 26  the date when the government took oath exactly a year ago; minister of state for minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi will be in lucknow on june 9; and mos (home) kiren rijiju and mos (sports) sarbanand sonowal will be in charge in guwahati.
besides jaitley, the interactions in delhi will also be addressed by home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, coal minister piyush goyal, law minister ravi shankar prasad and agriculture minister radha mohan singh.
goyal, mos (independent charge), commerce, nirmala sitharaman and hrd minister smriti irani will also hold a talkathon.
leaving nothing to chance, the government has already put in place slogans to emphasise that it has been continuously at work and has worked for the poor  a counter to congresss renewed campaign portraying the government as one that is working only for industrialists.
prime minister narendra modi will hold a rally in mathura, the birthplace of rss idealogue deen dayal upadhyay, to kick off the celebrations on may 25.
under his (narendra modis) dynamic leadership, we have taken a number of significant initiatives in various spheres of our national life which includes economy, energy and infrastructure, social security, transparency and good governance, among several others, impacting the life of our people.
the narrative of these pro-people, pro-poor, pro-farmer measures should reach out to our people to not only empower them but deepen their participation in our process of development and governance, jaitley said in his letter to ministers dated may 18.
stating that the pib has been instructed to arrange press conferences to ensure this communication happens effectively, the letter asks ministers to make it convenient to present themselves at the designated time and venue to address the press conferences.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file)on july 27, as nawaz sharifs prime ministership of pakistan was unravelling, a young pakistani woman who needed a medical visa tweeted her distress to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she pleaded that she could not meet a new condition for pakistanis to be eligible for a medical visa  a letter from the countrys foreign minister  because my country has no government.
swaraj tweeted to the indian high commissioner: gautam bamabawale ji, inhen visa dey do.
issuing orders to the bureaucracy over twitter may be the new normal, but issuing the medical visa selectively to some in this manner while denying it to others in equal or more distress does no credit to indias credentials.
earlier in july, swaraj made a similar exception, granting a 24-year-old young man from rawalakot in pakistan-occupied kashmir, a medical visa for treatment in new delhi.
osama ali had been diagnosed with a massive tumour on his liver.
his father, a lawyer, had consulted a doctor at a private hospital in delhi.
the doctor had asked them to come to delhi for treatment, which includes a liver transplant.
but they had come up against the same problem: the young man and his family members could not get a medical visa in the normal course because of a new rule that the applicant needed a letter from sartaj aziz, then then de facto foreign minister of pakistan.
predictably, there was plenty of applause from the galleries for her generosity, and much advice against showing kindness to traitors.
the father of the young man said he was profusely thankful to the minister.
the medical visa has been one of indias biggest instruments of soft power in the region, perhaps second only to bollywood.
treatment at private indian hospitals, at a fraction of the cost in europe, america or south-east asia, draws people here from other countries, especially from the neighbourhood, like a magnet.
last month, minister of state for tourism & culture mahesh sharma told the rajya sabha in a written response to a question that the number of foreign nationals arriving in india on medical/medical attendant visas was 1,84,298 in 2014; 2,33,918 in 2015; and 3,61,060 in 2016.
most of them are from south asia, where none of the other countries have the tertiary healthcare services that india has, though some of them have better national health indices.
while indian private hospitals have greatly profited from this inflow, india has basked in the reflected glory of the range of expertise indian specialists provide to fee-paying patients, from treatment of cancers to cardiac diseases, obesity to knee replacements, even though the country itself lags terribly behind on many global health indices.
last year in september, after a deadly bomb blast in kabul targeting the hazara community killed 80 people, many survivors arrived for treatment in delhi.
according to a report in the wire, 53 of the victims were treated at three private delhi hospitals, with the hazara expatriate community shouldering the bills for most, and the indian government also chipping in.
with pakistan, the medical visa has been a useful way for india to convey that it separates the people from the state.
it enabled new delhi to show itself as helpful and considerate toward pakistanis even while its relationship with the state teetered between bad and ugly.
it was also a way to flaunt to the pakistani establishment that many of its citizens were voting with their feet for services their own country had failed to provide.
on any given day in pakistan, there used to be at least six to eight persons applying for a medical visa at the indian high commission.
the number of medical visas issued could easily run into a couple of thousands a year.
the applications were usually dealt with expeditiously, and visas given in a couple of days if the applicant had all the documentation  an indian doctors opinion, and a letter from the doctor saying s/he had accepted the applicant as a patient.
the new condition that the applicant must produce a letter from the foreign minister to the indian high commission was introduced in may.
when the indian high commission began rejecting visas for medical applicants, the pakistan foreign office summoned the indian high commissioner in islamabad, gautam bambawale, for an explanation.
publicly, no reason has been given, though swaraj has appeared to link it to pakistans refusal to give a visit visa to the mother of kulbhushan jadhav, sentenced to death by a military court in pakistan.
in a series of tweets on july 10, swaraj criticised azizs failure to respond to her letter asking for a visa for jadhavs mother, though she too drew no direct connection between the two.
introducing a new obstacle for people in medical distress trying to access healthcare is not just cruel, it makes no diplomatic sense.
but it certainly is of a pattern established over 70 years of india-pakistan failure to normalise relations: when indian and pakistani leaders cant find other ways to settle scores, they target the most vulnerable of each others nationals.
it used to be prisoners, now it also includes people needing medical treatment.
in truly feudal fashion, exceptions are made to the rule, which make individual actors in the system appear larger than life for their one-time generosity, or win them applause for scoring cheap political points.
my sons heart beats for madam sushmaswaraj swaraj.
those words were spoken by the grateful parent of a four-month old.
in truth, his gushing gratitude only highlighted how india has shut down this window for all the others who need it.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has spoken to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik regarding the reported abduction of a candian national in the state.
i have spoken to naveen patnaik, chief minister regarding the reported abduction of a canadian national in koraput district of odisha, swaraj tweeted today.
she has also asked for a report from the state government.
according to local media reports, john, a canadian national, went on a bike ride into the forests on monday, but did not come back.
authorities now suspect that he may have been kidnapped by naxalites, the reports said, adding a massive search operation has been launched to trace him.
b'i get rs 4,800 as an integrated child development service worker.
it is not enough to run a family.
please arrange to take me to chief minister mamata banerjee, dipali tikadar pleaded.
(source: express photo) i get rs 4,800 as an integrated child development service worker.
it is not enough to run a family.
please arrange to take me to chief minister mamata banerjee, dipali tikadar pleaded.
(source: express photo)distraught with the news of her husbands death in mosul, dipali tikadar now harbours just one wish: a meeting with west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee to seek a government job.
dipalis husband samar tikadar was kidnapped along with 38 other indians in iraq in 2014 by islamic state.
i will tell the cm when i meet her about my poor financial condition, and appeal for a government job.
i think she will understand my situation, tikadar, a mother of two, said.
over the past four years, she had been toiling hard to make ends meet for her two children with a hope that her husbands return will change their life for better.
i thought after samar returns, our days of hardship would be over.
but now, i dont know what to expect from life, dipali tikadar told pti.
she is staring at an uncertain future with little means to provide for her children.
her son sudip is making preparations for class x board exams and daughter sharmistha is a student of class 4.
i want a government job so that i can arrange for the education of my children, the 35-year-old woman said.
the tin shed over her mud house in nadia district, along the indo-bangladesh border, is also in need of immediate repair, but tikadar says she has no money.
i get rs 4,800 as an integrated child development service worker.
it is not enough to run a family.
please arrange to take me to chief minister mamata banerjee, she pleaded.
samar tikadar had left for iraq in 2011, much like khakon tikadar  both residents of chapra mahakhola area of nadia district, close to india-bangladesh border.
their families last heard from them early 2014 before the abduction by is militants.
minister of state for external affairs vk singh has said that it would take the government eight to 10 days to bring back the remains of the 39 workers.
dipali tikadar, however, is not keen on visiting kolkata airport to receive her husbands remains.
even if i get scope to go to the airport to receive the remains of my husband, i wont go.
i am too depressed to handle the situation, she said, adding that the nadia administration has collected blood samples from samars siblings for a dna test.
while approximately 11,000 indians are still in iraq, an estimated 8,000 are in lebanon and nearly 3,000 are in afghanistan, minister of state for foreign affairs general v k singh (retired) said in written reply in the lok sabha.
responding to a separate query on incidents of indians being taken hostage in foreign countries, singh said, as per information available with the ministry, 27 indian nationals were kidnapped during 2015, 2016 and 2017 (till date).
while one of them continues to be in captivity in yemen since 2016, 25 have been released and one has died, the minister said.
b'relatives of some of the missing persons during a press conference in amritsar on sunday.
express photo by rana simranjit singh relatives of some of the missing persons during a press conference in amritsar on sunday.
express photo by rana simranjit singhin a bid to find out the whereabouts of the 39 youths missing in iraq for the last two years, their families are seeking an appointment to meet prime minister narendra modi when he visits chandigarh on tuesday to mark yoga day.
on sunday, the families even threatened to protest if they were denied permission to meet the prime minister.
earlier, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would meet us and hear our concerns.
but of late she has also stopped responding.
we have been repeatedly trying to meet pm narendra modi for the last few months and have tried every possible means of communication to get in touch with him, claimed gurpinder kaur, whose brother manjinder singh is one of the youths abducted by the islamic state (is) in iraq.
she went on to say, pm modi is coming to chandigarh tuesday for yoga day and we will be going there to meet him.
i have been trying all channels.
we will try every possible means to meet him.
watch video: whats making newsclarifying their stand, kaur said, our first priority is to get an appointment (with prime minister narendra modi).
failing to do so, we may protest.
i have also been trying to get an appointment from the chief minister parkash singh badal for the last 15 days, kaur added.
i made several calls to his office and have even contacted all officials concerned to get an appointment.
but now, i have stopped trying as they have not responded.
sardara singh, father of another missing youth gurcharan singh (amritsar district), said, we want to know about our loved ones.
how can the government just stop addressing the issue?
they ought to respond.
if prime minister modi can take up the issue of abduction of ch.
balram kishore and t. gopikrishna from hyderabad in libya with his counterpart in that country and conduct meetings with their families, why cannot he do so in this case?
he asked.
b'new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves after meeting with home minister rajnath singh at his residence in new delhi on monday.
(source: pti photo) new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leaves after meeting with home minister rajnath singh at his residence in new delhi on monday.
(source: pti photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday met home minister rajnath singh, amid the uncertainty over the indo-pak foreign secretary-level talks scheduled in islamabad on january 15 after the pathankot terror attack.
according to official sources, the 20-minute one-on-one meeting was held on a request of swaraj.
however, offices of both singh and swaraj did not comment on the issues discussed between the two.
sources indicated that the recent terrorist attack in pathankot, where seven security personnel were killed, might have figured in the meeting.
all terror-related information and inputs about pakistan- based terrorist groups are provided by the home ministry to the external affairs ministry whenever india-pakistan meet to discuss bilateral issues.
in a clear message, india has linked the fs-level talks to islamabads prompt and decisive action in the pathankot terror attack for which it has provided actionable intelligence.
in a pre-dawn attack, a group of heavily-armed pakistani terrorists attacked the air force base in pathankot on january 2.
the process of resumption of talks was set in motion after a meeting between prime ministers of india and pakistan in paris on november 30 on the sidelines of climate change conference.
the meet was followed by the nsas of india and pakistan meeting in bangkok a week later following which the external affairs minister visited pakistan to attend heart of asia conference during which the two sides announced the resumption of talks under bilateral comprehensive dialogue process.
in a surprise move, prime minister narendra modi also visited lahore on december 25 to greet his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif on his birthday in person.
b'yoga guru baba ramdev with prime minister narendra modi yoga guru baba ramdev with prime minister narendra modicalling on prime minister narendra modi to launch a campaign to free pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok), yoga guru baba ramdev has said it was about time that india took concrete steps to take back the captured and disputed land.
prime minister modi should begin a campaign to free pok.
nawaz sharif has the nerve to say that pakistan will take kashmir at any cost.
our children look at kashmir only on the maps but pakistan has captured it.
when a cowardly nation captures a part of a great nation, we cant just sit silently, ramdev told the media.
he further said that the prime minister should take concrete steps to destroy active terrorist organisations targeting india from the pakistani soil.
earlier, describing kashmir as unfinished agenda of the united nations, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif vowed to raise the issue at every international platform and provide all sort of support to kashmiris.
sharif had also praised slain hizbul mujahideen militant burhan wani wani and called him a martyr, accusing india of human rights violations in the valley.
in response, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj gave a fitting reply to sharif for interfering in indias internal matters and trying to destabilise the situation in the kashmir valley, saying that the continuous remarks by pakistan are somewhere leading to a malicious propaganda against india.
meanwhile, people in neelum valley in pok on friday took to the streets to protest against rigged july 21 elections, which was won by nawaz sharifs pakistan muslim league-nawaz (pml-n) party.
the protesters had to face the polices wrath as they burnt pakistani flag and raised slogans against the government.
besides blackening election posters, the protesters also burnt tyres, blocked traffic and clashed with the police personnel deployed on duty.
widespread protests have been witnessed in the major pok towns, including muzaffarabad, kotli, chinari and mirpur, after members of the pml (n) killed a supporter of the muslim conference (mc) in muzaffarabad.
locals allege that the elections in pok are always fixed in favour of the ruling party in pakistan, in current instance, for the pml-n.
b'speaking in parliament amidst an uproar by the treasury benches,bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj protested the absence of home minister sushil kumar shinde in the house and at the same time accused government of not being concerned about crpf jawans losing their lives in attacks by militants sponsored by pakistan.
as upa allied mps objected vociferously,sushma expresssed her own outrage that mps should have been seriously discussing the srinagar attack and its aftermath and yet they are challenging each other.
she added: dont challenge bjp,instead,let us unite and challenge pakistan unitedly.
these remarks caused congress and its allies to raise the pitch of their protests,causing speaker meira kumar to repeatedly call for order without success.
amidst the bedlam,sushma added,this attack has happened in the very place where some interested people are demanding the revoking of afspa.
and as she ran out of time,she added,govt must provide an answer over the attack in srinagar and its failure to pre-empt it.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will on wednesday begin her three-day visit to japan during which she will co-chair a strategic dialogue with her japanese counterpart taro kono and review the entire gamut of bilateral ties.
the ninth india-japan strategic dialogue will take place on march 29.
the two sides will review all aspects of bilateral relations and exchange views on regional and international issues of common interest, a ministry of external affairs (mea) statement said.
india and japan concluded a special strategic and global partnership during prime minister narendra modis visit to japan in 2014.
japanese prime minister shinzo abe had also visited india in september 2017.
bilateral relations have been strengthened in diverse sectors in recent years and india and japan have a strong cooperation in nuclear energy, defence and science and technology sectors.
japan is one of the largest investors in india, with a growing presence in infrastructure, manufacturing, financial markets and capacity-building projects, among others.
b'a private jet carrying bjp president rajnath singh and senior leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley made an emergency landing today at delhi airport after it developed problems in its auto-pilot system.
the bjp leaders were flying to bangalore to address an election rally there but the plane made an emergency landing nine minutes after taking off this morning,sources said.
they added that all the passengers on board the aircraft are safe and may fly to bangalore if alternate arrangements are made.
the turbine powered challenger jet is owned by a mumbai- based company called eon aviation.
it is a nine-seater plane with the call sign of vt-dbg,atc sources said.
the pilot detected the problem in aircrafts auto-pilot system after taking off and immediately sought atcs permission to land under emergency conditions,they said.
bjp general secretary dharmendra pradhan and joint general secretary (organisation) v satish were also on-board the aircraft when the incident took place.
atc sources said the pilot took the correct action of landing the aircraft after the problem was detected.
eman en route mumbais saifee hospital from the airport (express photo by amit chakravarty) eman en route mumbais saifee hospital from the airport (express photo by amit chakravarty)eman ahmed, believed to be the worlds heaviest woman weighing almost 500 kgs, landed in mumbai saturday for her weight-reduction surgery at the saifee hospital.
heres all you need to know about the case: eman was transported from her home in alexandria to mumbai on an egypt air cargo plane.
a specially crafted bed was used to make her seven-hour flight more comfortable.
as a precautionary measure, the flight had been furnished with all the equipment needed in case of an emergency such as portable ventilator, portable defibrillator, oxygen cylinders, intubating laryngoscopes and other safety drugs.
this is emans first trip out of her home in last 25 years.
she was accompanied sister shaimaa ahmed.
watch video| worlds heaviest woman eman ahmed expresses desire to meet salman khan at the mumbai airport, eman was lifted by a crane from the egypt air plane and placed in a special mini truck procured by saifee hospital, which has constructed a special room with broad doorway and special intensive care unit to house eman.
the truck was followed by an ambulance and a police escort till the hospital.
currently eman cannot move or walk due to paralysis in right leg and right arm.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) currently eman cannot move or walk due to paralysis in right leg and right arm.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) the bed-bound woman will be treated by mumbai-based bariatric surgeon muffazal lakdawala at the citys saifee hospital.
top officials including egyptian consulate general ahmed khalil were present at the spot until eman was safely admitted in the hospital.
according to the bbc, lakdawala has also performed weight reduction surgeries on union ministers nitin gadkari and venkaiah naidu.
watch | worlds heaviest woman eman ahmed has already lost 30 kg in 5 days currently eman cannot move or walk due to paralysis in right leg and right arm.
she reportedly weighed 5 kg at birth and was diagnosed with elephantiasis, a condition in which a limb or other body parts swell due to a parasitic infection.
in an interview to bbc, dr lakdawala said, they said when she was 11, she had gained immense weight because of which she could not stand up and would crawl.
and then she suffered a stroke which left her bedridden and she has not been able to leave home since then.
at the mumbai airport, eman was lifted by a crane from egypt air plane and placed in a special mini truck.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) at the mumbai airport, eman was lifted by a crane from egypt air plane and placed in a special mini truck.
(express photo by amit chakravarty) extensive treatment is slated to continue for next six months including several surgeries.
the hospital will be treating eman for free for both the treatment and surgeries.
on december 5, 2016, dr muffazal lakdawala had tweeted to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking help in procuring medical visa for eman.
the foreign minister responded assuring help in the matter.
the current guinness record for being the worlds heaviest woman belongs to pauline potter of the united states who weighed 292 kg in 2010.
if reports about emans weight are true, she would break that record.
b'congress president rahul gandhi also accused the government of baiting the media.
(source: express photo by anil sharma/file) congress president rahul gandhi also accused the government of baiting the media.
(source: express photo by anil sharma/file)targeting prime minister narendra modi-led bharatiya janata party (bjp) on their stand on the facebook data breach, congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said the ruling government was inventing the story to divert peoples attention from the killing of the 39 indians in iraq as it was caught lying in the matter.
he also accused the government of baiting the media.
what rahul tweetedproblem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul gandhi tweeted.
subsequently, congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala today hit out at pm modi and union minister ravi shankar prasad saying, hitler had an associate called goebbels, modi ji has an associate called ravi shankar prasad.
bjp govt has become a manufacturer of fake news.
sabse bade data chor macha rahe hain sabse zyada shor (the biggest data thiefs are making the most noise).
soon after the data leaks scandal broke out, both congress and bjp accused each other of using the services of data firm cambridge analytica to influence elections in india.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 22, 2018bjp continues to attack congressreiterating its allegations of congresss links to political data analytics firm cambridge analytica (ca), the bjp on thursday claimed that the firm was involved in rahul gandhis social media campaign and there had been meetings too in this regard.
the bjp also questioned the silence of the congress president for more than five months over media reports that claimed his party had roped in ca as brahmashtra to counter prime minister narendra modi in 2019.
the report in this regard was first published on october 9, 2017 and the party maintained silence until i raised the issue on wednesday.
they denied the allegations when they found themselves in trouble after the issue was brought to the fore, union law minister ravi shankar prasad said at a press conference.
the minister, accepting full responsibility, said that ca had been managing the social media campaign for rahul gandhi and there had been meetings also in this connection.
the congress cannot run away from this fact.
if the congress maintains a conspicuous silence on such an important news of the involvement of a dubious social media company and does not counter it, then i am sorry.
they dont have any right to run the country, he said.
the congress denied the allegation and claimed that the bjp and its current ruling ally in bihar, jd(u), had engaged the data firm in elections, including in 2014.
though prasad quoted news reports that cambridge analytica may have been hired by the congress last year, the international data analytics firm has no mention of the congress party.
prasad, meanwhile, also delivered a sharp warning to the social media giant, saying the government would take stringent action, including summoning its ceo mark zuckerberg to india, in case of any data theft of indians.
what is the controversyaccording to reports, a facebook associate was involved in a massive breach of user information to allegedly influence polls in the us and the uk.
the firms services were used in the bihar assembly elections in 2010 and the india partner of cas parent company allegedly worked with three political parties  bjp, congress and jd(u).
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had in a statement in parliament on tuesday said that the 39 indians who were kidnapped by the terror outfit isis in june 2016, were killed.
several including the opposition leaders and the victims families questioned why the government kept them in the dark, while, others sought refuge in grief and demanded assistance from the centre.
the opposition parties tuesday slammed the nda government for making an announcement in parliament before intimating their families, calling it insensitive and unpardonable.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian ambassador in the us on the arrest of a baroda-based businessman at an airport in the american state of north dakota.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian ambassador in the us on the arrest of a baroda-based businessman at an airport in the american state of north dakota.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian ambassador in the us on the arrest of a baroda-based businessman at an airport in the american state of north dakota.
i have asked for a report from indian ambassador in u.s. @indianembassyus, she tweeted in response to a tweet by the wife of the arrested indian man.
i have asked for a report from indian ambassador in u.s. @indianembassyus.
http://t.
co/9xv09int4s  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 30, 2017sushmaji, my husband paraman radhakrishnan is an honest man with a passion for energy conservation, the wife tweeted to the minister.
53-year-old radhakrishnan was taken into custody at the grand forks international airport by police for allegedly making a bomb threat at an airport as he told a travel agent that there was an explosive in his bag.
he faces terrorism charges.
congress chief sonia gandhis political secretary ahmed patel also sought swarajs intervention for the release of radhakrishnan.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with u.s. secretary of state john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti photo by shirish shete) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with u.s. secretary of state john kerry at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti photo by shirish shete)us secretary of state john kerry reaffirmed the efforts of india and the united states in cutting down the drastic effects of climate change.
our governments have overcome decades of differences on a climate change policy, said kerry at the indo-us plenary session in new delhi.
kerry added that he hoped to bring the paris agreement into force soon.
kerry is leading the american delegation to tuesdays seventh meeting of the us-india strategic dialogue, which seeks to improve security and economic development ties between the nations.
he held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was also present at the plenary session.
he thanked swaraj for indias collaboration in talks on climate change.
on the civil nuclear deal, kerry said he hoped the cooperation takes shape in the form of new reactors that will deliver power to new households.
the us-india strategic and commercial dialogue is the signature mechanism for advancing shared priorities of generating sustainable economic growth, creating jobs, improving the business and investment climate, enhancing livelihoods and sustaining the rules-based global order between both the nations.
watch video: there should be no distinction between good and bad terrorists- kerrythis dialogue was elevated into a strategic and commercial dialogue during the visit of u.s. president barack obama to india in january 2015.
b'an all-party meeting to iron out differences on the contentious land acquisition bill today failed to make much headway amid divergent views,though the parties did express willingness to get the measure passed in parliament at the earliest.
it was decided to hold a fresh round of consultations on april 18 to sort out differences.
there were two options.
one was to send the bill to the standing committee.
the other was to settle the issues in all-party meeting.
we will hold a day-long meeting on april 18 where government will bring its official amendments after studying the amendments suggested by various parties, leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj said after the meeting.
rural development minister jairam ramesh was hopeful that the bill will be passed in the budget session.
there is a little progress.
i hope that the bill will be passed in this session, he said.
she said the government has deleted the term sez and replaced it with manufacturing zones in the bill.
it is the same thing, she said.
bjp suggested that instead of acquisition,the land could be leased to the developer as it was a better proposition because the land will remain with the farmer and would provide him with regular annual income.
she said another issue to which bjp objected was the very wide definition of the term public purpose.
during the meeting,samajwadi partys rewati raman singh objected to the poor rate of compensation and suggested jobs for young members of the farmers families which give out their land.
the compensation amount will be exhausted.
job is what they require besides compensation, he said.
he also pointed out that 27 per cent of the cultivable land has so far been acquired for sezs.
at this rate,we will have food shortage.
there will be food security crisis.
only barren and uncultivated land should be given out, singh said,adding that if sps concerns are addressed,the party would like the measure to be passed at the earliest.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
i was informed about the stabbing of mrs. gopika shajikumar an indian national from kottayam (kerala).
i asked for an immediate report and we have complete details of the unfortunate incident.
gopika has undergone surgery at the farwaniya hospital.
i wish her a speedy recovery, swaraj wrote on microblogging website twitter.
the union minister also said that the indian embassy has taken up the matter at the highest level in kuwait to ensure safety and security of indian nationals there.
our embassy has taken up the matter at the highest level in kuwait to ensure safety and security of indian nationals there.
/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 21, 2017talking about another case in libya concerning indian citizen suffering a bullet injury, swaraj wrote on twitter, we have rescued dr.ramamurthy kosanam in libya.
dr.kosanam has suffered a bullet injury.
we are bringing him to india shortly.
with this, we have rescued all the six indians abducted there.
i appreciate the good work done by our mission there.
during pm deubas visit, delhi must convey the message: ties with nepal are more than transactional (archive) during pm deubas visit, delhi must convey the message: ties with nepal are more than transactional (archive)the five-day visit by nepals prime minister, sher bahadur deuba, is an opportunity for india to take a clear-eyed look at relations between the two countries.
in parliament on august 3, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj taunted the congress for pointing out that ties with nepal had deteriorated.
not one visit to nepal by an indian prime minister in 17 years, 11 of which you were in power, and relations were great?
and two visits by prime minister [modi] in one year, and relations are bad?
she asked.
the answer to the first question is no, and to the second, yes.
nepal-india relations have been uneven for decades, but the two modi visits did not help repair them.
india continues to be seen in nepal as the interfering big brother, who micromanages the countrys politics and installs puppet governments.
if anything, anti-india sentiment was strengthened by the 2015 great blockade by the madhesis  it was seen to have delhis tacit support  in pursuit of their demand for greater representation in the nepal parliament.
it was during the blockade that china poured money into nepal for several infrastructure projects, and sewed up trade and transit deals.
but the india-china stand-off in doklam is forcing a rethink in india.
madhesis, who have ethnic links with indians in bihar and up, have realised with not a little disappointment, that india has shelved its support to their cause for a higher stakes game unfolding with china.
by that same token, nepal cannot be faulted for pressing home the advantage it has at this delicate time in india-china relations to see who can offer it the best deal.
deuba is likely to bring up a long list of complaints against india, from the mahakali multipurpose project he signed when he was pm in 1996 but which has not seen the light of day, to the ill-effects of the november 2016 demonetisation on nepali traders and businessmen.
at the political level, there are concerns, in nepals opposition as well as within the ruling coalition, that the bjp government is pushing their government towards jettisoning the countrys recently acquired secular status.
new delhi has drawn comfort that deubas first foreign visit, after succeeding pushpa kamal dahal as pm two months ago, is to the indian capital.
many mous and other agreements will be signed to convey that india is a friend, even though without the deep pockets of china.
the challenge will be to convince both deuba and nepal that india can really keep out of the countrys internal affairs, and that ties between the two countries are more than transactional.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today inaugurated the eighth conference of head of missions here.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj inaugurates the 8th hom conference.
releases a booklet india surging ahead on successful economic diplomacy, the external affairs ministry spokesperson said.
key foreign policy issues including indias engagement with major powers as well as strain in ties with pakistan and china are being discussed in the meet, which started yesterday and is being attended by around 120 indian envoys posted worldwide.
the four-day annual conclave is also expected to discuss major developments globally and how india should mould its policy to deal with them.
it is learnt that envoys made presentations on the state of indias bilateral relationship with the countries they are posted to.
indias relationship with the trump administration and ties with russia are also likely to figure in the conclave.
the annual meet is taking place at a time when indo-pak ties have nosedived following the beheading of two indian soldiers by the pakistan military in jammu and kashmir and the issue is likely to figure during the discussions.
indias ties with the resource-rich african continent as well as with the gulf countries and the situation in the middle east are also expected to be discussed during the meet.
prime minister narendra modi (pti photo) prime minister narendra modi (pti photo)prime minister narendra modi will hold talks with us president donald trump on june 26 on issues including strengthening the joint mechanism in combating terrorism, trade and h1-b temporary visa.
announcing modis visit from june 25, the external affairs ministry on monday said the modi-trump discussions would provide a new direction for deeper bilateral engagement.
this will be the first meeting between the two leaders, the ministry added.
the two leaders have spoken over phone at least thrice since trump assumed office.
the prime minister will hold official talks with president trump on june 26.
their discussions will provide a new direction for deeper bilateral engagement on issues of mutual interest and consolidation of multi-dimensional strategic partnership between india and the us, the ministry said.
the regional security situation including pakistan-sponsored terrorism and other international issues are expected to figure prominently during the meeting between the two leaders.
the meeting comes at a time when trump has made critical comments about india while announcing americas decision to pull out of the paris climate change agreement.
he has accused india and other countries of trying to extract billions and billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid from the developed world to sign up for the climate accord.
in spite of differences on some issues, modis discussions with trump are likely to find a common approach on matters related to south asia, particularly the rise in infiltration from pakistan, terrorism and indias case for a seat at the nuclear suppliers group.
modi has reiterated indias support to the paris agreement and said he is willing to go further than what has been committed under the paris accord.
b'i am sorry two indian students pranav shandilya of muzaffarnagar and ankur singh (ghaziabad) were stabbed to death in ukraine on april 10.
(ap photo) i am sorry two indian students pranav shandilya of muzaffarnagar and ankur singh (ghaziabad) were stabbed to death in ukraine on april 10.
(ap photo)two indian students at a medical college in ukraine were on sunday stabbed to death while another sustained injuries in the attack, the government said monday.
all three students are from uttar pradesh.
i am sorry two indian students pranav shandilya of muzaffarnagar and ankur singh (ghaziabad) were stabbed to death in ukraine on april 10.
mea spokesperson vikas swarup said the attack on the (indian students in uzhgorod medical college, ukraine) was carried out by three ukrainian nationals at around 3 am in the morning of sunday, april 10.
shandilya was a third year student, while singh was a fourth year student at the college.
based on his (chauhans) statement, the police apprehended the ukrainian nationals who were trying to cross the ukrainian border.
passports/documents of the three indian students and blood-stained knife were reportedly recovered from the ukrainian nationals, the mea spokesman said.
he said the indian embassy at kiev was informed of the incident around 11 am yesterday and it has been trying to ascertain the facts from the police, the university authorities and other local contacts.
the embassy has spoken to the families of the two deceased students.
all necessary actions are being taken to complete the formalities for sending the two bodies to india.
the embassy is also taking up the matter related to safety of indian students strongly with the foreign office of ukraine, said swarup.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved families.
we promise them all help, the minister said.
union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with defence minister of canada harjit singh sajjan at the delegation level talks in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo by kamal singh) union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with defence minister of canada harjit singh sajjan at the delegation level talks in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo by kamal singh)canadian defence minister harjit singh sajjan met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday and discussed a range of bilateral and regional issues.
sajjan and swaraj also explored ways to further deepen engagement between the two countries in areas of trade and investment.
canada is home to over 1.
2 million indian-origin people comprising more than 3 per cent of the countrys population and the issue of welfare of the community understood to have figured in the meeting.
sajjan, a sikh, arrived here on monday on a seven-day india visit, his first after assuming charge as canadas minister of national defence.
in his meeting with sajjan yesterday, defence minister arun jaitley had raised the issue of indias anguish over the ontario legislative assembly passing a motion recently describing the 1984 anti-sikh riots as genocide.
the ties between india and canada have been on an upswing.
the volume of bilateral trade has seen a steady growth.
the two-way trade in 2010 was canadian dollar 4.
2 billion which had gone up to c$ 6.
4 billion in 2014.
items that india exports to canada include gems, jewellery and precious stones, pharmaceutical products, readymade garments, textiles, organic chemicals, light engineering goods, iron and steel articles.
indias imports from canada include pulses, newsprint, wood pulp, asbestos and potash.
b'externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file) externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit china later this week to participate in the foreign ministers meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) during which she will also hold talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi.
swaraj, who will be arriving in china on april 21, is expected to meet wang on april 22.
she is scheduled to take part in the sco foreign ministers meeting on april 24, official sources here said.
this will be their first meeting after wang has been elevated last month to be the state councillor, which makes him the top diplomat in the chinese hierarchy.
he will hold the dual posts of the state councillor and foreign minister.
after her china visit, she will travel to magnolia.
swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman are visiting china virtually around the same time.
sitharaman is due to take part in the sco defence ministers meeting on april 24.
the sco meetings are a prelude to the june summit of the eight-member grouping in which india and pakistan have become new members.
prime minister narendra modi is expected to take part in the sco summit to be held in the chinese city of qingdao in june.
foreign and defence ministers of pakistan are also expected to attend the april 24 meetings.
the sco is comprised of china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, uzbekistan, india and pakistan.
visits by swaraj and sitharaman are taking place as india and china have stepped up high-level exchanges to defuse tensions following last years dokalam standoff.
on april 13, national security advisor ajit doval met yang jiechi, director of chinas foreign affairs commission and member of the ruling communist party of china, in shanghai during which the two sides held in-depth talks on improving the relations.
both sides also held the 11th joint economic group meeting and the fifth strategic economic dialogue (sed).
india and china also held working mechanism meeting on border affairs and cross border rivers.
commenting on the meetings, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying told the media here yesterday that bilateral ties have seen sound momentum and all round cooperation this year.
b'nepal prime minister kp sharma oli.
(photo: reuters) nepal prime minister kp sharma oli.
(photo: reuters)on his first trip after being elected, nepal prime minister k p sharma oli will come for a three-day state visit to india with spouse radhika shakya on april 6 at the invitation of his indian counterpart narendra modi.
during his visit, oli, along with a high-level delegation, will hold talks with prime minister modi.
he will also meet president ram nath kovind and vice-president m venkaiah naidu.
officials from the ministry of external affairs and other ministers are also expected to meet the nepal pm.
india and nepal enjoy age-old, special ties of friendship and cooperation.
the upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review wide-ranging cooperative partnership, and to progress it further for the benefit of the two peoples, the ministry of external affairs said in a statement.
besides official engagements in new delhi, oli is scheduled to visit g b pant university of agriculture in pantnagar, uttarakhand.
external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited nepal before oli took office to congratulate him for the victory of the left alliance in the parliamentary and provincial elections.
she was the first senior indian minister to visit nepal after the conclusion of elections to local bodies, provincial assemblies and federal parliament.
while congratulating oli over phone upon his appointment to the top executive post last month, prime minister modi had extended him an invitation to visit india.
mashal cannot appear for the all-india pre-medical test  the entrance examination for admission in undergraduate medical course  because of her status as a foreigner.
express photo mashal cannot appear for the all-india pre-medical test  the entrance examination for admission in undergraduate medical course  because of her status as a foreigner.
express photonineteen-year-old mashal maheshwari, who moved to jaipur from hyderabad in pakistans sindh province two years ago, has been offered a medical seat in karnataka after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention.
mashal, whose both parents are doctors, had scored 91 per cent marks in her cbse class xii examination this year.
however, she was not allowed to appear for the all india pre medical test (aipmt) as only nris and persons of indian origin (pios) are allowed to take the examination, while she and her family are here on a long-term visa.
after knowing mashals story, swaraj reached out to her and assured her that she would help her realise her dream.
read | in jaipur, a pakistani girl faces big test: how to take medical exammashal  dont be disappointed my child.
i will personally take up your case for admission in a medical college, swaraj had tweeted on sunday.
on monday, swaraj had again tweeted, mashal  i am watching you on cnn news.
please contact me on telephone : 011-23794344.
i am waiting for your call.
subsequently, in a telephonic conversation, swaraj sought mashals certificates over email and offered her a seat in karnataka.
talking to mediapersons, mashal said that the minister, assured her and offered her a seat in karnataka.
however, she said her parents are reluctant to send her to karnataka.
my parents are reluctant to send me there because the language and the region are completely new.
it took us two years to completely adjust to this environment in rajasthan, she said.
b'pm narendra modi to visit china for summit talks with president xi jinping from april 27 to 28.
(source: ap/file) pm narendra modi to visit china for summit talks with president xi jinping from april 27 to 28.
(source: ap/file)prime minister narendra modi will visit china for an informal summit with president xi jinping from april 27 to 28 in wuhan, said chinese foreign minister wang yi.
we will make sure that the informal summit (between pm modi and president jinping) will be a complete success and a milestone in china-india relations, wang yi said while addressing a joint presser with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in beijing.
the informal summit is aimed at exchanging views on bilateral and international matters and to enhance mutual communication between the two leaders, wang yi said.
the two leaders will have communications of a strategic nature concerning the once in a century shifts going on in the world.
they will also exchange views on overarching long-term and strategic matters concerning the future of china-india relations, wang said.
swaraj, meanwhile, stated that the meeting will bolster the bilateral relationship between the asian giants.
the informal summit will be an important occasion for them to exchange views on bilateral and international matters from an over-arching and long-term perspective with the objective of enhancing mutual communication at the level of leaders, the external affairs minister said.
the forthcoming wuhan meet is considered as an attempt to defrost the icy relationship that has evolved between india and china after troops of both the countries were locked in a 73-day standoff in doklam from june 16 last year.
at the joint media event, wang said pm modi will be visiting the central chinese city at the invitation of president xi.
eam @sushmaswaraj concluding her press statement wishing foreign minister of china wang yi all success for sco foreign ministers meeting on 24th april.
pic.
twitter.com/f1noz4yfjv  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) april 22, 2018read | sushmaswaraj swaraj in china: pm modis call to xi spurred positive momentum for dialogue, says wang yiswaraj will take part in the two-day meeting of foreign ministers of the eight-nation shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) starting tomorrow.
while addressing the joint presser, swaraj conveyed appreciation to the chinese side for their confirmation on resumption of data sharing on brahmaputra and sutlej rivers in 2018.
she also said the kailash mansarovar yatra through the nathu la route will be resumed this year.
eam @sushmaswaraj : prime minister of india @narendramodi will visit china on 27 & 28 april for an informal summit with president of china xi jinping in the city of wuhan.
pic.
twitter.com/sus2vsavdo  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) april 22, 2018this will be the fourth visit of modi to china after he stormed to power in 2014.
he is again due to visit china to take part in the sco summit to be held at qingdao city on june 9-10.
the modi-xi summit meeting is taking place following a series of high level interactions between both the countries starting with chinese foreign minister wangs visit to india in december, the first after doklam standoff.
it was followed by two meetings between national security advisor ajit doval and his chinese counterpart yang jiechi and the visit early this year by foreign secretary vijay gokhale to beijing.
the two countries also held 11th joint economic group meeting and the fifth strategic economic dialogue (sed) here recently.
the election commission of india (file photo) the election commission of india (file photo)ec makes a third push for tough anti-bribery lawthe election commission of india, despite being rebuffed by the government twice, is determined with its demand to cancel an election in case of voter bribery.
chief election commissioner (cec) nasim zaidi said,  cash and liquor seizures during the ongoing assembly elections in punjab, uttar pradesh, goa, uttarakhand and manipur have been over three times the volumes that were seized when these states went to polls the last time in 2012.
read morethree rss volunteers allegedly attacked by cpm workers in kozhikodethe police on sunday said that three rss activists have been allegedly attacked by cpi(m) workers at a village near koyilandy.
the victims were admitted to the medical college hospital.
no one has taken responsibility and both the parties are blaming each other.
read moreair india makes first journey around the world with all-women crewair india claims it became the first airline to travel around the globe with an all-women crew.
the flight departed from new delhi to san francisco on monday and returned back on friday.
air india said that the boeing 777 flight flew over the pacific ocean on its trip to the us, while its return journey was over the atlantic, encircling the globe.
air india said that it has applied for an entry on the guinness world record, the bbc reported.
the man allegedly asked the victim to go back to his own country.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to the victims father and inquired about his health.
i am sorry to know about attack on deep rai a us national of indian origin.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh father of the victim.
he told me that his son had a bullet injury on his arm.
he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital, she said in a series of tweet.
meet on physical education trends startskharar: a two-day national conference on global trends in physical education and sports got underway at shaheed kanshi ram college of physical education in bhagoo majra village near kharar on tuesday.
physical educationist and former indian hockey captain avinash sidhu inaugurated the meet  sponsored by ugc.
around 350 physical educationists from across the country participated in the conference.
six scientific sessions were organised on the first day and 50 papers presented in three scientific sessions.
allahabad bank holds nri meetchandigarh: a large number of people from the tricity attended a special nri meet organised by allahabad bank here on tuesday.
the bank made a presentation on nri guidelines in india as well as nri products being provided by it.
an open session was also held with nris to address their problems and doubts.
allahabad bank dgm and zonal head (chandigarh) sudip banerjee appreciated the nris contribution to the indian banking sector economy.
honour for freedom fighterschandigarh: the chandigarh social welfare council held a function on tuesday to honour freedom fighters.
as many as 20 people were honoured,some through their family members.
they are m k sharda,bhopal singh,s r sharma,surjeet singh,r n joshi,chanan ram,hazara singh,bachan singh,satya pal,fakir singh,jet singh,o p sharda,tek chand shastri,sukh chain,d r gandhi,chander singh and hand raj wireless.
man dies,wife hurt in mishapkharar: two persons were killed while a woman sustained serious injuries in separate road mishaps in kharar during the past 24 hours.
ajit singh of balongi near mohali was killed while his wife malkiat kaur sustained injuries when their motorcycle was hit by a car near mamoopur village on the kharar-ludhiana stretch of nh-95.
the car driver fled the spot.
canada varsity president visits puchandigarh: former canada foreign minister and current university of winnipeg president lloyd axworthy gave a lecture on the growing influence of india at pu on tuesday.
bjp,youth wing hold protestschandigarh/panchkula: the bharatiya janata yuva morcha held a protest at the sector 17 plaza,chandigarh,on tuesday against the stopping of the rashtriya ekta yatra at the jammu border.
in panchkula,bjp district unit workers gathered at the dcs office to protest against the arrest of party leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitly and ananth kumar.
forensic report confirms payal was murderedpanchkula: the forensic report of payal,who was found dead in a water tanker at her sector 26 home on november 18,2010,has confirmed that she was murdered,said chandimandir police station sho inspector jang sher.
earlier,her husband vinod and father-in-law col jaipal singh had claimed that it was a suicide.
her father had registered a murder complaint on november 21.
asi creates ruckuspanchkula: an asi of panchkula police created a scene at the vikas nagar railway crossing in an inebriated condition on monday night.
the cop has been identified as asi karam chand.
according to eyewitnesses,he misbehaved with commuters and hurled abuses at them.
voters day functionschandigarh/ ambala: adviser to the ut administrator pradip mehra inaugurated the state-level national voters day function at the government college of education,sector 20,on tuesday.
the administration is organising functions at 166 locations,covering 422 polling stations,to mark the occasion.
1.
29 lakh get pulse poliochandigarh: 1,29,524 children were administered pulse polio drops in the ut during the three-day campaign from january 23 to 25.
mohali immigration racketmohali: hoshiarpur travel agent amit pathari was booked for allegedly running an immigration racket in mohali.
a case of cheating under section 420 of ipc and offence punishable under section 24 of the immigration act was registered against him.
hs prannoy, world no 29, complained of slow response in getting their passports back.
(file) hs prannoy, world no 29, complained of slow response in getting their passports back.
(file)shuttlers hs prannoy and n sikki reddy have taken to twitter to complain of delayed visa application process at the central visa documentation and third party agency vfs global prior to the continued busy calendar.
where prannoy complained of delayed application processing and hence no passport from the canadian vfs which would affect his participation in the indonesian open, the same complain was made by doubles specialist n sikki reddy.
as per the process, the vfs agency keeps the passport and stamps the visa for required country after a certain time period.
during this period, an individual cannot travel using the passport.
this delay rendered chances of the indian players to play in indonesian open, which begins from june 12, difficult.
in the tweet, prannoy wrote, well looks like no indonesia open this year too because of no passport!
!
no help from canada vfs till now #disappointing @sikkireddy while tagging fellow shuttler n sikki reddy.
on her own, sikki reddy asked for help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she simply wrote, mam please look into it and help us to get our passport.
thank you.
in her note she explained they players had applied for the visa 10 days back and were yet to receive their passports which was going to affect their participation in indonesia and australia (june 20-25).
well looks like no indonesia open this year too because of no passport!
!
no help from canada vfs till now #disappointing @sikkireddy  prannoy hs (@prannoyhspri) 8 june 2017@sushmaswaraj mam please look into it and help us to get our passport.
thank you  pic.
twitter.com/o27mbo8hsu  sikkireddy (@sikkireddy) 7 june 2017badminton association of india released a statement on thursday evening clarifying the situation and that visas will be acquired in time.
badminton association of india (bai) hereby states that the issue relating to delay in acquiring visa of shuttlers n. siki reddy, h.s prannoy and summeth reddy has been resolved.
the players can now travel for the canadian open to be held in calgary from july 11, 2017 immediately.
bai got into action moment it was brought to their notice and mr.anand khare, senior official of the federation acted upon the matter in lightning speed.
he got in touch with the canadian high commission and ensured the visa of the players are granted in shortest possible time.
the players have been informed about the development and bai wishes them best for the upcoming tournament.
prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)bjps two-day national executive meeting will begin here tomorrow with all the party bigwigs, including prime minister narendra modi, joining the deliberations.
however, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is likely to skip the meet on health grounds, union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan said.
sushmaji will not be able to attend the national executive meeting on health grounds.
she has been advised rest by doctors, he said.
swarajs presence and guidance would be felt at the meet, pradhan told reporters while inaugurating the media centre, set up for the conclave.
union ministers, chief ministers of 13 bjp-ruled states and three deputy chief ministers will attend the meet, he added.
party veterans lk advani and mm joshi will also attend it.
the prime minister is scheduled to arrive at the state capital here by 3.
30 pm tomorrow.
he will proceed to the raj bhavan before attending the national executive meet at janata maidan at 5 pm, pradhan said.
bjp president amit shah, who arrived here today, garlanded the statue of br ambedkar at ag chhak, near the secretariat.
shah is also slated to attend a programme at the state bjp headquarters to celebrate the odia new year.
in pakistan also we faced many problems and now here we are facing problems with our admission, kawesh said.
in pakistan also we faced many problems and now here we are facing problems with our admission, kawesh said.
two pakistani hindu refugee cousins have sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj after the ignou denied them admission for the want of students visa.
kawesh kumar and wikeesh kumar had approached civil rights group social jurist following cancellation of their application by the ignou, which in turn tweeted to swaraj seeking her intervention.
the authorities at the indira gandhi national open university (ignou) said their norms for admission to foreign students dont permit them to take in the cousins.
ignou denies admission to pakistani hindu refugee students for want of student visa.
please help @sushmaswaraj, education activist ashok aggarwal tweeted.
kawesh, who came to delhi in january, has completed his schooling from board of intermediate and secondary education bs sukker, sindh, pakistan.
wikeesh has passed out from board of intermediate and secondary education, hyderabad, sindh, pakistan and has been living here since 2015.
we want to take admission in the ignou but they refused because we do not have a students visa.
we came here with our family on a visiting visa and since we dont want to go back we apply for extension every time.
in pakistan also we faced many problems and now here we are facing problems with our admission, kawesh said.
when contacted, a senior ignou official said, as per the norms, international students residing in india can pursue ignou programs for which they need to submit their admission forms along with a copy of valid study visa for the minimum duration of the programme.
a no-objection certificate from the embassy concerned in india regarding study in ignou is also needed, the official added.
b'kerala chief minister oommen chandy.
(express photo by ravi kanojia) kerala chief minister oommen chandy.
(express photo by ravi kanojia)kerala cm oommen chandy friday called the bjp governments decision to merge the overseas indian affairs ministry with the external affairs ministry an insult to the whole nri community and wrote to pm narendra modi voicing his objection to the move.
chandy also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and conveyed his views.
he asked the centre to withdraw the abrupt decision.
the nri community is feeling let down by the governments decision a separate ministry for overseas indians is a must to address their concerns, he told the indian express.
he said the external affairs ministry may be able to intervene in issues effectively, but given the size of the expat community, there is a chance that a ministry that has to deal with foreign policy challenges will not even get to know about a problem that crops up.
i am really shocked to hear the news about the abrupt decision to merge the overseas indian affairs ministry with the external affairs ministry without any consultation or proper analysis.
we cannot ignore the contribution of non resident indians in indias development and in spreading indian culture and heritage.
this decision is an insult to the whole nri community, chandy has said in his letter to modi.
he said the ministry of overseas indian affairs had taken proactive measures for indians abroad.
around 16 lakh keralites reside abroad, of which a large chunk is in the west asian countries.
the ministry succeeded in amending the rules for providing voting rights to overseas indians, extending dual citizenship to them by issuing oci cards, implementing insurance and pension schemes and controlling the recruiting agencies effectively.
the ministry has intervened effectively during crisis situations in yemen, libya and iraq and also helped migrant workers secure gainful employment through signing labour contract with the foreign governments, he said.
the decision of the government of india to merge the ministry of overseas indian affairs with the ministry of external affairs will adversely affect the interest of the overseas indians i request you to kindly reconsider this and withdraw the decision, he said.
b'prime minister narendra modi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) prime minister narendra modi (express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)keeping an eye on the 2019 lok sabha elections, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday urged chief ministers of the bjp-ruled states to expedite implementation of the welfare schemes and work hard to take his governments flagship programmes to the masses.
the prime minister, who addressed the chief ministers and deputy chief ministers of the 14 bjp-ruled states, also took up the issue of holding simultaneous elections  an idea he has been promoting vigorously  at the meeting.
party president amit shah assessed the bjps organisational strength and preparedness for the upcoming elections in the states and the lok sabha election.
it was decided to create public awareness about the benefits of simultaneous elections and the negative impact of frequent elections, chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh told reporters after the meeting held at the bjps newly built headquarters here.
modi, as well as his party leaders, have been advocating simultaneous lok sabha and assembly elections, saying that it will help the government carry out developmental activities without impediments.
according to bjp leaders, the prime minister reiterated at the meeting that the idea of one-nation-one-election will also minimise scope for corruption and misutilisation of public funds.
singh told reporters that works done by different states were also discussed and deliberations were held on coordination between the centre and the states for effective implementation of the governments flagship health insurance scheme.
the scheme, promoted as namo care, is expected to be a major election plank for the ruling party in 2019.
the chief ministers were asked to submit the organisation works in their respective states and a report on the implementation of the welfare schemes.
all bjp chief ministers, barring goa chief minister manohar parrikar, and six deputy chief ministers were present at the meeting, which was also attended by top party leaders, including union ministers rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
with the us ending sanctions exemption to india for importing iran oil after may 1, iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif is reaching india late monday night and will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tuesday.
advertisingzarif is making the trip three weeks after president donald trump decided to squeeze iran, announcing that the us will no longer grant sanctions exemption to irans oil customers.
the end of the waiver means india cannot import oil from iran, or else its state-owned or private entities will face us sanctions.
according to the ministry of external affairs, zarif is scheduled to meet swaraj tuesday morning.
zarif was in turkmenistan on sunday and monday.
the two sides are likely to discuss the impact of the us decision and how to deal with it.
advertisingzarif and swaraj are also likely to discuss the future of the chabahar port project because the trump administration has assured that exemption on chabahar will continue.
express editorial | iran-us conflict may become a costly showdownsources told the indian express that the iranian oil import issue was flagged during us commerce secretary wilbur rosss visit last week, but there hasnt been any sign of flexibility from the us side.
sources said that zarif is going to brief swaraj on the impact of the withdrawal of the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), and its short-term and long-term consequences.
this is zarifs second visit in 2019, as he had come to india in january this year, and had met the indian leadership.
the us policy towards iran, which involved withdrawal from the jcpoa, was announced in may 2018, and all countries were given six months till november to bring down oil imports to zero.
president trump abandoned the landmark deal between p-5+1 countries and iran, which was criticised and opposed by the remaining signatories to the pact  uk, france, germany, china and russia, and iran.
in november, washington gave a six-month waiver to eight countries, including india, to bring down oil imports to zero.
early april, washington conveyed to delhi that it has stood by india on the issue of terrorism after the pulwama attack and expects reciprocity, when it comes to trump administrations commitment to disrupt tehrans terror network.
the us led the move at the united nations security council to list jaish-e-mohammad chief masood azhar as a global terrorist, and had got an assurance from the indian government on this issue during the complex web of give-and-take that led to his listing on may 1.
india, which is the second biggest buyer of iranian oil after china, was pushed by the us to restrict its monthly purchase to 1.
25 million tonne or 15 million tonne in a year (300,000 barrel per day), down from 22.
6 million tonne (452,000 barrel per day) bought in financial year 2017-18, according to sources.
while india had pushed back last year during the indo-us 2+2 talks, citing adverse impact on its economy and the inflationary fallout it would have, its response was somewhat muted after the trump administration decided last month to end the waiver.
after the april 22 announcement, new delhi had said it was adequately prepared to deal with the impact of the us decision to end waiver.
the official spokesperson for ministry of external affairs, raveesh kumar, had said the government will continue to work with partner nations, including with the us, to find all possible ways to protect indias energy and economic security interests.
the government has noted the announcement by the us government to discontinue the significant reduction exemption to all purchasers of crude oil from iran, he had said.
we are adequately prepared to deal with the impact of this decision.
india has maintained that it will take a decision keeping in mind the commercial consideration, energy security and economic security of the country.
advertisingindia is the worlds third-largest consumer of oil, with 85 per cent of its crude oil and 34 per cent of its natural gas requirements being fulfilled by imports.
in 2016, india imported 215 million tonnes of crude oil and at 13 per cent, iran stood third among indias biggest oil suppliers, after saudi arabia and iraq at 18 per cent each.
sitharamans elevation is critical for another reason  finally, the defence ministry will have a full-time minister.
(file) sitharamans elevation is critical for another reason  finally, the defence ministry will have a full-time minister.
(file)the third reshuffle of prime minister narendra modis ministry is remarkable for the signal it sends of a younger generation of leaders in the party climbing into the spotlight.
it may well be true that power in the bjp is centralised as never before in a high command of two  pm modi and party president amit shah.
yet, at the same time, sundays remaking of the ministry would appear to have put in higher places a set of leaders belonging to a bjp moving on from its foundational atal-advani era  they include dharmendra pradhan, who gets charge of skill development alongside petroleum, piyush goyal, who now heads the crucial railway ministry along with coal and nirmala sitharaman, who becomes the union defence minister and enters the cabinet committee on security (ccs).
the elevation of sitharaman is a particularly resonant moment.
a relative newcomer to the party and government is being trusted with a heavyweight portfolio.
there is a powerful symbolism, too, about the country getting only its second woman defence minister and in sitharaman now taking her place in the overwhelmingly male environs of the ccs along with her colleague sushmaswaraj swaraj.
sitharamans elevation is critical for another reason  finally, the defence ministry will have a full-time minister.
ever since manohar parrikar left the ministry to go back to goa, it has not got the attention it deserves, especially in a time of formidable internal and external security challenges.
indias borders continue to be uneasy  the prolonged doklam stand-off has been resolved but it has left behind a heightened awareness of the dangers and dilemmas of engaging an increasingly ambitious china in a changing world order.
pakistan, roiled by internal turmoil, continues to throw up difficult choices and conundrums for delhi and the new defence minister must also hit the ground running on threats posed by terror groups and the renewed unrest in kashmir.
with the modi government in its fourth year, the elevation of the minister for minority affairs, mukhtar abbas naqvi, to cabinet rank is significant, too  what he does with his enhanced stature will be carefully watched, given that an abiding criticism of the modi government so far has been its perceived encouragement of a majoritarian culture and inattention to minority insecurities and concerns.
in the remaining time before the 2019 general elections, this reshuffle, while nodding to caste and regional considerations, has also opened up the ministry to outsiders to mainstream politics  of the nine additions to the ministry, four are senior civil servants who joined the bjp.
k.j. alphons, r.k. singh, satya pal singh and hardeep singh puri are interesting choices for ministers and they will now have to prove that they were wise choices as well.
finally, the attempt in sundays reshuffle to institute the performance criterion is welcome.
while the message is mixed for suresh prabhu, who has been divested of the railways but shifted to commerce and industry, the dropping of ministers looking after crucial portfolios like skill development, micro, small and medium enterprises and labour, and the induction of new people in their place, will be watched for the change, or lack of it, in these ministries.
the dawn report said the three suspects were residents of taroti village in abbaspur in pok.
(source: ap) the dawn report said the three suspects were residents of taroti village in abbaspur in pok.
(source: ap)police in pakistan-occupied kashmir claimed on saturday that they have arrested three suspected research and analysis wing (r&aw) agents for their alleged involvement in anti-state activities, as reported by pakistans news agency dawn.
the suspects, who were masked, were produced before the media during a briefing in rawalkot.
the report said the three suspects were residents of taroti village in abbaspur in pok.
deputy superintendent of police in pooch sajid imran said one of the main suspects, khalil, had visited kashmir in november 2014, where he apparently came in contact with r&aw officials, says the report.
the police officer also added that the three suspects were involved in a bomb blast outside a police station in abbaspur in september.
they allegedly planted the planted an improvised explosive device (ied).
read: kulbhushan jadhav death sentence: india cancels maritime talks with pakistan amid tensionshe further claimed, according to the report, that khalil was offered rs 500,000 for the task, adding that the police were alerted to their involvement in the blast after an individual said he spotted the trio in abbaspur on the night of september 26 with a shopping bag in their possession.
the suspects have been booked under the anti-terrorism act (ata) and explosives act, imran said.
this development follows the sentencing of former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav earlier this week.
jadhav was sentenced to death by pakistan military court for alleged espionage charges and his involvement in various anti-state activities.
in retaliation to the judgment, india issued a strongly-worded demarche to pakistan saying if it goes ahead with the execution it will be termed as premeditated murder, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj adding that the verdict could adversely impact relations between the two nations.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is known to be active on twitter and swift in offering help to indians abroad (express photo/prem nath pandey/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is known to be active on twitter and swift in offering help to indians abroad (express photo/prem nath pandey/file)a man in the philippines who sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday changed his profile details after the minister called him out for referring to jammu and kashmir as indian-occupied kashmir.
the user, who is pursuing a medical course abroad, reached out to swaraj to issue him a new passport to return to india for a medical checkup after his passport was damaged.
the user, whose tweet has been deleted since and profile updated, cannot be verified by indianexpress.com.
according to reports, the user tweeted, i am from j&k doing medicine course here in philippines my passport got damaged i applied for new one 1 month ago i request u pls help me to get it as i literally need to go home for medical checkup.
swaraj responded to the user, if you are from j&k state, we will definitely help you.
but your profile says you are from indian occupied kashmir.
there is no place like that.
hours after this tweet, she addressed the user again, i am happy you have corrected the profile.
she directed officials at the indian embassy in the philippines to help him.
1.
@sateeq019  i am happy you have corrected the profile.
2.
jaideep  he is an indian national from j&k.
pls help him.
@indembmanila http://t.
co/rarqxiqon3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 10, 2018swaraj is known to be active on twitter and swift in offering help to indians abroad.
in several instances in the past, the external affairs minister has used the social media platform to connect those in distress with the appropriate authorities.
b'pathankot terror attack: pakistan pm nawaz sharif has already said that a transparent investigation will be made and those involved will not be spared.
pathankot terror attack: pakistan pm nawaz sharif has already said that a transparent investigation will be made and those involved will not be spared.
with national security advisor ajit k doval leaving for paris late monday night and foreign secretary s jaishankar in male, new delhi is likely to take a political call on the proposed foreign secretary-level talks with pakistan in the next 48 hours, government sources said.
there is a possibility of the talks being postponed by a few days or, at most, a few weeks, a source added.
meanwhile, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif ordered the formation of a high-profile joint investigation team (jit) to get more information about the pathankot airbase attackers, a media report said monday.
watch video: pathankot attack  the rise of jaish-e-muhammadpakistani authorities also carried out raids in in gujranwala, jhelum and bahawalpur districts, during which an unspecified number of people were arrested, intelligence officials said.
the raids, sources said, were seen as positive signs by the indian establishment.
read also: parrikar on pathankot attack response: how, when, where is our choicehowever, reports in the pakistani media claiming that phone numbers used by pakistani handlers were unregistered were met with disbelief in new delhi.
according to our information, pakistans telecom rules do not allow phone numbers to be activated till biometrics are captured.
how is it possible that the numbers are unregistered?
said a source.
share this article related article pak probe team in india on march 27, pm modi and nawaz sharif may meet in uspak probe team in india on march 27, pm modi and nawaz sharif may meet in us after pathankot, us said yes to headley depositionafter pathankot, us said yes to headley deposition will complete pathankot attack probe, find out if pak soil was used: nawaz sharifwill complete pathankot attack probe, find out if pak soil was used: nawaz sharif nawaz sharif calls meeting, says sit may go to pathankotnawaz sharif calls meeting, says sit may go to pathankot no reason to distrust pakistan so early: rajnath singh on pathankot probeno reason to distrust pakistan so early: rajnath singh on pathankot probe pakistan pm nawaz sharif orders joint investigation team for pathankot attack probegovernment sources said the assessment of the action being taken by pakistan will be done by the security establishment  under nsas watch  before a call is taken on whether or not jaishankar travels to islamabad on january 15.
the leads were shared by the nsa and the security agencies are best equipped to assess the progress made by the pakistans establishment in their investigations.
so, by wednesday, a call will be taken on the foreign secretary-level talks, said a source.
doval is going to france as part of preparations ahead of french president francois hollandes visit to india for the republic day celebrations.
jaishankar went to maldives on monday and will be headed to colombo on tuesday, before returning to delhi on wednesday.
it is likely that there will be a conference call between top officials and the political leadership on tuesday or wednesday to decide on the future course of action, an official tasked with preparatory work for the foreign secretary-level talks told the indian express.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, meanwhile, met home minister rajnath singh monday afternoon  a meeting described by officials as routine.
in islamabad, the decision to form the jit, comprising officials from the intelligence bureau, inter-services intelligence and military intelligence, was taken at a high-level meeting chaired by sharif recently, pakistani newspaper the express tribune said.
sharif is taking an active role in getting to the bottom of the pathankot incident, a source from the prime ministers house was quoted as saying by the paper.
he also discussed the issue with army chief gen raheel sharif and took him on board about the decision to form a jit, the source added.
this investigation will be a major test of the prime minister to move pakistan-india relationship forward and to break the cycle of off-again on-again talks between the two neighbours, the source said.
for now, saudi arabia, uae, egypt and bahrain are on one side, while qatar and iran are on the other side of the divide.
(source: reuters) for now, saudi arabia, uae, egypt and bahrain are on one side, while qatar and iran are on the other side of the divide.
(source: reuters)with an angry saudi arabia, along with some other gulf countries, cutting off ties with qatar on monday over alleged support to islamists and iran, the regional power play in west asia has put india in a spot.
with 7 million indians in the gulf (6 lakh in qatar), india now has to navigate the faultlines in the region.
sources told the indian express that if the situation worsens, both ministers of state in the ministry of external affairs, general (retired) v k singh and m j akbar, could be despatched with the interlocutors to these countries.
hours after the diplomatic row broke out, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj underlined delhis non-interfering position and played down its impact on india, saying that india has good ties with all regional rivals, saudi arabia and iran.
when prime minister narendra modi came to power, many thought that the west asian region would not be our priority since they comprise muslim-majority countries.
but today, if there is one region where india has best relations, it is the west asian region, she said.
we are trying to assess who and how many are stuck in the middle, and then we will move, she said.
while delhi does not want to interfere, she said it will not impact indias relations with these countries.
for now, saudi arabia, uae, egypt and bahrain are on one side, while qatar and iran are on the other side of the divide.
although it has deftly engaged the regional players over the last three years, it will be interesting to watch how the modi government will respond to the challenges posed by the warring countries.
over the last three years, modi has visited uae, saudi arabia, iran and qatar, while uaes crown prince visited india as the chief guest for the republic day celebrations this year.
modi hosted the palestinian president last month, and is headed to israel early next month.
this has meant closer strategic ties between india and these west asian countries, which have traditionally been closer to pakistan.
in recent years, the enhanced counter-terrorism cooperation with saudi arabia and uae, in particular, has yielded rich dividends, as all of them have been able to intercept and send back people with links to the islamic state.
saudi and the uae were among the few countries which recognised the taliban government in afghanistan in the 1990s, qatar had facilitated talks with taliban by allowing them to open an office in doha.
as indias strategic and security interests are intertwined with its relations with these west asian countries, it will be difficult for india to choose sides.
also, indias energy dependence on west asia is very high  estimates suggest india depends on gulf countries for almost half of its energy needs  both in oil and gas sector.
a turmoil in the gulf, as was witnessed during the gulf war, arab spring, war in yemen, libya crisis, has always had the tendency to adversely impact the flow of energy from the region to india.
an immediate issue which india will face will be the movement of workers in the region, as qatar airways will find itself isolated after the saudi-led alliances decision to impose a travel ban.
many indians use qatar airways  estimates suggest about 24,000 per week  to travel to doha and other places in the region.
this will be a big challenge for the indian government to navigate, sources said.
and, if indian workers in the region, who send remittances worth over us$ 60 billion, are caught in the crossfire, the image of the modi government  which takes pride in rescuing indians in distress (swaraj put the figure at 80,000 in the last three years)  will be severely hit.
the external affairs minister has already tasked all indian ambassadors in the region to get a sense of how many indians may be affected and stranded due to the current diplomatic standoff in the region.
once that assessment is done, we will send officials and, if need be, will send general singh and minister akbar for rescue missions, a top government source told the indian express.
b'pm modi with president xi in qingdao, china, saturday.
(pti photo) pm modi with president xi in qingdao, china, saturday.
(pti photo)in their 14th meeting in four years, prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday carried forward the wuhan spirit and decided to strengthen communication between the militaries of the two countries.
this comes six weeks after they had decided in wuhan, at an informal summit, to issue strategic guidance to the militaries to avoid another doklam-type situation.
xi also accepted an invite from modi at their hour-long meeting, on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in qingdao, to visit india for an informal summit in 2019.
later this year, the chinese defence minister will visit india, while national security advisor ajit doval will travel to china for the special representative-level border talks.
counter-terrorism cooperation will get a boost with the visit of chinas public security minister announced for later this year.
apart from this, the two sides formally agreed to undertake a joint project in afghanistan, pertaining to capacity building.
this had been hinted at after the wuhan meeting.
two bilateral agreements were signed at qingdao by the indian and chinese sides.
after a year of strained ties, when beijing did not share hydrological data on the brahmaputra river, a pact was reached to share the hydrological data in 2018.
the brahmaputra originates from tibet and flows into arunachal pradesh and assam.
the pact will lead to regular data sharing between may 15 and october 15.
india can use the data to prepare for floods in the northeast.
on the trade front, new delhi agreed to the chinese presidents request to allow opening of a bank of china branch in mumbai, while china said it will let indian pharmaceutical companies register for high-quality pharma products in the chinese market and to allow india to export non-basmati rice to china.
beijing had earlier denied access to non-basmati rice saying it failed to meet its norms.
india is the worlds largest rice exporter but sends only a minuscule proportion to china, which imports nearly five million tonnes annually for domestic consumption.
addressing the press, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said, the chinese side has accepted the prime ministers invitation to president xi jinping to have an informal summit in india in 2019.
the dates will be worked out.
about saturdays meeting, he said, it was a substantive meeting and both leaders began by making a very positive assessment of the wuhan summit.
president xi said that it was a very successful summit and the discussions with agenda in a relaxed setting had allowed both leaders to discuss a number of issues.
he stated that it was a new starting point in our bilateral relationship.
modi is also said that have acknowledged the wuhan summit as a milestone in relationship, one which would help develop mutual understanding and trust and take the relationship forward.
in a tweet after the meeting, the pm said, met this years sco host, president xi jinping this evening.
we had detailed discussions on bilateral and global issues.
our talks will add further vigour to the india-china friendship.
the two leaders also spoke about ensuring greater people-to-people contact, with xi talking about the popularity of indian films like dangal, bahubaali and hindi medium in china.
in that context a new people-to-people mechanism will be set up, headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the indian side and by state councillor and foreign minister wang yi.
their first meeting will be held this year, gokhale said.
in his remarks, xi recalled the meeting with modi in wuhan, how well it had been received, and said a positive atmosphere was taking shape to support china-india relations.
china is willing to work with india to see the wuhan meeting as a new starting point and to cooperate so as to push ties in a faster and steadier manner, xi was quoted as saying by chinas state-run xinhua news agency.
modi and xi are again expected to meet next month during the brics summit in south africa.
at qingdao, the pm also met the sco general secretary, rashid alimov, and participated in delegation-level talks with other members of the organisation, on the sidelines of the summit.
he held bilateral meetings with the presidents of uzbekistan and tajikistan.
the sco summit is scheduled to take place on sunday, and counter-terrorism and security in the region are expected to dominate the discussions.
the sco member countries are also expected to arrive at a decision on counter-terrorism military exercises, which will mean that indian and pakistans militaries will participate in joint exercises.
this is indias first participation in the summit as a full-time member of the organisation.
india, along with pakistan, became full-time members at the summit in kazakhstan in june 2017.
b'security forces at the retirement home in aden, friday.
(ap photo) security forces at the retirement home in aden, friday.
(ap photo)an indian nun was among 16 people killed friday in the yemeni port city of aden by a group of armed men who stormed an old-age home run by kolkata-based missionaries of charity.
officials initially said that four indian nuns had been killed in the attack and that they were trying to ascertain their identities.
late friday night, they confirmed that of the four nuns killed, only one  cecilia minj  was indian.
the attack prompted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to issue an appeal on twitter for all indians in such danger zones to please come back to india.
earlier, swaraj tweeted: yemen  four indian nurses have been killed in a terrorist attack today.
i am sorry the nurses stayed back/returned ignoring our advisories.
missionaries of charity, however, identified those killed as sister m anselm (57) from jharkhand, sister m marguerite (44) from rwanda, sister m judith (41) from kenya and sister m reginette (32) from rwanda.
in a statement, it added that sister m sally, the superior of the community, and father tommy adb from bengaluru, had gone missing after the incident.
sources told the indian express that according to information received from the indian embassys camp office in neighbouring djibouti, the attackers, numbering between two and four, asked the guard to open the gate on the pretext of visiting their mothers.
on entering, they shot dead the gatekeeper and started shooting randomly at the inmates, indian officials informed the ministry of external affairs (mea).
officials told mea that the attack on the old-age home in sheikh othman district took place at around 1230 hours.
the assailants escaped soon after the attack.
the area has been cordoned off and police are investigating the incident, officials said.
in new delhi, mea spokesperson vikas swarup said, we are trying to ascertain the details.
the statement by the missionaries of charity said that the men were dressed in a bluish uniform and armed with guns.
they entered when the sisters were serving breakfast in the home.
realising the danger, four of the five sisters ran for safety towards the convent and were shot down in the open area, it said.
the gunmen entered all rooms and destroyed the tabernacle, statues and the crucifix in the chapel, it said.
they must have been demented.
they cannot be normal people.
there is no other explanation as to why armed people would enter the premises of the home and shoot down innocent, harmless nurses who had dedicated their lives to serving others.
i was stunned when i heard about it.
it was shocking, said missionaries of charity spokesperson, sunita kumar, adding that the organisation would hold special prayers.
the indian embassy in yemens capital sanaa was closed last year after civil war broke out, with all its functions being carried out from a camp office in djibouti, across the red sea.
but even this office is now in the process of being shifted to new delhi.
an ap report, which quoted witnesses and officials, said two gunmen surrounded the home while four more entered the building.
they said the gunmen moved from room to room, handcuffing the victims before shooting them in the head.
according to that report, one nun who was rescued by locals said that she hid inside a fridge in a storeroom after hearing a yemeni guard shouting run, run.
while some reports said the victims were handcuffed before they were shot in the head, officials could not verify that version.
there are at least 80 residents living at the home, which is run by missionaries of charity, an organisation established by mother teresa.
ap adds: yemens civil war has split the country in two, with the northern region, where shiite houthi rebels are in control, hit by an extensive air campaign by a saudi-led coalition.
the southern region, which is controlled by the internationally-recognised government backed by saudi arabia, is suffering from a power and security vacuum.
aden descended into lawlessness last summer after the saudi-led coalition recaptured the city from rebels.
the islamic state and yemens al-qaida affiliate have exploited the lawlessness and created safe havens in the south.
al-qaida controls several southern cities while is has claimed responsibility for a wave of deadly attacks in aden, including a suicide bombing that killed the citys governor and several assassination attempts on top officials.
b'according to namo apps description, it brings to you the latest information, instant updates & helps you contribute towards various tasks.
it provides a unique opportunity to receive messages and emails directly from the prime minister.
according to namo apps description, it brings to you the latest information, instant updates & helps you contribute towards various tasks.
it provides a unique opportunity to receive messages and emails directly from the prime minister.
the bjps online showcase for prime minister narendra modi, the namo app, which is under the spotlight in the wake of the debate over data privacy in social media, asks users to provide access to as many as 22 personal features on their devices, including location, photographs and contacts, microphone and camera.
a comparative analysis by the indian express shows that this is more than what the official app of the prime ministers office, pmo india app, asks users to volunteer  access to 14 data points.
the ministry of electronics & information technologys citizen-engagement app, mygov app, asks for permission to access nine data points.
amazon indias app needs 17 permissions on various counts from users.
paytms app demands access to 26 data points, and delhi polices app asks for access to 25 tracks but they provide a wider range of services.
the namo app updates users about achievements of the bjp government, and provides access to the audio of prime ministers mann ki baat.
on saturday, the user of twitter handle @fs0c131y, described on the account as a french security expert and who identified himself to the indian express as robert baptiste, said the app may be providing personal user data to a third party without the users consent.
he identified the company as us-based clever tap.
read | narendra modi android app sharing personal info of users without consent: researchera day after these claims, the privacy policy at narendramodi.
in  the website associated with the namo app  was updated to state that certain user information may be shared with third party services to offer a better user experience, most contextual content and updates.
the information shared with third parties included, it says, name, email, mobile phone number, device information, location and network carrier.
read | rahul gandhi slams pm modi for namodata theft, bjp says he has zero tech knowledgethe policy earlier stated: your personal information and contact details shall remain confidential and shall not be used for any purpose other than our communication with you.
the information shall not be provided to third parties in any manner whatsoever without your consent.
when contacted by the indian express for comment, the bjp it cell chief amit malviya did not respond to a specific question on whether this information was shared with a third party without the users consent.
read | union minister alphons kj dismisses narendra modi app data leak allegations as fake storiesresponding to a detailed questionnaire sent saturday, malviya said sunday that data from the app is shared with a third party service for analytics, similar to google analytics.
the data in no way is stored or used by the third party services.
analytics and processing on the user data is done for offering users the most contextual content it also enables a unique, personalised experience according to a persons interests, he said.
described on playstore as the official app of prime minister narendra modi, the namo app mentions bharatiya janata party, 11 ashoka road, new delhi-110001, which used to be bjp headquarters till early last month, as the address of the developer.
other political parties, too, use apps to connect to the electorate.
the congress partys with inc app demands access to ten data tracks.
the sp app published by anil yadav, who describes himself as media spokesperson, samajwadi party on his verified twitter account, requires three data access points.
the namo app is promoted through official government channels.
exam warriors, modis recently launched book aimed at the students preparing for the annual school exams, encourages readers to download the namo app.
the book was launched by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister for human resource development prakash javadekar in english, and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath in hindi.
on march 23, the indian express reported that personal data of nearly 13 lakh ncc cadets was being collected so that the prime minister could interact with them.
in a letter sent on february 23, the director general of ncc told state directorates that the collection of data will facilitate this interaction by downloading narendra modi app in the cell phones of the cadets.
read | for chat with pm modi, ncc collects mobile, email ids of 13 lakh cadetsaccording to namo apps description, it brings to you the latest information, instant updates & helps you contribute towards various tasks.
it provides a unique opportunity to receive messages and emails directly from the prime minister.
under details, the app specifies that no permission is compulsory on the nm app and has the facility that the user can disable the access for these permissions in settings.
however, when it is downloaded, most of the permissions are given by default.
it also mentions that the app can be accessed without registering with an email address or phone.
according to the supreme courts ruling on privacy in august 2017, informed consent is important for data protection and data privacy.
the fact that permissions for the namo app are not compulsory can only be found if one goes through the read more section of the app  users are not informed of it when downloading the app.
malviya said, each function asks for the specific permission when access is required.
the app does not ask for blanket permissions when the app is started.
when the app is downloaded, it asks for access to the media stored on the phone, which can be denied.
it does allow use of the app without registering, but a lot of the apps features do not function in guest mode, or without allowing all the permissions sought.
malviya said that unlike most apps the namo app allows users access in guest mode without any permission or data.
the permissions required for the app, he added, are all contextual and cause-specific.
on saturday, baptiste had tweeted: when you create a profile in the official @narendramodi #android app, all your device info (os, network type, carrier .
) and personal data (email, photo, gender, name, .
) are send without your consent to a third-party domain called http://in.
wzrkt.com.
baptiste said that wzrkt.com was a property of a company named clever tap.
actually, clever tap is a company owned by wizrocket, which is a data analytics start-up founded in mumbai in may 2013, and is now headquartered in california.
on its website, clever tap mentions that it helps organisations analyse data for stronger engagement with their users.
it helps its clients, it says on its website under user segmentation to influence app users behaviour by uncovering key insights across various dimensions.
the namo app does not have any specific option of users consenting to their data being shared with clever tap.
speaking to the indian express, baptiste said, the main issue is that personal information of users is shared without the consent of the user with a third-party company.
these data can be used for a lot of things after that (sic), he said.
like they did for cambridge analytica for example.
he was referring to the uk-based political consultancy cambridge analytica, which is at the centre of a worldwide storm over its role in illegally using private information of facebook users to influence election campaigns.
baptiste said the namo app does not share all the data that it has access to on users phones with clever tap, but only information gathered at the time of registration.
it means though the app continues to hold access to photographs, location, microphone, camera, identity, contacts, etc.
, it only shares information like the mobile operating system, telecom carrier, email, gender, name and photograph used for app registration.
in his response, malviya said the app provides a platform for millions of his fans and party cadre to connect directly with the prime minister.
calling it one of its kind, he said the app enables unprecedented engagement and interactivity, and is way different from apps of other parties and their leaders, which are one-way flow.
he mentioned various path-breaking engagement activities, including the exam warrior module, of the app.
regarding baptistes claims, malviya said the user was only sharing his or her own data.
this is not a security breach.
the person does not have access to any data apart from his own data, he said.
what the rest ask forpmo india: set wallpapermygov: read/receive smsamazon india app: connect/disconnect from wifi, install shortcuts,read/receive smspaytm: connect/disconnect from wifi, install shortcuts, read sync settings, toggle sync on & off, run at startup, read calendar events/confidential information, add/modify calendar events and send emails to guests without user knowledge, read/receive/send smsindian express news app: control vibration, run at startupdelhi police app: modify your contacts, access extra location provider commands, access approx.
location (network-based), read call log, reroute outgoing calls, android permission: write_sms, run at startup etccommon user cases: photo sharing, qr/barcode scan, social media; phone caller social network; maps and navigation; location-based services like cab booking, local delivery.
us secretary of state john kerry with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: express photo by renuka puri) us secretary of state john kerry with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: express photo by renuka puri)the united states has asked india not to escalate the situation with pakistan even as new delhi explores a range of diplomatic options to isolate islamabad.
the indian express has learnt that us secretary of state john kerry has had two conversations over the last two days with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on this issue.
swaraj was in new york for the united nations general assembly where she made a speech monday, targeting pakistan.
watch video: india carries out surgical strikes on terror launch pads across loc, says dgmothis is the first time that the us has spoken to the indian leadership at a senior political level after the uri attack, sources said.
although it is poll season in the us, the state department is keeping a close eye on developments in the subcontinent.
these conversations, sources said, happened in the backdrop of india and pakistan raising the temperature over the last two days.
after a review of the implementation of the indus waters treaty on monday, india decided to pull out of the saarc summit in islamabad in november.
and on thursday, new delhi is to review the most favoured nation status to pakistan.
watch video: uri attack: john kerry spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj twice over 2 dayswhile the us is watching the diplomatic, political and economic responses by new delhi very carefully, sources said there is appreciation that the indian side has acted with a lot of restraint following the uri attack.
after pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif met kerry last week, us state department deputy spokesperson mark toner said: weve seen some progress; we want to see more, and i think moving forward well just continue to work closely and try to encourage greater counter-terrorism cooperation with pakistan but also within the region.
state department spokesperson john kirby stated later that kerry reiterated the need for pakistan to prevent all terrorists from using pakistani territory as safe havens, while commending recent efforts by pakistani security forces to counter extremist violence.
a readout of the meeting issued by the pakistan embassy in new york revealed that sharif had requested the us administration and secretary kerry to use his good offices to help in resolving bilateral issues between pakistan and india.
kerry met sharif on the sidelines of the unga.
on wednesday, toner said: what we have said many times from the podium is that we want to see closer and normalisation of relationship between india and pakistan.
it would benefit the region.
we want to see de-escalation in the political discourse between the two countries and greater communication and coordination between them.
toner said.
the state department refrained from commenting on indias decision to pull out of the saarc summit.
i would refer you to the government of india to comment on their decision not to attend this meeting, toner said.
meanwhile, white house press secretary josh earnest said the us had continued to encourage india and pakistan to find ways to resolve their differences, not through violence, but through diplomacy.
indian high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria said all care would be taken to repatriate jetindaera back to amritsar, from where officials of the ministry of external affairs and the punjab government will send him home.
indian high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria said all care would be taken to repatriate jetindaera back to amritsar, from where officials of the ministry of external affairs and the punjab government will send him home.
five years after he inadvertently crossed over to pakistan, across the rajasthan desert into sindh in search of water, jetindaera arjanwara will be sent home may 4.
a patient of sickle cell anaemia, a blood disorder that requires regular blood transfusion to stay alive, 21-year-old jetindaera will be taken from malir jail in karachi to wagah border, indian high commission officials in islamabad told the indian express.
officials will provide him an emergency passport, enabling him to cross back into india.
indians returning from pakistan usually spend hours being debriefed by indian intelligence agencies, but in jetindaeras case, because he is so unwell, it is still unclear whether the red cross will be allowed to take charge and have him screened for treatment.
indian high commissioner to pakistan ajay bisaria said all care would be taken to repatriate jetindaera back to amritsar, from where officials of the ministry of external affairs and the punjab government will send him home.
this new element of positivity is very welcome.
both countries are already working on repatriating prisoners in each others countries, especially those who are ill or mentally unstable.
we have formed doctors teams and have now sought visas in this regard, bisaria said.
jetindaeras case comes close on the heels of 23-year-old dalwinder singh being handed back to the bsf on sunday, after he had inadvertently crossed over last march at kasurs ballanwala village on the other side of the border.
he served his year-long sentence and was sent back by pakistan over the weekend.
jetindaera was not so lucky.
he was picked up in 2013 and taken to hyderabad juvenile jail in pakistans sindh province.
soon after he had completed the customary jail sentence a year later, jail officials brought him to the notice of barrister haya zahid who was inspecting sanitary conditions in provincial jails as part of a government-mandated committee.
hyderabad prison officials in 2014 brought jatin to the office where i was having tea and flagged the issue of him being a juvenile, zahid told this reporter on the phone.
they wanted him repatriated.
all i remember is that the boy kept staring at his feet, he never made eye contact.
he must have been 15-16 years old, she said.
for the next four years, through the highs and lows of the india-pakistan relationship, jetindaera became another statistic  one of 58 indian civil prisoners that pakistan says reside in its jails, forgotten by mostly everybody (india has 56 pakistani civil prisoners in its jail, the supreme court was recently told.
) until zahid, once again, spotted him in february 2018, on one of her many rounds, this time in malir jail in karachi.
i had gone to inspect the medical ward in malir jail when the medical officer on duty brought jetins case to my notice.
he explained that he had sickle cell anaemia, an uncommon blood disorder that causes red blood cells to break down which is what gives them their sickle shape.
they had run tests to figure out what it was and had been giving him blood transfusions just to keep him alive, zahid said.
i realised that it was always officials lower down in the hierarchy that highlighted his story and refused to let go, she said.
by now jetindaera was seriously ill.
doctors in malir jail insisted his condition be brought to the notice of the pakistani government as well as indian officials.
indian officials said the problem of repatriating prisoners in india and pakistan becomes especially complex because people look so much alike and speak similar languages.
the question of verification of nationality becomes more complicated because both nations and their bureaucracies hardly talk to each other.
so until an indian civil prisoners label in a pakistani jail is changed from believed to be indian to known to be indian, he cannot be sent back home.
that change must begin in the district where the person hails from  in jetindaeras case, seoni district in madhya pradesh  when the superintendent of police must send a report saying that the missing person in the pakistani jail is, indeed, the missing person in question.
soon after haya zahid brought back jetindaera into the human rights limelight in february, jatin desai of the pakistan-india peoples forum for peace & democracy (pipfpd) in march sent an rti request to the indian high commission in islamabad, which confirmed it had sought and had been granted consular access to the young man.
desai then sent a request to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as foreign secretary vijay gokhale, coordinating all the while with seoni sp tarun nayak, to expedite the youths return.
by early april, the indian high commission in pakistan confirmed that jetindaera was indian, not turkish.
they formally asked for his repatriation.
when pakistani activists met jetindaera, informing him that he may soon be going home, they found him to be extremely weak.
one of them told him that his father had passed away, another showed him a video clip of his mother, pleading that her son be brought back.
mujhe ghar bhej do, jetindaera told them.
earlier this evening, qalandar khan, section officer (india-ii) in the ministry of interior in islamabad sent a most immediate fax to the home secretary in karachi, saying that the government had decided to release/repatriate jetindaera arjanwara s/o ishura parshad, an indian prisoner (civil) on 4th may 2018.
b'an indian family living in us, whose two-and-a-half-month-old baby was put in foster care after he sustained head injuries, has appealed to the ministry of external affairs to help get him back.
the couple, ashish pareek and vidisha pareek, hail from jaipur and are living in jersey city, new jersey.
in a letter to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, ashish, a project manager with tata consultancy services said he had travelled to usa on august 10, 2015.
his wife, vidisha had delivered a boy, whom they named ashvid, on october 21.
however, on december 23, while they were getting ready to take the child to a paediatrician, he slipped from vidishas hands, sustaining injuries on his head.
according to ashish, the baby was rushed to a hospital.
he was first taken to the emergency unit of christ hospital and subsequently transferred to st. peters hospital, which involved the department of child protection and permanency (dacpp).
the dacpp suspected ashvid to be suffering from shaken baby syndrome (sbs)  a set of injuries in the head through which doctors may infer child abuse  and handed him to foster parents.
he was in the icu for a week but on the eighth day, when he was discharged, the authorities took him away, ashishs brother abhishek pareekh, who is in jaipur, told the indian express.
the family insists the fall was accidental.
since being taken into custody, ashvid is deprived of mothers milk and the parents are allowed to meet him for only a few hours a day, abhishek said.
on thursday, the couples relatives also met rajasthan home secretary sandeep verma, who assured them of taking the matter up with the union home ministry.
the couple has moved court in the us.
b'prime minister narendra modi (file photo) prime minister narendra modi (file photo)a proposed agreement with russia for setting up of two more units of kudankulam nuclear plant in tamil nadu remains in the realm of suspense ahead of prime minister narendra modis visit to that country a fortnight from now.
modi will be travelling to st petersburg on june 1 to attend the st petersburg international economic forum (spief).
on the sidelines, he is expected to have talks with russian president vladimir putin to review the state of bilateral relations and ways to push the ties further.
however, it is not clear whether the general framework agreement (gfa) for setting up of units 5 and 6 of the kudankulam nuclear power plant (knpp) will be signed during the prime ministers visit.
the gfa, which is the final pact before a project can commence, has been cleared by an inter-ministerial group and is with the prime ministers office (pmo) for its nod, a top government source said.
after its evaluation by the inter-ministerial group, the proposal has now been sent to the pmo and is awaiting its green signal, the source said.
the issue related to the gfa had figured in the talks between the two countries last week when russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin was here to prepare the ground for the bilateral meet between modi and putin.
rogozin had co-chaired an inter-governmental commission meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj where the two sides agreed to take forward collaborative projects in a range of sectors, including nuclear energy, and joint projects in third countries.
according to an october 2015 joint statement issued after a meeting between modi and putin, the two sides had reaffirmed their intention to conclude the gfa and the credit protocol for kudankulam nuclear power plant (kknpp) units 5 and 6 by the end of 2016.
government sources said the gfa between india and russia was to be signed by december last year but it has been pending because of disagreement between the two sides over credit protocol.
the delay also comes against the backdrop of concerns in india over russias growing proximity with pakistan.
india also wants russia to make more efforts to get it into the elite nuclear suppliers group (nsg).
a part of the kknpp project, units 5 and 6, with a capacity of 1000 mw each, are being built with russian collaboration.
unit 1 and 2 of the kknpp are already operational.
in august 2016, modi and putin jointly dedicated unit 2 of the plant to india-russia friendship and cooperation and witnessed the laying of foundation concrete for kknpp units 3 and 4 through video-link.
b'as india gets ready to welcome nepal prime minister khadga prasad oli for a three-day visit on april 6, it is keeping a watchful eye on the rest of the neighbourhood.
(picture for representational purpose) as india gets ready to welcome nepal prime minister khadga prasad oli for a three-day visit on april 6, it is keeping a watchful eye on the rest of the neighbourhood.
(picture for representational purpose)india has told china it will not intervene in the maldives and expects it to reciprocate this measure of strategic trust by not crossing certain lines of legitimacy even as the two countries size each other up in the aftermath of the doklam crisis last year when they faced off on the plateau.
the days when india believed that south asia was its primary sphere of influence and that it could prevent other powers, such as china, from expanding its own clout are long gone, a senior government official told the indian express.
india cannot claim sole proprietorship of the region.
we cant stop what the chinese are doing, whether in the maldives or in nepal, but we can tell them about our sensitivities, our lines of legitimacy.
if they cross it, the violation of this strategic trust will be upon beijing, the official said.
so as india gets ready to welcome nepal prime minister khadga prasad oli for a three-day visit on april 6, it is keeping a watchful eye on the rest of the neighbourhood.
despite some harsh words about india during his election campaign and his overtures to china, oli is making his first foreign trip to india  and delhi is taking some comfort on that score.
foreign secretary vijay gokhale is expected to travel to sri lanka and bangladesh soon.
sources said he will not go to the maldives, despite maldivian president abdulla yameens messages of peace.
but the senior government official pointed out that the doklam crisis is an opportunity for both india and china to re-evaluate each other, notwithstanding the widening economic differential between them.
embarking on a reset of its relationship with beijing in the run-up to the meeting in june between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) meeting  this includes tamping down of its public affection for the dalai lama as well as visits to beijing by defence minister nirmala sitharaman and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the coming weeks  it is clear that delhi expects beijing to reciprocate.
for example, india monday refrained from issuing a joint statement between the indian and chinese commerce ministers at the end of their 11th joint economic group (jeg) meeting, because the chinese side refused to seriously address indias massive $51-billion trade deficit with it.
officials said indian companies have been knocking on chinas doors at least for the last decade, but the chinese, for one reason or another, have refused access.
india has in this intervening decade exported billions of dollars of goods to the rest of the world, including the us.
there is surely something the chinese want to buy from us, one official said.
at the end of the jeg meeting, delhi issued its own statement in which commerce minister suresh prabhu exhorted his counterpart, zhong shan, to provide greater market access to farm produce such as rice, soybean and sugar, indias high quality pharmaceutical products, as well as export of (its) it and it-enabled services to china.
zhong, meanwhile, only promised to address the trade deficit, and laid out yet another roadmap on how this could be done.
the senior indian official maintained that china must recognise indian sensitivities, even as delhi acknowledged beijings rising power worldwide, especially in south asia.
on the maldives, for example, the unusual overture to china was made by none other than foreign secretary vijay gokhale during his trip to beijing in february, after the imposition of emergency on the island nation by president yameen and delhis own statement that all countries can play a positive role, instead of doing the opposite.
delhis decision not to militarily intervene against yameens emergency is said to be backed by the us and the european union, both of whom are believed to have left it to india to take a call on next steps.
but delhi seems content to ride out the political storm until at least september when general elections are slated there.
on beijing building new roads on the doklam plateau to short-circuit disputed bhutanese territory and come closer to india through the chumbi valley, the official didnt seem unusually concerned.
i dont think the chinese will attempt to change the status quo in this area again.
they have understood that this region is sensitive for us.
in any case, as long as what the chinese do doesnt prejudice the india-bhutan-china trijunction, it doesnt materially change anything, the official said.
minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj speaking in lok sabha in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti photo/tv grab) minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj speaking in lok sabha in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti photo/tv grab)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday issued a statement in both houses of parliament regarding the death sentence awarded to kulbhushan jadhav by a pakistani military court over alleged charges of spying.
swaraj warned the pakistani government that if the death sentence is carried out by them, it will be regarded as an act of pre-meditated murder and if they proceed on this matter there could well be consequences to the bilateral relations between the neighbouring countries.
following is the text of the external affairs ministers statement in rajya sabha:honble deputy chairman sir,1.
i rise to share my concern with the house regarding the report that an indian citizen, shri kulbhushan jadhav, has been awarded a death sentence by a pakistani military court martial on concocted charges, i repeat on concocted charges.
2.
i would like to inform the house that shri jadhav was doing business in iran and was kidnapped and taken to pakistan.
the exact circumstances are unclear and can only be ascertained if we have consular access to him.
accordingly, from the time his abduction was known, our high commission in islamabad has continuously pressed pakistani authorities for such access.
although this is provided for by international law and is deemed a norm in international relations, the government of pakistan did not permit it.
that itself should tell us much about the strength of the case against shri jadhav.
honble members would also recall that a senior pakistani leader has himself expressed doubts about the adequacy of evidence in this case.
3.
deputy chairman sir, earlier this year, the pakistan government sought our assistance to obtain evidence and other materials for the investigation process.
in doing so, they levelled ridiculous charges against senior indian officials who had no connection to this issue.
thereafter, they linked providing consular access to our acceptance of their position.
nevertheless, in the hope that some forward movement could be made, our response was constructive.
we pointed out that consular access to shri jadhav would be an essential pre-requisite in order to verify the facts and understand the circumstances of his presence in pakistan.
4.
given this exchange, it is extraordinary that yesterday, a decision is suddenly announced awarding a death sentence in this case when previous exchanges with india itself underlines the insufficiency of evidence.
to make matters even more absurd, three hours after the death sentence was announced, the indian high commission received an official communication from the foreign ministry of pakistan reiterating the pakistani proposal for conditional consular access.
that tells us a lot about the farcical nature of the alleged proceedings which have led to an indefensible verdict against an innocent kidnapped indian.
5.
our position on this matter is clear.
there is no evidence of wrongdoing by shri jadhav.
if anything, he is the victim of a plan that seeks to cast aspersions on india to deflect international attention from pakistans well-known record of sponsoring and supporting terrorism.
under these circumstances, we have no choice but to regard the sentence, if carried out, as an act of pre-meditated murder.
6.
deputy chairman sir, yesterday, foreign secretary conveyed our position to the high commissioner of pakistan.
let me state clearly that the government and people of india would view very seriously the possibility that an innocent indian citizen is facing death sentence in pakistan without due process and in violation of basic norms of law, justice and international relations.
i would caution the pakistan government to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter.
7.
deputy chairman sir, i would also like to tell the house that i have been in touch with the parents of shri jadhav and we are extending our fullest support to them in this difficult situation.
a strong sense of solidarity expressed by the house will give them more courage at this time.
b'bjp today said the supreme court decision quashing the appointment of p j thomas as the central vigilance commissioner has helped restore the dignity of the constitutional post and it was a historic verdict.
swaraj,who was part of the three-member panel headed by prime minister manmohan singh,had opposed the appointment of thomas as cvc and had given a dissent note.
union home minister p chidambaram was the other member.
bjp spokesperson ravishankar prasad said it was a historic day for the rule of law and that thomas was tainted from day one.
another bjp leader yashwant sinha said the prime minister should take full responsibility for the turn of events involving thomass appointment as cvc.
cpis d raja said the court decision was a big blow for the union government.
protests in patel chowk (representational image).
(source: ani) protests in patel chowk (representational image).
(source: ani)five people have been arrested by the police in uttar pradesh after an attack on nigerian students in greater noida.
the four nigerian students were attacked by a mob during a candle-light march for a 17-year-old boy who had died on saturday.
police have arrested five persons.
fir registered and action will be taken accordingly, daljit chaudhary, adg law and order was quoted as saying by news agency ani.
the locals alleged that the boy had died after the nigerians forced him to take drugs.
dharmendra singh, ssp gautam buddha nagar said: the protest had been taken out by residents of the area to demand the arrest of the five nigerians for the death of the class xii student.
a section of those gathered in the area, however, attacked some africans.
we have video recordings of the entire protest and attack.
around five people who could be seen attacking them have been picked up.
an fir is being registered and we are identifying those behind the incident.
we dont know why we were assaulted, the mob hit us with rods, bricks and knives: nigerian national who was attacked pic.
twitter.com/pan6v5ac3l  ani up (@aninewsup) march 28, 2017meanwhile, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also took cognizance of the matter and spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
i have spoken to adityanathji about (the) attack on african students in greater noida.
he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
sushma swaraj spoke to adityanath on tuesday morning after an african student, sadiq bello, tweeted her to act fast as living in noida, he said, was becoming a life threatening issue for africans.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will pay a two-day visit to myanmar from may 10 during which key bilateral and regional issues, including the situation in the rakhine state from where thousands of rohingya muslims had fled following violence last year, are likely to be discussed.
swaraj would hold talks with the top leadership of myanmar and both sides are expected to ink several key agreements covering diverse aspects of the bilateral relationship, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
the external affairs minister will hold discussion with myanmerese leadership on various bilateral, regional and multilateral issues of mutual interests, he told reporters without elaborating.
kumar said both sides were also expected to review the progress made on decisions taken during prime minister narendra modis visit to myanmar in september 2017.
myanmar is one of indias strategic neighbours and it shares a 1,640 km border with a number of northeastern states, including militancy-hit nagaland and manipur.
on the rohingya issue, the mea spokesperson said india has been maintaining that normalcy would return to the rakhine state with the return of displaced persons.
he said india is also of the view that long term solution to the problem in the rakhine state would be to ensure its socio-economic development.
an estimated 6,00,000 rohingya muslims had fled myanmars rakhine state since august last year after large-scale violence there.
in december last, india had announced a development assistance of usd 25 million for the rakhine state.
india has been concerned over some militant groups from the northeast region taking shelter in myanmar.
the country has been assuring india that it would not allow any insurgent groups to use its territory against india.
the issue of cross border activities by certain insurgent groups may figure during talks between swaraj and the myanmerese leaders.
the minister also asked indian high commissioner to nigeria, abhay thakur, to prepare a report on the incident.
advertisingi have seen news reports about abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in nigeria, tweeted swaraj on monday.
the ministers tweet comes days after media reports suggested that pirates had abducted five indian sailors last month and took their ship mt apecus in bonny outer anchorage in nigeria.
their families also tweeted to the indian commission in nigeria, saying they were unable to contact the sailors.
i have seen news reports about abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in nigeria.
i am asking indian high commissioner to take this up at the highest level with government of nigeria for their release.
abhay  please take this up and send me a report.
@india_nigeria  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 7, 2019on april 30, in a tweet addressed to baijayant panda, bjps vice-president ,bhagyashree das, wife of one of the abducted sailor sudeep kumar choudhury, wrote, sir plz help us to save my husband, sudeep kumar choudhury 3rd officer merchant navy, who has been kidnapped along with 4 other indians from vessel, mt apecus(imo 733810) anchored off lagos, nigeria on 19.
04.
2019.
require ur early & urgent intervention into this matter.
she later tweeted to swaraj as well.
@pandajay sir plz help us to save my husband, sudeep kumar choudhury 3rd officer merchant navy, who has been kidnapped along with 4 other indians from vessel, mt apecus(imo 733810) anchored off lagos, nigeria on 19.
04.
2019.
require ur early & urgent intervention into this matter.
pic.
twitter.com/qjdnazeh3n  bhagyashree das (@dasbhagyashree2) april 30, 2019the indian commission in nigeria wrote back saying it was in very close touch with the nigerian navy and police and that concerned parties have made initial contact.
caution is of utmost importance for everyones safety, it added.
b'rallying behind party president nitin gadkari,senior bjp leaders today rejected charges of any wrongdoing by him in acquiring land in maharashtra and said the allegations would be fought politically and not legally.
soon after arvind kejriwal alleged that gadkari had acquired large tracts of farm land in maharashtra through improper means,bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley came out in strong defence of the party chief,saying the charges were false and baselss.
addressing a joint press conference,the two leaders took a dig at activist-turned-politician kejriwal,saying he was rubbishing all parties to hog the limelight.
we are happy that our national president is not involved in any scam.
the party is fully with him, she said.
we wont go for defamation suit.
jaitley said since kejriwal was forming a political party,he has the ambition of hogging the limelight.
a mountain of what was not even a mole-hill sought to be created the hitman (kejriwal) has scored a self-goal.
it was wasteland,not farmland as alleged it is wrongly alleged that it was farm land.
gadkari has provided subsidised sugarcane saplings to farmers of maharashtra, she said.
the land was acquired in 1983-84 and the dam was built in 1997 and the farmers were paid total compensation during the process,she said.
iac also alleged that the dam water is being diverted to gadkaris business.
only 0.
85 per cent,less than one per cent,of water is being used by him.
gadkari has always said that he treats his business as a mission, the bjps leader of opposition in the lok sabha said.
attacking iac,she also said it is not their business to decide the functioning of a political party and the activist has raked up the issue only because gadkari is about to get a second term as the party president.
jaitley said iac is trying to raise question marks over credibility of all political parties.
iac has tried to bring in a moral equivalence among all political parties and put a question mark on all of them todays press conference (by kejriwal) was a failed attempt to bring in a moral equivalence between bjp and congress, he said.
stating that he fails to understand where was any allegation during the press conference held by kejriwal and iac activists,jaitley said today iac has damaged the credibility of civil society organisations.
vidarbha has been a dry region and a 11-year lease was given to a trust to grow sugarcane saplings just like it is done in laboratories,he said,adding it has been an attempt to make the region green.
b'sushma swaraj embarks a train journey from pentrich station to pietermaritzburg.
(source: mea/twitter) sushmaswaraj swaraj embarks a train journey from pentrich station to pietermaritzburg.
(source: mea/twitter)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today undertook a train journey from pentrich to pietermaritzburg, a railway station where a young mahatma gandhi was thrown out of a whites-only compartment, an incident that acted as a catalyst for him to practice satyagraha.
swaraj, who is in south africa on a five-day visit, yesterday planted a sapling in the phoenix settlement where mahatma gandhi had developed his philosophy of non-violence during his stay in south africa.
the journey that acted as a catalyst for mahatma gandhi to practise satyagraha!
eam @sushmaswaraj embarks a train journey from pentrich station to pietermaritzburg, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
on the night of june 7, 1893, mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer, was thrown off the trains first class compartment at pietermaritzburg station for refusing to give up his seat.
the incident led him to develop his satyagraha principles of peaceful resistance and mobilise people in south africa and in india against the discriminatory rules of the british.
later, the incident of gandhi being thrown off the train on a cold winter evening would be re-enacted, and his a two-sided bust would be installed on the station platform.
gandhi spent 21 years in south africa before returning to india in 1915.
external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)india on monday ruled out any meeting between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif when the two will be in kazakhstan this week, and asserted that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj).
taking a tough stance on ties with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said talks and terror cannot go together while articulating strategy of india which was based on three pillars in dealing with that country.
she also emphasised that india was engaged with other countries on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
she was asked if modi and sharif will meet on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit at astana, kazakhstan on june 8-9.
asked about reported remarks of a pakistani law officer that islamabad will take the kashmir issue to icj after india approached the global court in kulbhushan jadhav case, the minister said, pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to icj.
the shimla agreement and lahore declaration are very clear on kashmir issue that it can only be resolved bilaterally.
the two countries are bound by these bilateral agreements.
she also referred to some cases pending at other courts such as hyderabad nizam funds case in the uk court and issues pertaining to indus waters treaty before the world bank.
rejecting suggestions that the government had a flip- flop policy in handling pakistan, she said india is very clear that it wants to hold dialogue, resolve all issues bilaterally without mediation from any third country, organisation or anyone else.
but at the same time terror and talks cannot go together.
the minister also emphasised that the government was asking other countries not to see cross-border issue or terrorism emanating from pakistan from the prism of india but see if the international terrorism was in anyway linked with that country.
finally, where was osama bin laden found?
in pakistan, she said, adding it was time to finalise the comprehensive convention on international terrorism at the un and define terrorism.
on pakistans contention that it will raise jurisdiction on the merit of the jadhav case, she said india has a very strong argument and it will win the case.
she also made it clear that indias case was based on pakistans violation of vienna convention under which consular access was not only essential but compulsory.
india has made 16 requests to pakistan to grant access to jadhav, who was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on charges of involvement in espionage and sabotage activities against the country.
pakistan claims its security forces arrested him from its restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
however, india maintains that he was kidnapped from iran where he had business interests after retiring from the navy and approached icj to save his life.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
(file)the protest by hundreds of fishermen here against the killing of a colleague allegedly by sri lankan navy entered the second day on thursday as they demanded an assurance by the centre on protecting their livelihood.
the 22-year-old indian fisherman, bridgo, was shot dead on monday allegedly by lankan navy personnel while he was fishing in a mechanised boat at a short distance off katchatheevu islet.
watch what else is making newsthe sri lankan government had on wednesday said an initial probe report has ruled out its navys involvement in the killing of the fisherman.
hardening their stand, the protesters on thursday demanded that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visit them and assure that they would not be attacked by sri lankan naval men while fishing in their traditional areas in the palk strait.
local fishermen association leaders, including s emiret and n j bose, said they would boycott fishing till swaraj visited rameswaram and extended the assurance.
a large number of police personnel have been posted on the island to monitor the situation which was tense but under control, police said.
tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami had on wednesday shot off a letter to the centre, saying the sri lankan high commissioner to india should be summoned forthwith and the strong feelings of the state and central governments about the unprovoked firing on fishermen be conveyed.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajunder fire from the family of an indian patient, who was to be airlifted from bangkok to delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wednesday lamented that she wished she had enough funds to airlift all indian patients from overseas.
an air-ambulance sent by medanta hospital to fetch the woman crash-landed near bangkok earlier this week, killing the pilot and dashing hopes of the family to shift the unwell woman back to india.
while she did not assure any support, swaraj tweeted, i receive many requests for air ambulance from indian abroad.
@rakeshk65554191 wants rs 23 lakh for air ambulance.
i wish i had enough funds to airlift all indian patients from various countries of the world.
agarwal family have now revised their request and want rs 26 lakh.
after she tweeted about the air ambulance crash-landing on monday night, gitika, a bangkok-based woman, had tweeted, they were the angels who were coming for airlifting our mom.
you didnt do anything for us but they were ready to help.
gitika is the daughter-in-law of shashi agarwal, the 60-year-old patient, who was to be airlifted by the ill-fated air ambulance.
shashi and her husband have been in bangkok since mid-december, visiting their son and daughter-in-law, and were scheduled to return in february.
however, shashi fell ill in january.
as her condition deteriorated from a case of pneumonia to a serious lung ailment, her family asked for help from the indian government to airlift her back to india.
gitika had even tweeted to swaraj in february, but did not hear from her.
eventually, they contacted indian hospitals and gurgaon-based medanta agreed to airlift shashi for rs 23 lakh.
the family, which belongs to ups rampur, is hoping that medanta can airlift shashi once they tide over the current crisis.
we understand that the hospital is busy.
we hope she can be airlifted soon, gitika said.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan (file photo) kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan (file photo)in the wake of deepening gulf crisis that could have potential repercussions on indian expatriates, kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on monday wrote to prime ministers office and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, highlighting the states concern regarding the safety and future of their employment and engagement in qatar.
i am writing this letter in the context of the developing geo-political situation in the middle east today.
as you are aware millions of indians are working in countries in the middle east and therefore the geo-political developments in the region has raised deep concerns among the people in the state since each family has at least one family member or a relative in the region, vijayan said in a facebook post.
in the biggest diplomatic crisis to hit the gulf in recent years, arab nations including saudi arabia, the united arab emirates, egypt and bahrain severed their ties with qatar, accusing the latter of destabilising the region.
the move comes amid qatars alleged backing for islamist movements and its perceived tolerance of saudi arabias rival, iran.
these countries have also announced plans to stop all land, air and sea traffic with qatar, which said measures were unjustified.
nearly three lakh, out of 6.
5 lakh indians in qatar, hail from kerala.
the kerala cm also offered his states full backing for whatever decision the centre would take in this matter.
i would like to place on record the full support of our state to the considered stance that union government would take on the issue, given the complexities involved, he said.
we do appreciate that it is a complex situation and we are in no doubt that union government will come out with the most appropriate diplomatic and geo-political stance in this regard taking into consideration all aspects and put in place a robust mechanism for addressing all the concerns, vijayan added.
the communist leader also requested that the indian embassy in doha be suitably empowered to respond presciently to the concerns of the indian population in qatar.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajindian foreign policy on a political solution to the ethnic conflict in sri lanka has been consistent for close to three decades.
the indo-lankan accord of 1987 led to the 13th amendment to the sri lankan constitution, recognising tamil as an official language and devolving power to the provinces  two longstanding demands of the tamil minority.
since then, india has consistently called for the full implementation of the amendment and meaningful devolution.
a year after his election, president maithripala sirisena has initiated a constitutional reform process to address the question that has haunted the country since independence.
even as indo-lankan relations are going through a major transformation after the regime change in colombo, it might be time for indian foreign policy to depart from its long engagement grounded on the 13th amendment and support a far-reaching constitutional reform process.
will external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, visiting sri lanka this week, break indias silence and welcome the possibility of a constitutional transformation?
indian engagement with sri lanka escalated on the political front following the j.r. jayawardene regimes alignment with the us in 1977.
india got entangled in the civil war, gave refuge to fleeing tamils, and suffered the failed ipkf mission.
it was constrained by a security approach to contain the ltte, particularly after the assassination of former prime minister rajiv gandhi.
over the last decade, particularly in the post-war years, india has emphasised economic engagement.
however, indo-lankan relations focused on economic integration will not only be shaped by the political leadership in colombo leaning towards india but also by the local and international pressures affecting the consolidation of the new government.
following the defeat of the mahinda rajapaksa regime, the west, led by the us, has moved closer to colombo to counter china.
us and european engagement with sri lanka has always focused on security and human rights.
most western capitals and their embassies in colombo have little understanding of the history of state-building and the devolution debate.
they do little more than support junkets for officials and ngos to study federalism and governance models in places like switzerland, canada and the uk.
its the transitional justice process linked to the unhrc resolution of september 2015 that has dominated international engagement with sri lanka in recent months.
this is where a shift in indian policy supporting constitutional reform could go a long way for sustainable peace.
economic relief for the long-suffering war-torn population, the release of lands taken by the military and of prisoners languishing under the prevention of terrorism act have to be dealt with urgently.
however, the broader process of wartime accountability for human rights abuses has to be preceded by a political solution that recognises the historical grievances of the minorities and addresses the root causes of the conflict.
here, indias vocal support prioritising a constitutional solution can be an effective check on the wests narrow and skewed approach, which has shifted from war crimes pressure on the rajapaksa regime to a transitional justice engagement with the new government.
without a political solution, the transitional justice processes will be hard to sustain.
the constitutional reform process is bound to face the test of disruptive political forces  of sinhala buddhist chauvinism and separatist tamil nationalism.
enshrining a progressive new constitution requiring a referendum amounts to defeating nationalist and polarising forces.
the credibility of the new constitution will depend on whether the country is able to remove the unitary conception of the state, which centralises power in colombo, while also ensuring safeguards against separation.
under a unitary constitution, the bureaucracy, judiciary and even educationists function with a centralised mindset alienating people on the periphery.
an extensive body of work on constitutional reform includes a vibrant devolution debate and the constitutional bill defeated in the parliament in august 2000.
such proposals sought fiscal, land and police powers for the provinces; a single structure of governance at the district and village levels, eliminating the parallel structure of the central government; and checks on provincial powers to ensure the rights of numerically smaller minorities.
the failure to find a political solution was in part due to the lttes belligerence and its suicidal politics, and in part the nationalist manoeuvres and rivalry between the unp and the slfp, undermining the two-thirds parliamentary majority necessary for constitutional amendments.
currently, the absence of the ltte and a national government consisting of the unp and slfp have created a golden opportunity.
nevertheless, the war-torn people continue to live in a state of alienation.
the integration of the war-affected, mired in a deep economic crisis, requires a credible process of development and devolution.
unfortunately, the northern provincial council, led by chief minister c.v. vigneswaran has given devolution a bad name through administrative inaction and an extreme tamil nationalist discourse.
indian engagement in a constitutional solution has to rise above the vicissitudes of the political process in sri lanka.
india has to allay sinhala fears of regional hegemony and commit to principled support for democratisation and minority rights.
with an slfp president, a unp pm, a tna opposition leader and the muslim leadership all having embraced a robust constitutional process, there may not be a better time for indian foreign policy to shift its vision and weigh in with its diplomatic capital to support the constitutional solution.
in april the government had made a submission that kohinoor was given as a gift to the east india company by the rulers of punjab.
in april the government had made a submission that kohinoor was given as a gift to the east india company by the rulers of punjab.
the issue of bringing back the famed kohinoor diamond from britain was on friday discussed at a meeting attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and culture minister mahesh sharma.
the meeting lasted for over 45 minutes and issues relating to the 108-carat diamond which is currently set in a crown on display in the tower of london were discussed, a source said.
in april, the government had made a submission in the supreme court that the diamond was neither forcibly taken nor stolen by the british, but given as a gift to the east india company by the rulers of punjab.
watch video: whats making newsbringing back of the diamond faces legal and technical hurdles as it dates back to pre-independence period and thus did not fall under the purview of antiquities and art treasures act, 1972.
however, after receiving flak for its stand, the government had said all efforts would be made to get back the diamond estimated to cost over usd 200 million.
kohinoor, meaning mountain of light, is a large, colourless diamond that was found in southern india in early 14th century.
in may, sharma had told parliament that ministry of external affairs is exploring ways and means for obtaining a satisfactory resolution to this issue with the uk government.
the gem is the subject of a historic ownership dispute and has been claimed by at least four countries, including india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(ap photo/manish swarup) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(ap photo/manish swarup)it has arrived finally, the moment of reckoning for the ministry of external affairs, as fate sheds its veils on 39 indians abducted by the islamic state (is) terror organisation in or around mosul, in iraq, in june 2014.
earlier this week mosul fell to iraqi forces, dealing a death blow to is which had tried to establish an islamic caliphate in the region, with mosul as its capital.
after being repeatedly told by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj over the last three years that six separate sources had told her and her officers that the 39 men were alive, that the is was shuffling them around, that they had been spotted working on a construction site, or being used as bonded labour, it is now the turn of the family members of the 39 men to press for india to act on that information.
as recently as june 8, the minister gave renewed hope to the families by telling them there was specific information that 20-25 indian men had been seen in a church in mosul, and it was almost certain that they were part of the group of 39.
on june 9, when iraqi forces announced the liberation of mosul, hopes rose in the doaba and majha villages of punjab, from where many of the men came.
the families began calling the ministry of external affairs to find out if the missing men had been found.
the government responded by sending minister of state v k singh to iraq.
he is unlikely to bring anyone back with him.
what is far more likely is that the men were killed soon after their abduction.
this is what several government officials familiar with the details of the case have known, or believed and have been privately saying.
it is unfortunate that swaraj, who has commendably done more than any other foreign minister before her to help indians in distress abroad, continued for so long to convey the opposite impression.
the indian government had information within weeks of the abduction that the men had all been shot.
the person who brought this information was the 40th man in that group, harjit masih.
by the time he emerged, the mea had already publicly and strongly committed to the line that the men were alive.
his story of a lucky escape from the is was disbelieved and hushed up.
the government quietly transported him back to india and kept him in confinement for close to six months.
an official said privately that the government did not want him spreading panic among the families of the 39 men with his stories of how they had been shot.
he was placed under virtual house arrest in safe houses in bengaluru and noida.
when some of masihs family members went to meet him in noida with due permission, they came away impressed by the apartment, and the cook, but they still wanted him back home.
the government had to let him go.
but within months of his release, he was arrested on charges of human trafficking, as he had helped an agent recruit nine of the men.
the complainants were the families of these nine men, even though they had not said this earlier.
the families of the nine men also regularly received money that they sent from iraq.
still, the mea backed up their complaint with a letter to the batala police asking them to take act against masih.
how much more sensible, and sensitive it would have been, back in 2014, to tell the families the limits of the possibilities?
by now, they would probably be coming to terms with the inevitable, instead of excitedly googling up images of the church, which was so casually mentioned at their last meeting with the minister.
how much easier it would have been for them, and for the government now, had it not ratcheted up expectations at each meeting of family members with the minister.
if there is one thing all the families have in common, it is their trust and belief in the external affairs minister.
many of them worship her as the person who is going to bring their loved ones back.
she asked them: do you believe me or harjit masih?
of course they all believed her, even as they struggled, emotionally, socially and economically, living on the hope she held out.
in any other democracy, such treatment of citizens, bordering on the whimsical, would have triggered a controversy by now.
but except for the aam admi party, which in may 2015 highlighted the governments conduct with harjit masih, it seemed as if no other political party wanted to be seen on the side of bad news, that too just before the election in punjab.
ironically, thats how it had all begun  in 2014, a newly sworn in nda had not wanted to break the bad news in punjab, where allies sad and bjp were the ruling coalition and sad was already in election mode at the time.
its time to end this long saga.
when v k singh returns  barring of course the unlikely possibility that he brings with him proof of life of the 39 men, or even some of them  the government must come clean with the families, and help them come to terms with the likelier reality.
anything else would be a travesty.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo / tv grab new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
pti photo / tv grabexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj downplayed reports of seeking assistance of congress leader and mp shashi tharoor for drafting a resolution in the parliament condemning death penalty handed down to kulbhushan jadhav by a pakistan military court on monday.
swaraj took to twitter to refute the reports saying there was no dearth of talent in her ministry.
in her response to an english news channel, sushmaswaraj tweeted: there is no dearth of talent in my ministry.
i have the assistance of very able secretaries.
jadhav, who was arrested in march last year by pakistan and accused by the country of spying, was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on monday fanning tensions between the two nuclear-armed countries.
experts on espionage laws have suggested that the death sentence is a violation of article 36 of the vienna convention.
the article makes it mandatory for every government to give consular access to an arrested foreign national by government officials of respective countries.
meanwhile, a section of us experts has expressed concern over handing out death penaltuy to jadhav by a pakistan miliatary court.
they warned islamabad saying they should send a strong message to india against isolating it on the world stage.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das economic affairs secretary shaktikanta daseconomic affairs secretary shaktikanta das on sunday asked amazon to desist from being flippant about indian symbols and icons, cautioning it that indifference will be at your own peril.
amazon, better behave.
desist from being flippant about indian symbols & icons.
indifference will be at your own peril, das said in a tweet.
in another tweet, however, he added: comment on amazon was as a citizen of india as i felt strongly about it.
nothing more should be read into it.
last week, after a strong protest by india over amazon selling doormats depicting indian flag, the e-retail giant removed the offensive article from its canadian website.
a spokesman for amazon based at its headquarters in seattle had told the washington post that the doormat was no longer for sale on its website.
watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatsafter the indian flag incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had received several complaints of amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhis image.
some twitter users have tagged swaraj in their tweets complaining that the beach sandals with gandhis image were being sold on the amazon us site.
when asked, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup did not specifically mention the issue, saying, as a follow up to the matter regarding the sale of doormats with the indian flag on amazon, our ambassador in washington has been instructed to convey to amazon that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments.
b'after receiving madhus letter, deputy cm manish sisodia wrote to the education secretary stating that the government should go the extra mile.
after receiving madhus letter, deputy cm manish sisodia wrote to the education secretary stating that the government should go the extra mile.
union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday thanked deputy chief minister manish sisodia on twitter for helping a girl, who came to india from pakistan in 2014, get admission to a government school.
swaraj, who also posted sisodias letter to the delhi department directing it to take necessary steps to help the 16-year-old, tweeted, thank you @msisodia ji for this kind gesture.
following a letter written to him by madhu, who came from sukkur in pakistans sindh, sisodia had on monday asked the education department to help her get admission to a government school.
madhu, who moved to india with her parents and five siblings, lives in bhatti mines area.
she wrote a letter to sisodia saying she had moved to delhi from pakistan two years ago with her family owing to adverse conditions in the country.
she said she had no documents like birth certificate or a school-leaving certificate and was finding it difficult to secure admission in a government school.
madhu said she had studied till class ix in pakistan and wanted to pursue further education.
the only document she had was her passport, which had her date of birth.
after receiving her letter, sisodia wrote to the education secretary stating that the government should go the extra mile.
to accommodate the request of ms madhu, a migrant girl from pakistan, the government can consider relaxing rules and regulations if they come in the way of her joining our school, sisodia wrote to the education secretary.
madhu said that before sisodias intervention, she was denied admission to the school at least 12 times.
during the last two years, she said she had taken private tuition in english and hindi to overcome the language problem.
my command over english and hindi was not good but i made an effort to learn so i would be ready when the school took me in, she said.
madhus 28-year-old brother, lakhmir, said that the first time he and his sister went to the government school, the principal asked her to bring an affidavit from the court.
after that, she was asked to bring an aadhaar card as identity proof.
then she was asked to show her visa, but it was submitted with the authorities.
meanwhile, she had to quit tuitions as that was costing us money, he said.
asserting that china had created procedural hurdles for india in getting membership of the elite nuclear suppliers group (nsg), government on wednesday said it was engaging with its neighbour to iron out differences while expressing hope that the issues would be resolved.
responding to supplementaries during question hour in the lok sabha, she said china had questioned how a non-signatory to npt could become a member of the nsg.
but we are engaging with it.
if someone says no for once, it does not mean he wont agree at all  like gst almost all parties have agreed to it but congress has not.
watch video: whats making newsthe minister rejected suggestions that india had created a lot of hype ahead of the nsg meet in seoul.
we have been taught to make serious efforts to achieve thingsno hype was created when we submitted our application for the membership of nsg on may 12.
we did it with low fanfare, she said.
swaraj also scoffed at suggestions by supriya sule (ncp) that the denial of nsg membership to india was a huge diplomatic snub as it came after prime minister narendra modis visit to mexico and switzerland.
the minister said mexico supported indias bid and when the decision did not go in new delhis favour, mexico asked the group to decide again on the issue.
asserting that indian diplomacy has made its mark, she said earlier people used to ask whether india can make it to the nsg.
now when india will become a member is the question being asked, she said in the presence of the prime minister.
waiver is like being allowed in the verandah.
she said though india has not signed the npt, it is following the commitments made when it got the waiver in 2008.
swaraj also credited the previous upa government for getting the waiver and said while the upa government followed the commitments, the present government is following the same since it came to power in 2014.
she said membership of the nsg would enable india to have enhanced and uninterrupted access to nuclear technology, fuel and material required for expanding its civil nuclear programme.
it would create a predictable environment for large investments required for setting up nuclear power plants in india, inter alia, to meet indias intended nationally determined contribution (indc) pledge of 40 per cent of its power capacity coming from non-fossil sources by 2030, she said.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express photo by amit mehra)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit israel and palestine on january 17-18 to strengthen indias engagement with the two countries and to pave the way for prime minister narendra modis visit later this year.
as foreign minister, this will be swarajs first visit to west asia, a strategically important region.
her first stop will be palestine, where she will hold talks with the countrys leadership with an aim to boost bilateral engagement.
the visit will also reaffirm indias continued political, diplomatic and developmental support to palestine, ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said, adding the trip will deepen the mutual understanding at the political level and boost bilateral engagement with palestine.
after her engagements in palestine on january 17, swaraj will go to israel the same day for a two-day visit, during which she will hold discussions with the israeli leadership and review the gamut of india-israel relations that is on an upswing.
swarajs visit to israel assumes significance in view of a possible visit by israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to india later this year.
prime minister narendra modi may also pay a return visit to tel aviv.
president pranab mukherjee had visited tel aviv in last october, becoming the first indian head of state to visit the country.
indias relations with israel are part of its engagement with the broader west asia region and are independent of its relations with any country in the region, said swarup.
in tel aviv, swaraj will have meetings with president reuven rivlin, pm benjamin netanyahu as well as minister of defence moshe yaalon and minister of national infrastructure yuval steinitz.
b'new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a press conference in new delhi on sunday.
(source: pti) new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a press conference in new delhi on sunday.
the differences which are prevalent in context of the definition, we are holding parleys on this that one must not differentiate between good terrorists and bad terrorists.
a terrorist is a terrorist.
and a terrorist does not commit crime against a country, but against the humanity.
watch video: whats making newsi told them that you are rigid on your stand on masood azahar, lakhvi in the 1267 committee and that this act of beijing acts as a hindrance in the global fight against terrorism where we collectively want to fight against terrorism.
so, we are urging all the nations to support our definition on terrorism, he added.
and the kind of support we are getting is immense as almost all nations are with us on our definition on terrorism that we should not differentiate between good and bad terrorist and that people or entities which are financing terrorist or are providing safe havens to terrorist should be brought under this definition, he added.
ccit, a treaty proposed by india in 1996, aimed to ban terrorists and make it binding for countries to deny funds and safe haven to them.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday agreed to a demand by chief minister amarinder singh for opening up another passport office in punjab to facilitate nris, the state government said on friday.
during a meeting with singh, swaraj also assured to look into the issue of blacklisted sikhs settled abroad.
the issues came up for discussion when amarinder called on swaraj in new delhi to inquire about her health after her recent kidney transplant.
during the brief courtesy call, swaraj, in response to the chief ministers concern on the issue, also promised all possible efforts by the central government to ensure the safety and security of punjabis and sikhs living abroad.
the proposed passport office in nawanshahr will be in addition to the recently sanctioned passport office in patiala which is set to be inaugurated soon, a spokesperson of the punjab government disclosed after the meeting.
the chief minister expressed concern over the delay in removing the names of sikh youth enumerated in governments blacklist for their alleged involvement in subversive or anti-india activities in the past.
these indian-origin sikh youth are barred from visiting india on account of being blacklisted.
the matter of racist attacks on punjabis and sikhs settled in various countries also came up during discussions, with amarinder urging swaraj to take up the matter at the international level to protect victims of such assaults.
the chief minister also raised the issue of setting up of punjab-israel working groups to boost cooperation for mutual benefit in the areas of security, agriculture and trade.
the proposal to set up such groups had been made by israeli ambassador daniel carmon at his meeting with amarinder earlier on friday, the spokesperson said.
the chief minister, at his meeting with the external affairs minister, underlined the importance of such groups in the broader national interest.
apna ghar case: nine people, including jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, acquaintance roshni, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were held guilty by a special cbi court on april 18.
apna ghar case: nine people, including jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, acquaintance roshni, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were held guilty by a special cbi court on april 18.
a cbi court in panchkula on friday sentenced three accused in the apna ghar sexual abuse case to life imprisonment, one to seven years imprisonment while ordering release of others.
those sentenced to life include main accused jaswanti devi, her son-in-law jai bhagwan and driver satish.
the case dates back to 2012 when three girls escaped from apna ghar, a shelter home in rohtak, and lodged a complaint with police helpline alleging sexual assault and brutality inside.
after the complaint, the national commission for protection of child rights (ncpcr) rescued around 20 inmates from the shelter home and sealed it.
ten people were arrested in the case.
a month later, the case was transferred to the cbi.
nine people, including jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, acquaintance roshni, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were held guilty by a special cbi court on april 18.
apna ghar counsellor veena was convicted for causing unlawful compulsory labour, criminal intimidation  undergone already, was released by the court.
new delhi: defence minister nirmala sitharaman after taking charge at her office in new delhi on thursday, becoming the first full-time woman defence minister of the country.
pti photo by shahbaz khan(pti9_7_2017_000095b) new delhi: defence minister nirmala sitharaman after taking charge at her office in new delhi on thursday, becoming the first full-time woman defence minister of the country.
pti photo by shahbaz khan(pti9_7_2017_000095b)it is generally assumed that prime minister narendra modi effected the changes in his ministerial team unilaterally.
after all, even senior ministers were in the dark about portfolio allocations until they were actually at rashtrapati bhavan for the swearing-in.
but this assumption is incorrect.
the pm met the big four of his cabinet  rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and nitin gadkari  separately and individually.
he asked them if they had any suggestion as to who should be made defence minister.
nobody mentioned any name.
the pm then proposed that the four meet later together.
the ministers met at rajnath singhs residence but no one really talked about the cabinet reshuffle.
perhaps jaitley had an inkling of what was in the prime ministers mind, but, if so, he did not reveal it to his colleagues.
snatching her babythe thankless task of informing uma bharti that she was losing her ganga rejuvenation portfolio was left to ram lal, the bjp organising secretary.
the feisty bharti complained to the rss that the ganga was her baby and she would not part with it.
the pm refused to relent as bharti has gained a reputation for absenteeism.
even before the cabinet reshuffle, modi had felt that it made sense for shipping minister nitin gadkari, who looks after navigation, dredging and inland waterways, to oversee the ganga project.
in fact, bharti did not show up for two of the three joint meetings between the shipping ministry and the ganga rejuvenation ministry attended by the pms principal secretary, nripendra misra.
as a sop, it was finally decided that bharti would be given the ministry of drinking water and sanitation.
but she is not reconciled.
fortunes favouritethe big question is how nirmala sitharaman pipped everyone to the post and bagged the heavyweight defence portfolio.
the pm may be pleased with sitharamans honesty, hard work, draftsmanship and ability to give a prcis of lengthy documents, but other factors also weighed in her favour.
an important consideration was that sitharaman is from the south.
with the departure of venkaiah naidu, there was a need to rectify the regional imbalance among the top five ministers.
the only other minister from the south was ananth kumar and modi didnt think he fit the bill.
sitharaman is a tamilian who has represented both andhra pradesh and karnataka in the rajya sabha.
her promotion, in a way, was a snub to some whom amit shah wanted to cut to size.
someone at the party headquarters deliberately leaked the news that sitharaman was likely to be dropped, so as to put potential aspirants off their guard.
reversal of fortuneswith sushmaswaraj swaraj, maneka gandhi, uma bharti, smriti irani, nirmala sitharaman and harsimrat kaur, the modi government has set a record for the largest number of women in the cabinet.
what is interesting is the fluctuating fortunes of the women ministers.
swaraj, gandhi and bharti are by far the senior-most in politics, but the two junior ministers, irani and sitharaman, have stolen their thunder.
bharti has managed to cling on to her position by the skin of her teeth and gandhi continues in the low-profile ministry of women and child development.
despite her efforts, swaraj has been unable to stall the rapid rise of sitharaman and irani.
sitharaman had impressed arun jaitley with her oratory and it was he who suggested that she be made a spokesperson in 2011.
in 2012, swaraj and venkaiah naidu opposed sitharaman getting a rajya sabha seat from rajasthan.
swaraj was also uncomfortable with irani, who shares a similar bharatiya nari image, becoming a popular campaigner for the party.
but, thanks to narendra modis blessings, irani was made a rajya sabha mp from gujarat in 2011 and appointed hrd minister in 2014.
sitharaman finally got into parliament in 2014, when she was made mos, commerce.
her elevation as defence minister last week puts her a notch above irani, now handling i&b and textiles, and almost, but not quite, on a par with swaraj.
partymen fumingthe harshest criticism of the new ministerial inductions has come on whatsapp groups of bjp loyalists and sangh activists.
it has been pointed out that many of the technocrats selected had chequered careers.
the appointment of k alphons and r k singh was particularly galling, as both have openly worked against the sangh in the past.
someone noted sarcastically that the christian sentiment, there is more rejoicing over one sinner who repents than 99 who justly deserve heaven, is from the bible and not part of hindutva.
minister of state v narayanasamy leaves pm manmohan singhs residence after attending high level congress core group meeting sunday express photo by amit mehra 05 may 2013 minister of state v narayanasamy leaves pm manmohan singhs residence after attending high level congress core group meeting sunday express photo by amit mehra 05 may 2013the budget session of the puducherry assembly will begin on may 16.
chief minister v narayanasamy said the house was likely to have 20 sitting days and the session will be marked by adoption of the budget for fiscal 2017-2018 and passing of the goods and services tax bill relating to puducherry.
the assembly has been reconvened by speaker v vaithilingam for its budget session (2017-2018)on may 16.
the session will begin with the customary address by puducherry lt governor.
the assembly had a brief session on march 30 and 31 and as there was no allocation of funds from the centre then for puducherry the house adopted a vote on account earmarking funds for the first three months (april to june) of fiscal 2017-2018.
now a full- fledged budget would be adopted in the coming session.
the chief minister said the government had decided to disburse the monthly assistance to aged persons, widows and also to those physically challenged at their doorsteps with the cooperation of the banks.
the business correspondents of the banks would call on the beneficiaries from june to disburse the assistance.
he said he would participate in the meeting convened in delhi by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on may 8 to discuss the issues on the frequent arrest of indian fishermen by the sri lanka navy and also alleged confiscation of the boats.
he said some fishermen from karaikal were languishing in prisons in sri lanka.
the chief minister said he would seek the external affairs ministers intervention to secure the release of the fishermen and their fishing boats.
external affairs miniter sushmaswaraj swaraj with his majesty the king of saudi arabia salman bin abdulaziz al saud earlier this week.
(source: twitter/@meaindia) external affairs miniter sushmaswaraj swaraj with his majesty the king of saudi arabia salman bin abdulaziz al saud earlier this week.
(source: twitter/@meaindia)women in iran are taking off their head scarves in a bold protest against irans rule on compulsory wearing of the veil in public.
it was among the first prohibitions imposed by the islamic republic after the 1979 revolution.
women in saudi arabia are learning how to drive as they await legal sanction this summer.
riyadh has also lifted a four decade-old ban on movie theatres.
the current clamour for liberation from social controls imposed in the name of religion is one of the many surprising turns in the middle east.
another one is the quest for moderate islam.
key leaders of the region, president abdel fattah al-sisi of egypt, mohammed bin zayed, the crown prince of the united arab emirates, and mohammed bin salman, crown prince of saudi arabia, have all made reclaiming islam from the extremist groups an important political priority.
for decades now, the regions political leadership has been under pressure to yield to the conservative religious flank.
any reversal, of course, would be hugely consequential for india and the world.
as it intensifies its engagement with the middle east this week and the next, delhi must come to terms with a changing region and the opportunities it presents.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited saudi arabia this week and prime minister narendra modi is traveling to palestine, oman and the united arab emirates.
india is expected to host president hassan rouhani of iran next month.
although delhis relations with the middle east have gained greater traction, many feel there is need for the articulation of objectives and a strategy to achieve them.
suggestions have often been made for the formulation of a look west policy that puts indias relations with the region on a sound basis.
the success of indias look east policy, many believe, provides a persuasive precedent.
the transformation of indias engagement with south east asia was celebrated last month by the presence of the 10 asean leaders at the annual republic day celebrations.
but comparisons between the regions to indias east and west are not very useful.
one big difference between the two regions is an institutional framework that facilitates indias regional diplomacy.
if the association of south east asian nations has been the vehicle for indias expanding partnership with south east asia, there is no similar forum in the middle east.
groupings such as the arab league, or the organisation of islamic conference, were never really effective.
even more narrowly focused organisations like the gulf cooperation council are beginning to crack amid the regions turbulence.
once formed to counter the iranian threat, the gcc is badly divided today.
the saudi-uae effort to marginalise another member of the gcc is part of the story.
the aseans process-driven diplomacy, with multiple lines of continuous engagement, puts pressure on india to stay focused on its look east policy.
in the middle east, the principal impulse has to be indias own strategic appreciation of the region matched by a vigorous bilateralism.
rapport at the leadership level is critical for success in a region ruled mostly by monarchs and strong rulers.
the pms personal diplomacy in the region, however, has not been matched by the ability of delhis bureaucracy to follow through on declarations and joint statements.
one important reason for delhis success east of india has been the absence of domestic political discord over the region.
ideological, political and religious divisions in india over the middle east have long complicated delhis thinking of the region.
the partition of the subcontinent produced a set of outcomes that complicated indias relations with the middle east.
in the first decades after independence, india had bet that its commitment to pan-arabism and anti-imperialism would counter pakistans claims for special affection of the region as a state founded on islam.
while religion remains important, pan-islamism is no longer a dominant force in shaping the politics of the region.
the rise of sectarianism has undercut pan-islamism while individual national interests have blunted the idea of ethnic arab solidarity.
after the cold war, india gingerly stepped out to pursue a more practical policy towards the region.
even as indias economic ties deepened after the economic reforms launched in 1991, delhi appeared defensive in the region.
if too much of political grand-standing marked indias engagement with the region before the cold war, delhi appeared too timid since the 1990s.
while the politics of the region evolved, delhi seemed to be tied down by the past.
consider, for example, delhis persistent tendency to view the region in terms of the conflict between israel and arab states.
there is a perception that modis visit to palestine is part of delhis perceived need to find a balance between the two relationships, especially after the pm traveled to israel last year.
the purported de-hyphenation of indias ties with israel and palestine has not reduced the compulsion of seeing the two relationships as tightly interlinked.
this seems at odds with what is happening in the region.
israel, which once embraced shah reza pahlavis iran to balance the arabs, is now partnering the sunni arabs to defeat the growing influence of shia iran.
it also collaborates with the conservative arab regimes in fighting the sunni extremists.
meanwhile, the sunni monarchies that traditionally looked to the united states to ensure their security, are taking matters into their own hands to shape the regional security architecture.
troops backed by saudi arabia and the uae are battling groups backed by iran across the region.
that the conflict between iran and the sunni muslims today is stronger than that between arabs and israel hardly makes an impression on the indian debate.
navigating the multiple internal contradictions of the middle east has never been easy for external powers.
india may not need a formal look west policy to realise the new opportunities in the region if delhi views the middle east on its own merits, pays sustained political attention, and delivers on the indian economic and security commitments made at the highest levels.
canadian defence minister harjit singh sajjan canadian defence minister harjit singh sajjanindia and canada will explore ways to deepen bilateral defence and security cooperation during canadian defence minister harjit singh sajjans seven-day visit here, beginning on monday.
sajjan will have wide-ranging talks with defence minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on a range of bilateral issues, particularly on ramping up defence and security ties.
i look forward to my first trip to india since becoming canadas minister of national defence.
this visit will further strengthen canada and indias bilateral defence cooperation, and expand our partnership in the security and defence sectors, he said, before leaving for india.
sajjan, a sikh, will also travel to amritsar, chandigarh and mumbai.
in punjab, sajjan will visit the golden temple and civil society organisations, while in chandigarh, he will inaugurate the new office of the consulate-general of canada.
in mumbai, minister sajjan will visit the mumbai port, and meet several business and industry leaders.
canadian high commissioner nadir patel said there is untapped potential in further strengthen ties between india and canada and sajjans visit provide the opportunity to delve on them.
minister sajjans visit is an ideal opportunity to highlight strong links between canada and india, and to boost our people-to-people ties.
there continues to be enormous potential for more cooperation in all areas of the bilateral relationship, patel said.
ahead of sajjans visit, punjab chief minister amarinder singh said he would not meet him alleging that the canadian minister is a khalistani sympathiser.
canada had termed the allegation as disappointing and inaccurate.
at present, the seating space at railway platforms is often inadequate compared to the number of people on platforms every day.
at present, the seating space at railway platforms is often inadequate compared to the number of people on platforms every day.
acting on an idea pushed by prime minister narendra modi, the railways plans to install at least one lakh stainless steel benches in 1,500 stations across the country.
the benches will sport the name of the local member of parliament, whose funds will be used, as sponsors of the project.
the tender for the one lakh benches, which will likely be floated next month, will be the single largest procurement of public furniture by a government utility in the country and is among the more ambitious moves by the railways to utilise mp local area development (mplad) funds to upgrade basic station amenities.
the prime ministers office has been monitoring the progress of this little-known idea, it is learnt.
with trains accounting for nearly 2.
5 crore passengers every day from all constituencies, the thinking, sources said, was that elected representatives should also contribute to help passengers as they wait for trains.
at present, the seating space at railway platforms is often inadequate compared to the number of people on platforms every day.
the cost involved in the project may not be much, sources said.
according to the ministrys assessment, a steel bench may cost between rs 12,000 and rs 30,000 depending on the size and specifications.
at present, the railways are considering four-seater and 10-seater circular benches.
read | surat railway station to be 3rd in country to have airport-like facilities: officialsto give the project a fillip, the railways has also adopted a novel 1+1 policy  for every bench an mp sponsors at a station in their constituency, the railways will install another bench at the same station and display mps name on it as the benefactor.
mps from across the political spectrum have been informed of this new policy decision.
sources said that mps who want the benches sporting their names could contact railway authorities with a pledge to sponsor.
it is believed that the job could be completed before march 2019 but the railways hopes to complete it earlier.
over the past year, the idea to utilise mplad funds for platform benches has not been as fast as the ministry had hoped with mps chipping in only in fits and starts.
around rs 14 crore has been collected so far for the benches leading the railways to take the central approach this time.
prime minister modi, for instance, gave rs 40 lakh from his mplad fund for 900 benches at railway stations like kashi and varanasi in his constituency, while union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has committed rs 25 lakh in her vidisha constituency.
finance minister arun jaitley has pledged 1,940 seats for stations in gujarat, from where he is a rajya sabha mp and water resources minister uma bharti gave rs 36 lakh.
congress president rahul gandhi, while agreeing with the idea, did not give money to railways.
instead, he got 68 benches procured for railway stations in musafirkhana, nihalgarh and gauriganj in amethi district of uttar pradesh from his lad fund.
trinamool congress mp sudip bandyopadhyay has committed rs 20 lakh for kolkatas suburban stations in his constituency.
instead of spreading the job across numerous tenders by zonal railways, the matter is being anchored in new delhi to ensure uniformity of design and other specifications.
there were also procedural issues like design approval from the railways research design and standards organisation from each zone.
this is also in line with the ministrys preference for bulk tenders to gain a possible price advantage.
a 29-year-old indian-american man was found dead in the us state of new jersey, an incident which the family has described as a personal issue.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted sunday that the indian consulate here has spoken to the father of the deceased in massachusetts.
he says this is a personal family tragedy.
more details were not immediately known.
our consulate in new york has spoken to the father of the deceased in massachusetts.
he says this is a personal family tragedy.
http://t.
co/6xvxcgmztx  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 5, 2017sources here said the cause of the death was still unknown and the medical examiners office was investigating the incident which took place in jersey city.
consulate officials have reached out to the deceaseds family in massachusetts and sources said the family has requested privacy, saying it is a personal family matter.
the sources strongly cautioned that the incident should not be seen as linked to a possible hate crime since all details are still not available and the family too has termed it as a personal issue.
b'pakistan may attend a key regional conference on afghanistan in india in a calculated move to offset efforts by the indian government to isolate the country following the uri teror attack, media reported on monday.
the heart of asia-istanbul ministerial meeting is scheduled to take place in the first week of december in amritsar in punjab.
pakistans participation was doubtful due to ongoing tensions and indian boycott of the summit of the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc) scheduled to be held in pakistan in november.
citing continuous cross-border terrorism from pakistan, india had announced that in the present circumstances it was unable to participate in the saarc summit in islamabad.
the express tribune reported that officials familiar with the development said that pakistan has no intention of following the footsteps of india by staying away from the heart of asia-istanbul conference.
there is a growing sense among the stakeholders that pakistan should attend the heart of asia-istanbul conference, said a senior government official on condition of anonymity.
the official pointed out that there was no point of boycotting the conference since it was about afghanistan.
as we have stated repeatedly that pakistan will support every endeavour that contributes towards peace and stability in afghanistan, he added.
however, it is unclear whether pakistan will send prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz or downgrade its participation at the conference.
the official said pakistans participation in the meeting would convey a loud and clear message to the world that unlike india, it was in favour of reaching out to its neighbours for bringing peace and stability in afghanistan.
foreign ministers from 14-member countries, including russia, china and turkey, are expected to attend the day-long conference meant to discuss the current afghan situation and possible initiatives the immediate and extended neighbours of afghanistan could undertake to restore long-term peace and stability in the war-torn country.
senior officials from 17 supporting countries, including the united states, will also participate in the meeting to be jointly presided over by afghan president ashraf ghani and prime minister narendra modi.
the heart of asia-istanbul process was established in 2011 at the initiative of afghanistan and turkey.
its main objective is to foster efforts for regional cooperation and connectivity with a view to promoting long-term peace and stability as well as progress and development in afghanistan.
pakistan hosted the last ministerial conference in december last year which was also attended by indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
notably, the afghan regional conference last year had helped pakistan and india to revive their stalled peace process after the meeting between aziz and swaraj on the sidelines.
swarajs direction came after the family of mohammed mansoor hussain, a resident of malakpet in hyderabad who holds an mba degree, reached out to her through twitter and told her that they are very poor and cannot afford a lawyer for him.
(source: express photo) swarajs direction came after the family of mohammed mansoor hussain, a resident of malakpet in hyderabad who holds an mba degree, reached out to her through twitter and told her that they are very poor and cannot afford a lawyer for him.
(source: express photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday asked indian embassy in riyadh to keep her informed about the case of a 32-year-old man from hyderabad being sentenced to one years imprisonment and 300 lashes by a saudi court after being convicted in a robbery case.
swarajs direction came after the family of mohammed mansoor hussain, a resident of malakpet in hyderabad who holds an mba degree, reached out to her through twitter and told her that they are very poor and cannot afford a lawyer for him.
watch what else is in the newspl do not worry.
our embassy is doing everything, swaraj replied to the tweet.
right.
pl keep me informed about this case, she told the indian mission in riyadh.
as per reports, hussain is lodged in wadi al dawasir jail in saudi arabia.
he had been working as a marketing auditor at abdel hadi abdullah al qahtani and sons limited in riyadh since 2013.
hussains family claimed on august 25 last year he had gone to a bank to deposit nearly one lakh saudi riyal when he was allegedly robbed by some miscreants.
when he went to a police station to lodge a complaint on the advice of his boss, he was taken to custody.
according to reports, he has been sentenced to one years imprisonment and 300 lashes.
(file photo) sushmaswaraj swaraj said, i have talked to families of srinivas kuchibhotla and deep rai, and have also raised these issues with highest authorities in us.
the united states authorities including president donald trump have strongly condemned these incidents.
watch videosafety and security of indians is our top most priority, the minister said.
in lok sabha, swaraj also quoted the letter of srinivas kuchibhotlas wife to indian ambassador to the us in which she had written, all help extended to me in time is deeply appreciated.
kuchibhotla was killed and another person was injured in a suspected hate crime at a bar in kansas last month after an american navy veteran adam purinton allegedly opened fire on him and his friend alok madasani.
before shooting, purinton had shouted terrorist and get out of my country.
after almost a week of the incident, the us had assured india of working with all agencies to ensure speedy justice to the indian-american victims of bias-related incidents.
pakistan said it welcomed russian president vladimir putins intention to play a role in helping resolve its bilateral differences with india.
pakistan said it welcomed russian president vladimir putins intention to play a role in helping resolve its bilateral differences with india.
pakistan said today it welcomed russian president vladimir putins intention to play a role in helping resolve its bilateral differences with india.
foreign office spokesman nafees zakaria during a weekly briefing was asked that reportedly during his meeting with prime minister nawaz sharif on the sidelines of sco summit, putin offered mediation between india and pakistan to resolve their issues.
pakistan welcomes unsc permanent member russias attention and intention to play a role in this longstanding issue on the unsc agenda, he said.
zakarai said putin was a world leader and a statesman and pakistan would extend a very warm welcome to him when he decides to visit the country.
talking about ties with russia, zakarai said pakistan-russia relation was following a positive trajectory.
both sides have signed defence agreement, held joint military exercises and russia is investing usd 2 billion in south-north gas pipeline project.
there is tremendous scope for enhancing ties further, particularly in political, economic and trade, energy, defense, culture and education fields, he said.
zakarai said there was a growing realisation and concern among the regional countries and the un on the threat to peace in the region due to indian unprovoked hostility on the loc and working boundary.
indian attempts to distract the world attention from the brutalities its occupation forces have unleashed on unarmed kashmiris have endangered peace and security in the sub-continent and beyond, he alleged.
to a question about external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs statement that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj), he said pakistan was a sovereign country and reserves the right to take up any matter at any forum it deemed appropriate.
as for kashmir, it is an internationally recognised dispute and outstanding on the unsc agenda.
pakistans position is consistent that we call for an early implementation of the relevant unsc resolutions on kashmir, which promise the right of self-determination to the kashmiri people under a un supervised plebiscite, he said.
she also said the government was adopting all possible means for his quick and safe release.
the minister said that the wild rumors being spread about any harm done to the priest were totally baseless.
the church delegation, which met swaraj on saturday afternoon, expressed deep concern and distress over the fate of uzhunnalil, whose whereabouts are not known even 29 days after his abduction.
there have been some unconfirmed reports he was killed by militants.
uzhunnalil, a salesian priest, was kidnapped in yemen on march 4 during a raid on a nursing home run by mother teresas missionaries of charity, the washington times reported.
swaraj has categorically assured the delegation that uzhunnalil is safe and that the government is adopting all possible means for his quick and safe release.
the honorable minister further said that the details of the negotiations and the technicalities involved with the negotiations cannot be divulged now, as it would endanger the process of the release, a statement from the catholic bishops conference of india (cbci), the apex body of the catholic church, said.
the bjp today sought to put at rest speculation over whether narendra modi will campaign in karnataka,maintaining that the gujarat chief minister hadmade it clear that he will be at their beck and call and conduct a whirlwind tour to help bjp retain power.
on persistent speculation on whether modi would give a pass to the campaigning as the bjp government was dogged by corruption charges and dissidence within the party,president rajnath singh,karnataka chief minister jagadish shettar and senior leader ananth kumar issued a quick rebuttal.
singh spoke via video conference from the national capital after a private jet carrying him,sushma swaraj and arun jaitley on their way to address a rally here to kick-offpartys campaign for may 5 elections,landed under emergencyconditions at delhi airport with the trip being cancelled.
referring to media reports which suggested that modi and party stalwart l k advani might stay away from campaign,he categorically said these were untrue and all the central leaders would travel to karnataka to address public meetings.
on how many days modi would spend in karnataka for campaigning,ananth kumar quoted him as saying,its not a question of how many days.
i will conduct whirlwind tour to bring back bjp to power in karnataka.
modi jis social media team deserves full marks for being ahead of the curve.
modi jis social media team deserves full marks for being ahead of the curve.
from speaking to students from ahmedabad, chennai, pune, varanasi, bhubaneshwar, bengaluru and other parts of the country (you should think of a software where the aptitude and interests of a student can be mapped from his childhood, so that his parents and he/she can keep filling in such a form through the years and it will soon be easy to see what his interests and strengths are) to speaking to the shree cutchi leva patel samaj in nairobi to greeting the nation on the occasion of good friday and hanuman jayanti and many, prime minister narendra modi has had another interesting week.
its interesting to see how much he packs together in the space of seven days.
by now we know that his social media team is on top of his daily calendar, as that of the nation.
it is believed the pm clears a handful of tweets every morning, personally, that will be published through the course of the day.
for example, the good friday tweet :on good friday we recall the courage and compassion of lord christ.
he dedicated his life to serving others and removing injustice, pain as well as unhappiness from society.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) march 30, 2018with considerable consternation among indias christians at the manner in which the government has attempted to rebrand its major festivals  from christmas to good governance day, for example  the pms message on good friday was important.
as was on easter, today :happy easter!
i hope this special day strengthens the bonds of unity, peace and brotherhood.
may the noble thoughts and ideals of lord christ motivate people to serve and bring a positive difference to society.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) april 1, 2018strangely, though, the pms twitter timeline on easter morning, only has a photograph of him meeting a sage in saffron clothes with a message in kannada  theres no translation of who, what, where, when and why.
for a savvy social media team like the one the pm has, this is a mild twitter disaster.
so google translate zindabad !
the holy man in question is sri sri sri shivakumara swamiji, born 111 years ago on april 1, 1907, and the head of the sree siddaganga mutt in tumkur district in karnataka.
with do-or-die elections coming up in karnataka, it is interesting to see how both holy men and women are being aggressively wooed by both the bjp and the congress.
swamiji was given the karnataka ratna award in 2007 and the bjp government at the centre awarded him the padma bhushan in 2015.
meanwhile, the congress government in karnataka gave the powerful lingayat community minority status a few days.
in response, the bjp at the centre has now said that it will consider stripping the lingayats of the benefits of its scheduled caste status since it has now got minority status.
this so-called contradiction of minorities not being allowed to avail of benefits otherwise available to scheduled castes comes from a 1950 order, which said that people belonging to sc communities, or dalits, are hindus, and if they convert to another religion they will lose their dalit status, and thus its benefits.
(this was challenged later by sikhs and jains, upon which both communities were allowed to retain their dalit status and benefits.
but when dalit christians and dalit muslims also sought the same benefits, their applications were denied.
note, that this distinction doesnt apply to benefits given to certain muslim castes who are considered to be part of the obc list, for example the ansari weaver caste.
)but theres been nothing more interesting all week than the animated videos of none other than the prime minister teaching yoga.
the quality of the animation is superb.
modi ji himself on a yoga mat, in a larg-ish room with lots of windows  presumably his home on race course road in the centre of delhi.
seems on his mann ki baat programme on march 25, the pm gave the clarion call for a fit india  a movement to take the nation forward on the path of fitness and wellness.
seems the clarion call was made in response to one yogesh bhadresa who on the pms mygov site suggested the need for a mass movement to keep india fit and healthy.
that gave rise to your yoga guru, an animated version of pm modi.
in his sky-blue t-shirt and navy blue track pants, a trim-looking prime minister shows you the ropes.
there are two videos of two yoga postures so far  tadasana and trikonasana.
see this :tadasana has several benefits.
this video shows you how to practice it.
#fitindia #4thyogaday pic.
twitter.com/lqzrhtliqg  narendra modi (@narendramodi) march 29, 2018this trikonasana video on march 25, however, came first :amazed at the creativity of a few youngsters, who made 3d animated videos of me practising yoga!
sharing one such video, of trikonasana.
keep practising yoga for a #fitindia!
pic.
twitter.com/exji4elqih  narendra modi (@narendramodi) march 25, 2018of course, international yoga day, which mr modi has promoted enthusiastically since he came to power, is round the corner  and this fourth year, we hear that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sent a list of 20 shlokas to all indian embassies and high commissions all over the world to promote, along with yoga.
it is fitting the pm shares his fitness obsession on social media.
certainly, the world of animation  synonymous in the average viewers mind with walt disneys characters  has never had a real life character to play with, like this before.
modi jis social media team deserves full marks for being ahead of the curve.
the minister added that the release was possible thanks to the efforts of azar ah khan, the indian ambassador in libya.
joseph, who hails from keralas kozhikode district, used to work with the civilian registration authority in tripoli, the capital of libya, since 2014.
joseph lived in the war-torn country with wife sheeja, a nurse who works there, and three children.
the hindu reported that he was abducted by unidentified anti-government militia group near the capital city.
in april, swaraj confirmed josephs abduction and added that the indian government was making all efforts to secure his release.
the mi-4 transport helicopter was extensively utilised for heliborne operations by the india-bangladesh joint forces in the eastern sector confirming early defeat of pakistani troops in 1971.
(express photo by deepak joshi) the mi-4 transport helicopter was extensively utilised for heliborne operations by the india-bangladesh joint forces in the eastern sector confirming early defeat of pakistani troops in 1971.
(express photo by deepak joshi)india has handed over to bangladesh a mi-4 helicopter and two pt-76 tanks as part of the 1971 liberation war memorabilia.
the gifts are to be showcased at the bangladesh army and air force museums, a defence ministry spokesman said yesterday.
he said the helicopter and the tanks were part of gifts given by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during her bangladesh visit last year.
the memorabilia included 25 weapons like pistol, rifles, machine guns and mortars alongside a large number of artefact, historical photographs, archival audio and video clipping, maps and battle records related to the 1971 liberation war.
while most items of memorabilia have been handed over to the bangladesh national museum; the larger items ie pt-76 tanks and mi 4 helicopter are now being handed over to the bangladesh army and air force, indian high commissioner to bangladesh harsh vardhan shringla said.
the light amphibious pt-76 tanks were used by the indian armys armoured regiments in 1971 which played a crucial role in crossing rivers and water bodies during the war.
analysts said these tanks often outclassed a much larger force and technically superior m34 chafee tanks, used by the pakistani army in the war.
the mi-4 transport helicopter was extensively utilised for heliborne operations by the india-bangladesh joint forces in the eastern sector confirming early defeat of pakistani troops in 1971.
indian air force earlier gifted bangladesh one hunter jet fighter, one dakota transport air craft ahead of this helicopter while indias navy previously gifted memorabilia of its ins vikrant, models of ships that took part in the war and archival photographs and its army gifts included six 3.
7 howitzer guns.
india backed bangladeshs liberation war, which began after the sudden crackdown at midnight past on march 25, 1971 in the erstwhile east pakistan by pakistani troops.
on december 16, the same year as pakistan conceded defeat and its troops unconditionally surrendered in dhaka to the allied forces comprising the freedom fighters and the indian army.
b'foreigners, nris, single parents, live-in partners and homosexuals will be barred from having children through commercial surrogacy, if the bill cleared by the cabinet on august 24 is passed by parliament.
the draft bill also bars married couples who have biological or adopted children from opting for surrogacy.
only altruistic surrogacy will be allowed for needy infertile indian couples.
the bill aims to call a halt to the commercial exploitation of wombs that followed after surrogacy was legalised in 2002.
while accurate figures are tough to come by, rough estimates point out that some 2,000 infertile couples  foreigners and indian  hire the wombs of indian women to carry their embryos through to birth every year.
poverty, relatively low medical costs, skilled medical personnel and lax laws have made india a haven for those seeking surrogacy.
activists and social scientists have pointed out that women who rent their wombs are the most vulnerable and their socio-economic condition makes them susceptible to exploitation.
in 2014, in a controversial case, an australian couple was reported to have abandoned one of the twins it had through a surrogacy arrangement because it already had a child of the same sex.
the business is, therefore, in dire need of regulation.
seen this way, the bill is a significant attempt to plug a gap.
it proposes a penalty of rs 10 lakh and imprisonment of not less than 10 years for violations.
however, the ideological underpinnings of the draft are cause for concern.
we do not recognise homosexual relationships and live-in relations.
that is against our ethos, union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is reported to have said.
this when the supreme court, as recently as a month back, held that, live-in relations are now an accepted norm in society.
homosexuality, it is true, is criminalised in the country, but through a law enacted in colonial times and such criminalisation has rightly come in for sharp criticism from human and democratic rights groups  as well as all over the world.
making surrogacy an endeavour motivated by altruism is also fraught.
it uses the language of the organ transplant law whose pitfalls have been exposed by the frequent organ transplant scandals.
just as there are people who require organs, there are those who desire babies and are willing to pay for surrogates.
is the bill the best way to regulate the murky business that ensues?
there is some time before it becomes an act.
lets debate this out.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses the united nations general assembly high level meeting to launch the global pact for the environment, tuesday sept.
19, 2017, at u.n. headquarters.
(ap photo/bebeto matthews) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses the united nations general assembly high level meeting to launch the global pact for the environment, tuesday sept.
19, 2017, at u.n. headquarters.
(ap photo/bebeto matthews)the adoption of indias report to the universal periodic review of the un human rights council in geneva last evening, by consensus, hid more than it revealed to the public eye.
india blunted the criticism of member states by stating it had accepted 152 out of the 250 recommendations made to it in may, when indias third periodic report was reviewed.
as for the remaining 98 recommendations, india merely took note of them.
human rights worthies like china, the ivory coast, cuba, egypt, ethiopia, ghana, iran, iraq, kyrghyzstan, peoples democratic republic of laos and libya lauded indias efforts.
it was difficult not to notice the raised eyebrows in many parts of the room when the very democratic lao peoples democratic republic lauded freedom of religion in india!
estonia, the little baltic state which is currently president of the european council, was honest.
it welcomed indias decision to ratify the un convention against torture (cat), which india had signed in 1997.
india had made a similar commitment during the earlier second periodic review process in 2012.
only to forget it before the ink was dry.
the ratification of the torture convention is a major issue.
countries that had raised it in may included, germany, botswana, norway, the czech republic, bulgaria, greece, guatemala, italy lebanon, montenegro, mozambique, south africa, sweden, turkey, ukraine, the us, portugal, australia, japan, kazakhstan, israel, chile, burkina faso, the russian federation, denmark, indonesia, guatemala and sierra leone.
no western conspiracy this!
across the spectrum, north and south, the issue of rampant torture in india is an issue of concern.
estonia also called upon india to become a signatory to the rome statute which set up the international criminal court (icc).
latvia and uruguay had raised the issue in may 2017.
india is vehemently opposed to subject itself to the jurisdiction of the icc.
estonia also called upon india to ratify the optional protocol to the international convention on civil and political rights (iccpr), which calls for the abolition of the death penalty.
portugal, guatemala, ireland mozambique, greece, namibia, rwanda, belgium.
lithuania, italy, spain, australia, montenegro, timor-leste and france had raised it in may.
how many more countries will it take and how many more judicial killings will it take in india to prove that the killing of any human is wrong?
estonia also expressed concern about judicial delay and the attacks on freedom of expression in india.
this had also been raised earlier by ethiopia.
it also raised the issue of constriction of space for civil society.
canada, sweden, pakistan, switzerland, had referred to it in may.
another baltic state, lithuania and a member state of the european union made similar calls to india.
many other country statements were not made orally yesterday due to paucity of time.
of interest was the statement of the national human rights commission (nhrc).
it was a vastly improved statement than the one made in may.
though the nhrc claims it differs from the home ministry on the proposed deportation of rohingya refugees, it is yet to intervene in the supreme court.
and yesterday, home minister rajnath singh launched another diatribe against them.
the nhrcs accreditation to the global alliance of national human institutions (ganhri) is coming up in mid november 2017.
kenya and slovakia had urged india to sign and ratify the refugee convention and conventions of statelessness of 1954 and 1961 in may.
some of the key recommendations made by countries that were merely noted  in un jargon, india can no longer reject recommendations, it can only take note of them  related to anti conversion laws.
the holy see had requested that india strengthen efforts to guarantee freedom of religion to everyone in this worlds largest democracy.
italy, germany, netherlands, amongst others, said india must abolish anti-conversion laws with relation to religions or make the legislation less vague.
meanwhile, only in august, the bjp-ruled state of jharkhand, passed a new anti-conversion law.
a number of countries focused attention on the need to repeal the armed forces special powers act (afspa) and expressed concern about the excessive use of force by security personnel  switzerland, slovakia, france, peru, greece, pakistan and sierra leone among others.
while, germany, norway, republic of korea, the us and the czech republic all called for amendment of the draconian foreign contribution (regulation) act.
india must start dealing with these issues with political will, as the international community is unlikely to let up scrutiny of its human rights record.
eman ahmed, after her first laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy surgery, is able to sit.
(source: dr muffazal lakdawala) eman ahmed, after her first laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy surgery, is able to sit.
(source: dr muffazal lakdawala)the egyptian woman, estimated to be the heaviest globally, underwent her first bariatric surgery at saifee hospital in mumbai in a process termed laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy.
the procedure involves reducing the stomach by 75 per cent and leaving behind a narrow sleeve of the stomach for digesting food.
she is now on oral fluids and accepting them well.
the future course of action for the medical team working on her will be to correct all her associated medical problems, and to get her fit enough to fly back to egypt as soon as possible, a spokesperson said.
watch | worlds heaviest woman eman ahmed expresses desire to meet salman khanweighing an estimated 500 kgs, eman (36) was flown to mumbai in a special cargo aircraft in february to undergo medical treatment for weight reduction.
her body mass index then was 252, ten times higher than normal mark.
she measured 151 cms in width while the hospitals lift was only 141 cms wide, making it impossible to carry her to an operation theatre.
in the last month, doctors put eman on a high protein and fibre diet to reduce water retention in her body.
water accounted for 70 to 100 kgs of her total weight.
since her arrival, she has lost 120 kgs due to strict 1200-calorie per day diet doctors kept her on.
on tuesday, doctors conducted the first bariatric procedure on eman, although the amount of weight reduced is yet to be assessed.
we will attempt to reduce at least 200 kgs in the first six months, dr muffazal lakdawala, bariatric surgeon treating the alexandria based woman, said.
doctors are also awaiting emans genetic test results to understand if a genetic disorder might be responsible for obesity.
there is no history of obesity in her family, inclining the doctors to suspect a genetic mutation may be responsible for the uncontrolled weight gain.
in last 25 years, eman was unable to move out of her house.
for last two years she was restricted to her bed due to paralysis attack and complete loss of mobility.
according to doctors, she was put on anaesthesia and operated upon in an over two hour surgery.
the surgery went uneventful, the spokesperson said.
she is currently recuperating in post-operative care.
timelineoctober 2016: doctors in mumbai started studying emans medical condition after her sister shaimaa approached them for treatmentdecember 2016: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj aided in facilitating medical visa for eman to visit indiafebruary 10: eman was placed in a special bed crafted by egyptian artisans, lifted using a crane and placed in special cargo planefebruary 11: eman arrived in mumbai at 4 am and reached saifee hospital in an hour and half truck rideby february end: eman had lost over 50 kgsby march 7: she had lost over 120 kgs.
she underwent surgery on tuesday.
b'bjp today termed as a cold blooded murder the death of sarabjit singh following a brutal assault on him in a high-security pakistani jail.
it is a cold blooded murder.
this is not the way civilised nations behave, bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj wrote on microblogging site twitter.
singh died of cardiac arrest in a lahore hospital in the wee hours today after being comatose for nearly a week following a brutal assault by fellow inmates in lahores kot lakhpat jail.
sharif and pak army chief general bajwa discussed the icj letter.
(source: file photo) sharif and pak army chief general bajwa discussed the icj letter.
(source: file photo)a day after it acted on an indian petition and asked pakistan to put on hold the execution of kulbhushan jadhav, the international court of justice (icj) at the hague announced it will hold public hearings on may 15 in the case of the retired indian navy officer who was convicted of espionage charges by a pakistani military court.
the hearings will be devoted to the request for the indication of provisional measures submitted by india, the icj said in a release.
earlier in the day, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and army chief general qamar javed bajwa discussed the icj letter to pakistan while sartaj aziz, advisor to the prime minister on foreign affairs, said they were analysing the indian petition and the icjs authority in the case.
pakistan army spokesman major general asif ghafoor told reporters that jadhavs sentencing by a military court was done after due process of law.
if the icj requests pakistan anything about jadhav, then the government of pakistan will respond to it at an appropriate level, ghafoor said.
he said the process is continuing within the army over the courts decision on jadhav.
he did not, however, explain the process.
new delhi said it had taken the decision to approach the icj after careful deliberation to save the life and ensure justice to a son of india  a phrase used by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj after jadhavs sentencing was announced.
gopal baglay, spokesperson for the ministry of external affairs, said the issue of jurisdiction is for the icj to decide, and cannot be decided by anyone else.
in an order late tuesday night, icj president ronny abraham had written to the pakistan government: in my capacity as president of the court, and exercising the powers conferred upon me under article 74, paragraph 4 of the rules of court, i call upon your excellencys government, pending the courts decision on the request for the indication of provisional measures, to act in such a way as will enable any order the court may make on this request to have its appropriate effects.
the urgent communication from the icj to pakistan government was made public on wednesday night.
the mea spokesperson refused to go into more details, saying he cannot disclose privileged communication between the icj and pakistan.
jurisdiction issue is not for me to decide.
it is for icj to decide, they have admitted application and initiated action.
i would again refer you to article 74 and 73 which enjoin action on the president of icj forthwith.
jurisdiction is a matter of any court.
like in any national or country court, if the first challenge is jurisdiction, then the court will consider it.
it is within the competence of the court.
not within my or your competence to pronounce ourselves on the jurisdiction, the mea spokesperson said.
articles 73 and 74 come under incidental proceedings of the rule of icj, which deals with interim protection.
baglay pointed out that jadhav was in illegal detention in pakistan and his life was under threat.
he said india had made 16 requests for consular access to jadhav but there was no response from pakistan.
islamabad had also not responded to indias request for papers  chargesheet, court documents, evidence etc relating to jadhavs case.
there was also no information on the status of appeal by jadhavs family against the order of the military court which sentenced him to death.
baglay said swaraj had written to sartaj aziz on april 27, requesting visa for jadhavs family.
so, in this situation where life of an indian who was kidnapped and is in illegal detention and was not given a fair trial and about whose well-being our concern persist, what we have done is approach icj in these circumstances.
this is for a consular matter, he said.
sadhguru jaggi vasudev (photo- wikimedia commons) sadhguru jaggi vasudev (photo- wikimedia commons)spiritual leader and isha foundation founder sadhguru jaggi vasudev will lead a yoga session at the un on the occasion of the second international yoga day next month.
the international yoga day will be commemorated on june 21 and this years focus will be on the theme of yoga for the sustainable development goals.
indias permanent mission to the un said sadhguru will lead the yoga session at the international yoga day in the premises of the world bodys headquarters.
the first international yoga day was commemorated at the un with aplomb last year, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj leading the celebrations along with un secretary general ban ki-moon, spiritual guru sri sri ravi shankar and us congresswoman tulsi gabbard.
ban and his wife had joined hundreds of students and yoga practitioners to perform asanas and mediate during the event.
apart from the yoga day commemoration by the indian mission in the un, several events have been planned across the city by various organizations.
us president donald trump.
us president donald trump.
ever since billionaire business mogul donald trump took oath as the 45th president of the united states, there have been a number of violent incidents reported against indian nationals in the country.
heres a brief account of some of the incidents that have occurred since january:1) february 27, kansas bar shooting: an indian engineer was killed and another was injured after an american navy veteran opened fire on them at a bar in kansas city.
the accused adam purinton, reportedly referred the victims srinivas kuchibhotla, and his colleague alok madasani as terrorists and yelled get out of my country, before opening fire on them.
an american, ian grillot also got injured in the shooting after he attempted to snatch the gun away from the shooter.
2) march 6, sikh man shot in washington: a 39-year-old sikh man, deep rai was shot by a partially masked man outside his shop.
according to witnesses, the man approached him after which an argument broke out between the two during which the man yelled, go back to your country and opened fire.
rai sustained non-life threatening injuries in his arm.
3) march 6, gujarati businessman shot dead in south carolina: two weeks after kansas bar shooting incident, a nri businessman of gujarati origin, harnish patel, was shot dead in lancaster, south carolina.
patel ran speedee mart in lancaster.
he was on his way home from the shop when he was shot by an unknown assailant.
the investigators have yet to discover the culprit behind the crime and are still investigating the potential motives behind the shooting.
4) march 18, red robin racial attack: a 54-year old american jeffrey allen burges was charged with hate crime for assaulting an nri and hurling racial slurs.
the incident occurred on november 22 (just two weeks after trump won the elections) at a red robin restaurant in pittsburgh.
according to police, burgess was sitting next to ankur mehta at the restaurant where he started yelling at him and then hit his head with his elbow yelling, i dont want you sitting next to meyou people.
5) march 25, sikh-american racially abused: while travelling on a subway train to a birthday party in manhattan, rajpreet heir, a sikh-american girl was racially abused by a white man.
the man mistook her from middle east and shouted go back to lebanon and you dont belong in this country.
6) march 31, sikh doctor receives death threats: amandeep singh, a sikh-american, received death threats from an anonymous caller.
singh, works as a general internist at monroe hospital in indiana, received a message from an unknown person, who claimed he had murdered the numbers previous owner.
according to a leading hate crimes researcher, there has been an increase of hate crimes in at least nine us metropolitan areas since the 2016 presidential campaign.
the california researcher brian levin also said that biased crimes motivated by religion, race and ethnicity increased in some of the cities after the november 8 election.
srinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansas srinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansasthe wife of indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla, who was shot dead in an apparent hate crime by a navy veteran at a bar in olathe city, has said that she had her doubts about staying in the us but was assured by her husband that good things happen in america.
speaking at a news conference organised by gps-maker garmin where srinivas worked, sunayana dumala said reports of bias in the us make minorities afraid as she questioned do we belong here.
she said she now wonders what will the us government do to stop hate crimes against minorities.
dumala said she was concerned about shootings incidents in america and had doubted whether they should stay in the country, but her husband said that assured her saying that good things happen in america.
consul general of india in houston anupam ray is supervising the current situation and providing all possible help for the grieving family and the community in olathe area of kansas.
immediately when the incident occurred, consulate rushed deputy consul rd joshi and vice consul h singh to kansas to be with the family of srinivas at this trying moment, ray told pti.
ever since, they have been with the family of srinivas and have assured sunayna of all possible support and help at this grieving moment, he said.
consul joshi also met the shocked and frightened indian community in olathe and alok madasani injured in the shooting on wednesday night.
madasani is now stable and has been discharged from the hospital.
a third person, an american man identified as ian grillot, 24, who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing at austins bar and grill in olathe in kansas city in the us state of missouri.
a university of kansas hospital spokeswoman said he is in fair condition.
the incident evoked outrage in the us and india with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing shock over the incident.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family, she said in a tweet yesterday.
the shooter, adam purinton, reportedly got into an argument with the victims in the terms of racism, and shouted get out of my country, terrorist before shooting them.
he reportedly provoked them into an argument asking about their presence and work in his country, and how they are better than him.
according to police, purinton left the bar after the argument and then returned with a gun and shot the three men.
he was arrested on thursday, five hours after the incident and charged with one count of premeditated first-degree murder and two counts of attempted premeditated first-degree murder in johnson county, kansas, district attorney stephen howe told reporters.
howe, however, declined to elaborate on the motive of the incident, although local police said they were working with the fbi to investigate the case.
the fbi was looking at whether it was a hate crime.
an fbi spokesperson said agents and police canvassed the area on thursday and the investigation continued yesterday.
some eye-witnesses have said the attack was racially motivated.
one bystander told the kansas city star that the gunman shouted get out of my country before shooting the indian victims.
grillot said in a recorded interview on thursday that the bullet went through his right hand and into his chest, just missing a major artery but fracturing a vertebra in his neckthe shooting incident comes at a time when hate crimes and acts of bigotry have risen notably in america after president donald trump came to power.
according to garmin, kuchibhotla and madasani worked in the companys aviation systems.
unfortunately, two associates on our aviation systems engineering team, srinivas kuchibhotla and alok madasani, were shot.
we are devastated to inform you that srinivas passed away and alok is currently recovering in the hospital, garmin said.
kuchibhotla and madasani hailed from hyderabad and warangal respectively.
kuchibhotla posted on linkedin in 2014 that he managed helicopter programmes.
he had a masters degree in electrical and electronics engineering from the university of texas at el paso.
he earned his bachelors degree from the jawaharlal nehru technological university in hyderabad.
a 2014 post on linkedin said madasani was an aviation programme coordinator manager at garmin.
if jayalalithaas death and sridevis can receive carpet coverage stretching into endless days, why did 39 dead indians have to vie for space with the opposition?
if jayalalithaas death and sridevis can receive carpet coverage stretching into endless days, why did 39 dead indians have to vie for space with the opposition?
many unrelated events and issues this week, so do forgive a somewhat haphazard column without a phantom thread lacing it together.
if news channels must be partisan, can they be a little more sophisticated about it  not in your face?
on wednesday, after it minister ravi shankar prasad accused the congress of using cambridge analytica, news x was all fired up: data theft singes congress, it headlined, raga rattled.
but #votefixingscam on republic, and cong-bjp brainwashing you?
on times now suggested what sreenivasan jain on ndtv 247 explained: that cambridge analytica claimed to have worked with both national parties.
and then theres mosul.
the death of 39 indians, confirmed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lok sabha, tuesday, got times now and news x stiff with self-righteousness.
for them, netagiri over death and how the opposition trivialises death by allegedly shouting slogans during swarajs announcement, were the key takeaways.
they deplored the morally bankrupt congress at the lowest point in indias polity (times now)  it cant get more shameful (news x).
really?
others went to mosul: abp, aaj tak, replayed old coverage of mosul.
abp interviewed a bangladeshi in mosul in and about 2014 when the indians went missing and showed us what it claimed was the grave where the indians were buried; aaj tak had its reporters mosul visit last year.
cnn news 18 interviewed harjit masih the man who escaped mosul to tell the tale of how the indians had died but was contradicted by the indian government.
meanwhile, the likes of ndtv india, republic, spoke to the bereaved families shocked to learn of the deaths from tv.
while reporters/anchors like meetu jain (india today) questioned the governments actions on the mosul tragedy, by evening channels like times now and republic went after the congresss lingayat card in karnataka, deploring the party of deplorables in debates.
it saddens and puzzles you: if jayalalithaas death and sridevis can receive carpet coverage stretching into endless days, why did 39 dead indians have to vie for space with the opposition?
congressman kapil sibal was pretty deplorable too.
at the congress plenary discussion on the media, he said the party should give a commitment that when in power it would act against those who had misused the media (durupyog).
rajeev gowda deplored the lack of courage of the media and randeep surjewala said that journalists were loud speakers not answer seekers.
all journalists should be very, very worried about a future congress government, notwithstanding rahul gandhis promise to protect the media, during his plenary session speech.
that speech was hard-hitting and once again underlined that the reluctant politician in rahul is someone of the past.
better than her speeches, sonia gandhis rare media interaction with aroon purie at the india today conclave in mumbai was highly watchable.
she was relaxed and fairly honest: asked about giving advice to prime minister narendra modi, she was taken aback: i wouldnt dare advise him.
why did she not become pm in 2004?
i was aware of my limitations.
coalition partners for the congress in 2019?
difficult, because at the ground level we are opponents.
zees sudhir chowdhury is not known as an answer seeker of the bjp.
so it was a pleasant surprise to see him quiz bjp president amit shah on the bypoll losses, going so far as to suggest that there was a touch of arrogance (ahankar) in the party, prompting shah to testily remark that his questions seemed prompted by the congress!
shah had interviews with times now and india today too where he blamed rahul gandhi for everything.
what else is new?
surjewala was wrong: tv news anchors across channels do seek answers but some seek them from only the opposition.
however, after the bjps bypoll defeat, especially in gorakhpur, sonias dinner for opposition leaders, the tdps withdrawal from the nda, a possible no-confidence motion in parliament, got even times now, republic and news x wondering whether the khichdi coalition (times now) might lead to a modi mukt india?
are the times now a changin?
want something weird?
the opening episode of a new tv series, bepanah (colors), ends with the car accident death of a man and a woman  married to another woman and man.
the police extricated the injury-free bodies from the remains of the vehicle and laid them out under white sheets.
when the respective spouses cradle their bodies, they find that they are still firmly holding hands  huh?
want some good tv?
the handmaids tale is just a remote switch away: margaret atwoods dystopian novel adapted so well for television, seems to tell the story of us, now (axn).
the trump administration is planning to end the obama-era rule under which spouses of h1-b visa holders are given work permit or h-4 visa, a move that could affect more than 70,000 such visa holders.
a significantly large number of these h-4 visa holders are high-skilled professionals from india.
this is not just for h-4, i am also talking about h1-b visa as well.
we are making a three-pronged effort to save these visas.
this has yielded results as 130 members of parliament, both congressmen and senators, have written a letter to trump asking him not to revoke h-4 visas, stating that the american economy will be jolted by it, she said.
we are trying our best to save h1-b visas, h4 visas.
but america is a sovereign country.
ultimately they have to decide.
how successful we will be, will be decided in the future.
but i assure the country from this platform that we would not spare any effort, she said.
the h-4 visa holders had obtained work permits under a special order issued by the previous obama administration.
indian-americans were a major beneficiary of this provision.
more than 100,000 h-4 visa holders have benefited from this rule.
the 2015 rule allowed work permits for spouses who otherwise could not be employed while h-1b visa holders seek permanent resident status  a process that can take a decade or longer.
b'controversial bureaucrat p j thomas on monday opposed the petition in the supreme court seeking his removal as central vigilance commissioner saying he was a person of impeccable integrity and became a victim of political battle.
in his affidavit,the cvc expressed gratitude to the apex court for giving him opportunity to respond to the allegations made against him.
thomas,who was appointed as cvc on september 7 last year,was issued notices on petitions filed by ngo,centre for public interest litigation (cpil) and some other eminent persons including former chief election commissioner j m lyngdoh against his appointment.
the cvc in his affidavit has taken identical stand like the centre that no statutory norms were violated in his appointment.
central vigilance commissioner p j thomad said he has become a victim of political battle.
the affidavit filed through advocate wills mathew maintained that thomas was an outstanding officer with impeccable integrity and he is a victim of a political battle.
thomas response came against the backdrop of a notice issued by a bench headed by chief justice s h kapadia on december 6 last on various petitions challenging his appointment as cvc despite having been chargesheeted in the palmolein oil import case in kerala.
the petitioners argued that thomas cannot not be considered as a person of impeccable integrity as he was chargesheeted in the palmolein import scam when he was a secretary in the kerala ministry of food and civil supplies and had secured bail from the local court.
it was also alleged that he was appointed against the procedure despite opposition from leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj who was part of a three-member committee also comprising prime minister manmohan singh and home minister p chidambaram.
the pils said he could not be appointed cvc on account of conflict of interest as till recently he was serving as secretary in telecom ministry and there was allegation that he was involved in the cover-up of the 2g spectrum scam,which,according to the petitioners,has caused a loss of rs 70,000 crore to the state exchequer.
however,cag in its report has stated that there was a presumptive loss of rs 1.
76 lakh crore.
later,during the hearing of 2g spectrum scam,the government informed that thomas has recused from supervising the cbi in its investigation in the case.
b'a casket of one of the 38 victims being loaded onto an iaf aircraft in baghdad on sunday.
(ap photo) a casket of one of the 38 victims being loaded onto an iaf aircraft in baghdad on sunday.
(ap photo)a special plane carrying the bodies of 38 of 39 indians, who went missing in mosul in june 2014 and whom the government recently declared dead, is expected to land in amritsar on monday.
on sunday, minister of state for external affairs v k singh left for iraq to bring back the mortal remains of those killed.
the 39th body is not being brought back now since dna testing had only provided a 70 per cent match; the others have had more than 95 per cent match.
the minister left around 1 pm from hindon airbase and is expected to return with the bodies tomorrow, an official said.
from amritsar, singh is expected to go to patna, followed by kolkata, to hand over the bodies to relatives of the dead, official sources said.
the remaining 39 indians were taken to badoosh and killed, she had said.
read | in spite of mosul, punjab workers make beeline for iraqof the 39 who died, 27 are from punjab, four from himachal pradesh, two from west bengal and six from bihar.
the punjab government has deputed local bodies minister navjot sidhu to receive the mortal remains at the airport.
haryana food and civil supplies minister krishan kapoor and deputy commissioner, kangra (himachal pradesh), sandeep kumar will be present at the airport to receive the mortal remains of those from their state.
families of those killed in iraq in delhi.
(express file photo: renuka puri) families of those killed in iraq in delhi.
(express file photo: renuka puri)some of the family members of the victims said doctors and the district administration had advised them not to open the coffins and conduct the last rites immediately, within 15-20 minutes of bodies reaching homes.
the last rites will be performed under supervision of the district administration concerned in punjab and himachal pradesh.
we wanted to keep the remains for a couple of days because some of our relatives have to reach from faraway places, but the district administration has advised us that it would not be possible to keep the remains for long.
we have now planned to perform the cremation around 4 pm tomorrow, said surinder kaur, mother of gurdeep singh of jaidpur village in punjab.
parwinder singh, brother of kamaljit singh of chauni kalan village in hoshiarpur district, said, we have been advised to not even open the coffin.
though we understand the condition of the body wont be good, we will still request the district administration to allow us one last look.
asked about the request of the kin, a deputy commissioner from doaba region said, we are going strictly by the governments instructions.
meanwhile, a parliamentary panel standing committee headed by congress mp shashi tharoor has called a meeting on monday to deliberate upon the safety and security of indian workers in conflict zones.
the event was held annually till now.
she also said that there will be some theme-based sessions conducted in which the ministry of external affairs will invite about 12 people, including both the nationals and the non-resident indians.
an elaborate discussion will be conducted with them, she said.
the external affairs minister also said they would try to understand their experience during their stay here, quality of life abroad and reasons behind their decision to move outside india.
she further said, some of the themes for the upcoming sessions are being decided to be around role of diaspora in capacity-building and artificial intelligence and how diaspora gives back to india and their role with respect to the challenges in india.
as many as 10 sessions have been conducted till now, in a build-up to next years programme, which will be held in varanasi in january 2019.
swaraj also highlighted her efforts to ensure relief to indians who are living in distress in any corner of the world.
to help those indians who are stuck at various corners of the world has become my lifes aim, she said.
she was accompanied by ministers of state for external affairs mj akbar and vk singh.
swaraj also talked about the raahat operation, wherein 5,000 people, including over 1,000 foreigners were evacuated from yemen in 2015, according to ani.
recalling the genesis of the programme for the nris, the union minister said under the then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in 2003, the bharatiya janata party had thought to dedicate one day per year to the indians residing abroad.
mahatma gandhi was the most famous nri of india.
candidates in the poll bound hisar are now drawing on star power to perk up their campaigns.
tv actor and bjp mp smriti irani came to hisar on friday to campaign for the haryana janhit congress-bjp combine candidate kuldeep bishnoi.
a maha rally to be held on october 9 in bishnois support will see bjps top leaders including l k advani,nitin gadkari,sushma swaraj,navjot singh sidhu,shatrughan sinha and hema malini on the stage.
the indian national lok dal candidate ajay chautala is expecting a visit from his friend and bollywood star sanjay dutt also on october 9.
sources close to the family said that the actor would be in state for a private function,after which he may join chautala in active campaigning for the day.
actor amisha patel,a family friend of the chautalas,is also expected to campaign for him.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her american counterpart, secretary of state rex tillerson.
hours after a 39-year-old sikh man was injured in a shooting incident in kent city, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday spoke to the victims father and inquired about his health.
i am sorry to know about attack on deep rai a us national of indian origin.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh father of the victim.
he told me that his son had a bullet injury on his arm.
he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital, she said in a series of tweets.
watch video | diplomats open channels following several attacks on indian-origin people in usdeep rai was allegedly shot outside his home by an unidentified man while he was working on his car.
the man, who was wearing a mask, approached rai and entered into an argument before shooting him in the arm.
he allegedly told rai to get out of the country.
kent city police are investigating the incident and the consul general of india in san fransisco is also closely working with the authorities.
the shooting comes days after a businessman was found dead outside his home in south carolina.
the 49-year-old businessman, identified as harnish patel, reportedly died of bullet wounds.
i am pained to hear about the killing of harnish patel a us national of indian origin in lancaster, south carolina.
our consul has reached lancaster and met the family of harnish patel.
the investigation of the case is in progress.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family, she tweeted.
last month, two indian engineers were shot at by a 51-year-old navy veteran at a bar in kansas.
srinivas kuchibhotla, one of the victims, lost his life in the incident.
us president donald trump condemned the shooting in his first address before the congress.
b'mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)at least six statements by the centre, over the past four years, underlined that the 39 missing indians were alive and safe.
the news of their kidnapping by islamic state hit the narendra modi government barely weeks into its triumphant entry in the last week of may 2014.
it was a heady time when the new government had just taken over.
and these indian workers and their families had tried to contact the indian embassy in baghdad several times but to no avail, said a source familiar with the developments in 2014.
so the default position was that since there was no evidence to back claims of their death, they may still be alive.
read | indians killed in iraq: for 4 years, swinging between hope, despairno wonder then that when the indian embassy was informed that 40 indian workers were held hostage from early days of june 2014, syed akbaruddin, then mea official spokesperson, in a june 18 press briefing confirmed the information.
he had said the government had not received any ransom demands and that its main sources of information were humanitarian agencies.
consider the following statements:* june 23, 2014: akbaruddin said: we have again received a reconfirmation that indian nationals in captivity remain unharmed.
* july 25, 2014: minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swarajs response to points raised in a calling attention motion in the lok sabha on indians stranded in iraq and steps taken by the government was: as far as 41 captives are concerned, then i could say that we do not have direct contact with them, but i could say on the basis of some other sources that they are safe and alive and are also getting regular meals.
we should not believe rumours.
i have met their families several times.
on august 6, the indian express had first reported that an official of the kurdish government had said that they had information that workers, along with many other people were killed by dais (dawla islami, or islamic state) and their corpses were thrown into a giant deep hole in the sahaji area.
today is my sixth meeting with them.
every time they come, we apprise them with current efforts being made by us to get them released.
as i said before, till date we have no evidence if they are alive or dead.
but due to the efforts we are putting in, we have been informed by many sources that they are still alive.
and we believe that the information is true, so we are still searching for them.
family members of kulwinder singh, one of the victims, in jalandhar.
(express photo) family members of kulwinder singh, one of the victims, in jalandhar.
(express photo)* july 22, 2015: union minister of state for external affairs v k singh said, in response to an unstarred question in lok sabha, the safety and security of indian nationals held captive by the isis in mosul, iraq, remain a matter of foremost concern and preoccupation for the government of india.
the government of india is in close and regular contact with relevant iraqi government authorities to obtain information on their whereabouts and safety.
as per latest information from multiple third party sources, they are all safe.
the government is making all efforts and taking all steps to secure their release.
defending these statements, a source told the indian express, while the government was in the dark about these indians, it did not give up hope and kept trying.
among the steps taken to secure their release, swaraj had personally spoken to her counterpart foreign ministers in the gulf cooperation council (gcc) as well as other friendly countries in the region for assistance in locating indian nationals held captive in iraq.
the source said, we were clear that we do not want to declare them dead, unless there was incontrovertible proof about their death.
what would have happened if we had declared them dead, and even one person had appeared?
but, hopes were dashed soon after the fall of mosul in july.
when we did not get phone calls from any of them in july last year, after the liberation of mosul, we finally gave up hope.
that is when we started looking for their bodies in the mass graves and started collecting dna samples.
naina island.
source: google maps naina island.
source: google mapsfour indian fishermen were detained by the sri lankan navy near naina island on tuesday morning.
there boats were also seized by the navy personnel.
according to the report by news agency ani, all of them belonged to pudukkotai in tamil nadu.
the instances of indian fishermen being apprehended by sri lankan navy are not new.
around 70 fishermen were arrested 101 boats seized in recent incidences.
both india and sri lanka have been trying to resolve this issue for long.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held a high-level meeting on july 29 to discuss the problem with various stakeholders and find a permanent solution.
prior to that, sri lankan authorities had said that they will consult their fishermen before taking a decision on proposals by india of granting access to indian fishermen in sri lankan waters under certain conditions.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will address the 71st session of the united nations general assembly (unga) on september 26 in new york.
prime minister narendra modi will not attend the unga session for the first time in three years.
prime minister modi in 2014 presented the un summit his vision for indias foreign policy that decisively moved away from the vestiges of the polemics of the anti-colonial era while committing to promotion of global democracy.
he also pitched the creation of international yoga day, which was quickly adopted by the assembly.
he has focused on unga until now not just to project indias soft power, but also to elucidate the countrys position on terrorism and climate change.
in his speech at the unga last year, the pm had made a strong pitch for un reforms, saying, we must reform the united nations, including its security council, so that it carries greater credibility and legitimacy.
this years general debate will open on september 20 and will run through to september 26, when swaraj will address the annual high-level debate.
the unga will be significant this year as it will see the presence of over 150 heads of state or government and also because u.s. president barack obama is expected to hold a leaders summit on the global refugee crisis on its sidelines.
watch video: whats making newsaccording to the state department, the summit aims to jolt global commitment to increase funding to humanitarian appeals and international organizations, admit more refugees through resettlement or other legal pathways and increase refugees self-reliance and inclusion through opportunities for education and legal work.
according to the first provisional list released by the un, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif is scheduled to attend the general debate and address global leaders on september 21.
bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina and sri lankan president maithripala sirisena are also expected to attend.
b'senior ministers were deputed to brief the media and put the kashmir story in the correct perspective which was meant to be strictly off the record, which backfired when the broadcast minister ironically tweeted about the event.
(representative image) senior ministers were deputed to brief the media and put the kashmir story in the correct perspective which was meant to be strictly off the record, which backfired when the broadcast minister ironically tweeted about the event.
(representative image)prime minister narendra modi was annoyed by the negative media coverage on kashmir and felt that his ministers were not doing a good job of explaining the true facts to journalists.
four senior ministers, rajnath singh, arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj and venkaiah naidu, were deputed to brief the media and put the kashmir story in the correct perspective.
the meeting was meant to be strictly off the record, meaning that there could be no attribution of the sources.
the media the next day carried reports on the kashmir confrontation weaving in the data they had been provided, and attributed the background information to unnamed sources.
ironically, it was information and broadcasting minister venkaiah naidu who broke the cover by happily tweeting about the names of the ministers who had interacted with the media.
he even tweeted that he had met the pm to brief him on the interaction.
pre-poll movesthe bjp has decided not to reveal its hand about the presidential and vice-presidential elections due next year, until the up assembly polls.
while the nda is comfortably placed in the electoral college for vice-president, the election for president is still open.
the electoral college for president is much larger since mlas are also voters.
already some backchannel proposals are being floated.
the congress and cpi(m) might want to nominate vice-president hamid ansari.
since the aiadmk has some 50 mps, and around 124 mlas in the tamil nadu assembly, jayalalithaa would like to bargain with the nda.
she would give her support for the nda presidential nominee provided she gets a tamilian as vice-president.
the name making the rounds is that of m thambidurai, the present deputy speaker of the lok sabha, who is in his fifth term as mp.
out in the coldthat former chief minister anandiben patel is out of favour with the powers that be in delhi is clear from the fact that she has not been made a state governor and continues as an ordinary mla.
with the backing of bjp president amit shah, the new chief minister, vijay rupani, is in the process of undoing several appointments made by his predecessor.
three promotee ias officers in key positions in surat, gandhinagar and morvi, all patels, are reportedly the first slated to be transferred.
all were close to anandibens daughter anar.
bonanza for bookin 2012, jayesh shah, a resident of ahmedabad, wrote a book in gujarati claiming that narendra modi had made many tall claims and he wanted to expose them.
the book, titled feku, did not create much of a ripple.
but two years later, when modi became prime minister, the author changed the title and got it translated into english.
the english title of the book was bluff-master now in delhi.
with the uttar pradesh assembly elections round the corner, the book may get a new lease of life.
it is being translated into hindi, and uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav wants to place an order for a huge consignment to be distributed in up villages.
a bjp worker in gujarat approached the gujarat high court for a ban on the book, but his plea was dismissed.
summarily ejectedthe media wing of the rajya sabha, which handles accreditations and passes to journalists covering the upper house, has been treated in a cavalier manner.
its spacious office on the ground floor of parliament, next to the staircase, was a permanent fixture for many decades.
some time ago, the office was shifted to a small poky room to the rear, next to the post-office, which appeared to be a cordoned-off passageway.
there was not enough place for journalists to stand, let alone sit.
now even this tiny room has been snatched away to make space for the personal staff of a senior official.
those summarily ejected from the room have been left to fend for themselves.
even furniture, including cupboards with important files, are lying out in the open.
indian fareat the g20 meet in hangzhou, china, the host government made arrangements so that prime minister narendra modi could eat indian food, which he is accustomed to, rather than chinese meals where vegetarian fare is sometimes suspect.
sudhir mittoo, the manager of tandoor, an indian restaurant in shanghai, was flown in to ensure that modi got indian meals of his taste, including kadi and pakoras.
the only chinese preparation on the menu was stir-fried vegetables.
incidentally, mittoo was a male model and actor in india in the 1980s.
pm narendra modi.
(file photo) pm narendra modi.
(file photo)the people of kerala should elect the bjp to play the role of a strong umpire to prevent the congress and cpm from looting the state, prime minister narendra modi said in his first election rally in kerala on friday.
modi said the people of kerala are educated, experienced and simple, but they dont understand the perfect scientific arrangement of the congress and cpm to loot the people.
accusing the congress-led udf and cpm-headed ldf of making a deal to loot kerala by turn every five years, the prime minister said, their business is such that there is no umpire in assembly.
to save kerala, bjp should be the umpire.
we will not allow them to loot kerala.
pointing at the crowd, he said, i havent seen such a large crowd during my previous functions in kerala.
this huge gathering is an indication that a third force would rise in the state assembly.
palakkad is the only municipal council in kerala ruled by bjp.
the party has fielded sobha surendran to take on the congresss shafi parambil and cpms n n krishnadas.
stating that the bjps aim is development of the state, modi said the nda should be given a chance.
in his 20-minute address, modi also highlighted what his government has done for the state in the last two years.
recalling the centres intervention to evacuate nurses from kerala stuck in strife-torn countries, he said, last year, when our daughters who had gone to work as nurses in gulf countries, were abducted by terrorists, we could not sleep peacefully.
(external affairs minister) sushmaswaraj swaraj worked day and night to get them backand we could save them.
he pointed out that the government took steps during the terror attack in yemen to bring indians back home, and a priest abducted by taliban in afghanistan was rescued after nine months.
further, when i got a chance, two persons from kerala  suresh gopi and richard hay  were nominated to rajya sabha.
modi recalled his governments intervention during the recent fireworks tragedy in kollam: within three hours, the government (centre) came rushing to the spot with expert doctors.
taking a dig at the oommen chandy government, he said, look at kerala, the government was nowhere to be seen when a dalit girl was raped and murdered.
he blamed cpm for the violence in kerala.
cpm knows only the language of violence.
they killed our workers as they cannot fight us ideologically, he said.
referring to the insult meted out to a college principal in palakkad on her retirement day by making a symbolic grave, modi said, we respect teachers.
but communists dug a grave for a teacher on the day of her retirement.
will you forgive them?
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she tweeted, we have secured the release of 5 indians from kerala jailed in togo.
good work by indian mission in accra and consulate in togo.
we have secured the release of 5 indians from kerala jailed in togo.
good work by indian mission in accra and consulate in togo.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 1, 2017the five indians, who are employees of a merchant navy firm, were in jail since 2013 for their suspected involvement in a piracy attack off the coast of togo.
they were sailing on board a ship from mumbai to south africa when they were arrested.
the external affairs minister has in the past been appreciated for her timely interventions and speedy responses on social media, making her one of the most followed politicians on twitter.
b'pakistan high commissioner to india abdul basit (source: pti photo) pakistan high commissioner to india abdul basit (source: pti photo)amid the cacophony of busy traffic on mathura road and birds chirping in the lawns of the foreign correspondents club of south asia, pakistan high commissioner abdul basit stirred a hornets nest.
in a moment of candour, rarely displayed by serving envoys, basit said that, according to him, the bilateral dialogue process is suspended.
well, what he said is correct.
lets look at the facts.
a week after the pathankot attack, the indian government announced that the two foreign secretaries had agreed to reschedule their imminent meeting to the very near future.
the expectation was that it would be held shortly  since neither side wanted to lose the momentum generated by prime minister narendra modis surprise visit to lahore on december 25.
so, after the initial furore over the terror attack would die down and pakistan showed some concrete action against the pathankot planners and plotters, it was expected that the two sides would convene the meeting of the foreign secretaries and move forward on the comprehensive bilateral dialogue process  which was announced by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in early december on the sidelines of the heart of asia conference in islamabad.
the understanding was that the nsas would deal with the investigations on the pathankot terror attack but wouldnt let them spill over into the bilateral dialogue process.
in that sense, it would be insulated from the ups and downs of the relationship.
but, almost three months down, there has been no movement on the foreign secretary-level talks.
in fact, foreign secretary s. jaishankar had linked terror and talks in early march at the raisina dialogue, when he said that in the aftermath of a terror attack, if you ask me what is the priority, dealing with terror or diplomatic dialogue, then the answer is obvious.
this was the only occasion when the indian government had drawn a link between talks and action against those who carried out the terror attack.
in the last three months, each time the indian foreign ministry was asked about the foreign secretary-level talks, the spokesperson would state its position that the two sides were in touch with each other.
basit broke away from the diplomatese and stated the facts upfront.
he did not mince his words, and called a spade a spade.
basits other point about reciprocity when it comes to the nia teams visit to pakistan is where he is off the mark.
on at least two occasions during his interaction on thursday evening, he repeated the same argument that the investigations are about cooperation and not reciprocity.
it was a carefully chosen distinction that he drew.
the indian side has hit back that the terms of reference  mutually agreed before the pakistan joint investigation teams visit  were for a reciprocal visit.
this was conveyed by the indian high commission to the pakistan foreign ministry before the jit visited.
so basit is wrong to eliminate the notion of reciprocity.
having said that, the pakistan envoy is a consummate diplomat and is depending on wordplay.
his insistence on cooperation in investigations does not rule out a reciprocal visit by the nia.
so, in his carefully worded comment, he has left the door ajar.
but why has the pakistan envoy stirred the pot?
the answer lies in the recent turn of events in pakistan and at the un.
kulbhushan jadhav, the alleged r&aw agent who was recently arrested in balochistan, is seen as a prize catch by the pakistan agencies and the government machinery.
while for years, india vehemently refuted islamabads claims on r&aws activities inside pakistan, islamabad  and rawalpindi  have now got what they perceive to be clinching evidence.
in the battle of perception on the global platform, islamabad  which in recent years linked the samjhauta blasts with the mumbai terror attack  has now found a new tool in its kit.
this was evident from the fact that jadhavs case was cited by the pakistan envoy in his opening remarks, which set the tone for the media interaction on thursday.
also, with beijing blocking indias bid to designate jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar as a terrorist at the un, islamabad once again feels emboldened.
this has led to a situation where basit is articulating what the military and security establishment in pakistan wants him to say.
that has led to a situation where the pakistan high commissioner is both right and wrong.
shiv sena on monday said it would field candidates in bjp-ruled gujarat,where assembly elections are due by the year-end,indicating fissures in the two-decade-old saffron alliance.
shiv sena will contest the upcoming gujarat assembly election.
we are making preparations in this regard, party spokesperson sanjay raut told reporters here.
raut,however,did not say how many of the 182 assembly seats the party will contest in gujarat.
the announcement comes a day after sena patriarch bal thackeray said senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj was a great choice for the pms post.
sena is an ally of bjp in maharashtra and also at the national level,where it is part of the nda.
b'ravi shankar prasad has denied bjps links to cambridge analytica.
(file photo) ravi shankar prasad has denied bjps links to cambridge analytica.
(file photo)the international storm over cambridge analytica, a facebook associate, which was involved in a breach of user information to allegedly influence polls in the us and the uk, has spilled over into the indian political arena as a war of words between bjp and congress continued for the second day.
even though cambridge analyticas indian partner ovleno business intelligence (obi), owned by amrish tyagi, son of senior jd(u) leader kc tyagi, lists bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website, all the parties said it did not engage the data firm in elections.
who said what over the cambridge analytica controversy:bjp trying to divert from iraq issue with this: rahul gandhicongress president rahul gandhi said the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from the killings of indians in iraq as it was caught lying on the issue.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul gandhi tweeted.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 22, 2018randeep surjewala slams it ministercongress communications in-charge randeep surjewala hit out at pm modi and union minister ravi shankar prasad, saying, hitler had an associate called goebbels, modi ji has an associate called ravi shankar prasad.
bjp govt has become a manufacturer of fake news.
sabse bade data chor macha rahe hain sabse zyada shor (the biggest data thieves are making the most noise).
also read: cambridge analytica row live updatesjd(u) leader kc tyagi on sons link and cas role in 2010 bihar pollsjd(u) leader kc tyagi said there was only a work relationship between his son amrishs company and cambridge analytica and there was no financial transaction.
there was only a work relation between my son amrishs company and cambridge analytica, there is no financial transaction or shareholding, everything is open to probe.
jd(u) also has no links with this, neither did they promote us in 2010 polls, tyagi said.
defending party chief nitish kumar, tyagi further said the bihar chief minister never met the ceo.
jd(u) has no relation with cambridge analytics.
neither has its ceo ever met nitish kumar nor me.
jd(u) is a socialist outfit and we stay away from such things, except for prashant kishore helping us during last assembly polls, tyagi added.
how to check which apps have access to your accountrjd leader tejashwi yadav takes a dig at bjpwading into the row, bihar former deputy cm tejashwi yadav said since bjps popularity on facebook was declining, they were challenging its ceo mark zuckerberg.
as bjps popularity is going down on facebook, they are challenging facebooks owner that he can be summoned.
the government should tell us that if they have powers, why cant they summon nirav modi, lalit modi and vijay mallya, yadav asked.
hitting out at jd(u) for denying links with cambridge analytica, yadav said, bjp is in the client list of the company, run by kc tyagis son.
jd(u) general secretarys son is involved and jd(u) is saying that we do not know anything, the rjd leader said.
harsimrat kaur badal alleges rahul gandhi has links to cambridge analyticaunion minister harsimrat kaur badal on thursday hit out at rahul gandhi over his allegation that the government invented a story on data theft by the congress to divert attention from the death of 39 indians in iraq, saying it showed his hollowness.
this shows his (gandhis) hollowness and childishness.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wanted to make a statement in the lok sabha on the deaths of the 39 indians missing in iraqs mosul, but the congress party (members) created noise, not allowing her to speak, badal said.
the sad member said gandhi was attacking the centre to cover up congress links to cambridge analytica.
this showed how in desperation rahul gandhi joined hands with such companies and to run away from this, such baseless allegations are being made, badal added.
b'senior bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj,arun jaitley and anant kumar were today released from custody by the jammu and kashmir authorities after which they launched an attack on the state government for stopping their yatra to unfurl the national flag in srinagar.
besides 200 bjp activists,those released by the jammu and kashmir police included bharatiya janta yuva morcha (bjym) chief anurag thakur and shanta kumar.
after thakur was released along with other activists and dropped at madhopur in punjab in police buses after the flag hoisting functions were over,swaraj and jaitley were released by the deputy inspector general of police gareeb dass from hallmark hotel where they were under house arrest.
soon after their release,the bjp leaders slammed the state government for detaining them and thwarting their yatra.
omars offer was a mere lip service.
on one side,he stops the hoisting of tri-colour in srinagar and gives a moral boost to separatists and on the other,he invites us for tri colour hoisting function.
now that the function is over,they have released us.
she said the ekta yatra has come to end with hoisting of the tri-colour on january 26.
thakur,after being released along with bjym activists hoisted the tri-colour at police training college (ptc) at kathua,where they were kept after being arrested by the police in violation of prohibitory orders during rashtriya ekhta yatra at lakhanpur  the gateway to kashmir.
alleging that jammu and kashmir authorities did not treat their activists well,thakur said they were not provided with proper beddings and were shivering during the night.
our activists were deliberately maltreated.
amid high drama,bjps flag yatra was stopped at the lakhampur border of jammu and kashmir yesterday and its three senior leaders arrested.
kulbhushan jadhav.
kulbhushan jadhav.
four days after a pakistan military court sentenced former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav to death on charges of being a spy, a pro-balochistan organanisation, american friends of balochistan (afb), organised a candlelight vigil in washington on friday to protest against the sentence.
the protesters, comprising people from baloch, indian, afghan and jewish communities, called on the international arena to stop jadhavs execution at the hands of pakistan.
also read | pakistans dossier on karachi network has little evidence to link kulbhushan jadhav to terrorspeaking to news agency ani, one of the protesters, ahmar mastikhan said, i strongly condemn pakistan military for giving death sentence in a military court.
it is a violation of international law to try someone in a military court.
kulbhushan was arrested in iran and transported to pakistan.
now, they are saying that he was supporting the freedom of balochistan.
read | kulbhushan jadhav death sentence: new delhi says go slow on visas for pak nationalspakistan on monday announced its judgment to give death sentence to jadhav, after the military courts investigation revealed that he was working as a spy for indias research and analysis wing (r&aw) agency.
the judgment has further escalated tensions between the two south-asian nations, with india declaring it will treat the hanging as premeditated murder.
pakistans top generals, on friday, said they will not be making any comprises on jadhavs sentencing, in spite of threats issued by india.
also read | who is kulbhushan jadhav?
all you need to knowjadhav, 46, was arrested in march last year in balochistan by pakistan authorities.
the pakistan army had also released a confessional video of jadhav after his arrest in which he accepted that he was working as an indian spy.
india had acknowledged that jadhav had served with the navy but denied that he has any connection with the government.
b'from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shake hands after a meeting in moscow, russia, monday, april 18, 2016.
(source: ap) from left: chinese foreign minister wang yi, russia foreign minister sergey lavrov and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shake hands after a meeting in moscow, russia, monday, april 18, 2016.
(source: ap)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj may have been applauded by many indians for her impassioned speech on monday, warning against chinas obstruction of efforts to have jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar designated a terrorist by the united nations security councils 1267 committee.
if we continue to adopt double standards in dealing with terrorism, swaraj warned, it will have serious consequences.
the minister may well be right  but no one in india should have any doubt her efforts are fated to fail.
faced with a growing tide of fighters from the troubled xinjiang to jihadist groups, china sees itself as a frontline state in the fight against islamist violence.
newly captured records bear out that perception: until the end of 2014, chinese-origin volunteers were the second-largest group of non-west asians in the islamic state, after russians.
in addition, china faces substantial threats from xinjiang-origin jihadists operating from afghanistan and pakistans northwest.
ensuring pakistans intelligence services remain on its side is essential, as beijing sees it, to containing the threat from across the karakorum  and blocking indian efforts to nail azhar is a very small favour to an important partner.
there can be no doubt that chinas position is entirely unprincipled, lacking even the smallest fig leaf of rational justification.
there can be no doubt, either, that china isnt about to change its mind.
new delhi, though, needs to be clear-eyed about just how little the international sanctions regime is actually worth before deciding how to respond.
un sanctions against the lashkar-e-taibas parent organisation, the jamaat-ud-dawa, after 26/11 havent forced pakistan to shut down either its military infrastructure or charitable operations.
the utter bankruptcy of the global sanctions regime put in place after 9/11 is no more graphically illustrated by the fact that its principal target, al-qaeda, today controls far greater territory than it did then.
there are more than a few important lessons india ought to be drawing from this unhappy saga.
but one stands out: un resolutions arent going to make india more secure.
delhi needs to focus on growing the countrys counter-terrorism capacity and building smart alliances with countries facing the same enemies, like afghanistan.
the post-9/11 world is a lot like the world before it, unprincipled and unscrupulous.
but india has to work in the world as it is, not the world it would like to be in.
tarishi, a student of economics at university of california in berkeley, was in dhaka on a vacation.
tarishi, a student of economics at university of california in berkeley, was in dhaka on a vacation.
indian high commissioner to bangladesh, harsh vardhan shringla, said on monday that new delhi is grateful to prime minister sheikh hasina for her gesture shown to 19- year-old indian tarishi jain and other victims of the gulshan terror attack.
shringla said that prime minister hasina met with the families of all victims.
she met the families of police personnel, who died.
and i think this is quite unexpected extraordinary gesture considering the pre-occupation the prime minister faces at this point of time, but i think she made a point to express condolences and solidarity with the victims of this terrorist attack.
and all i can say is that on behalf of my country we are grateful to her for the gesture, said shringla.
watch video: last rites of dhaka terror attack victim tarishi jain observedshringla said the body of slain indian hostage tarishi jain has been flown to new delhi.
i have just been to the airport to see off our daughter tarishi.
she has left bangladesh and gone back home with her parents.
prime minister sheikh hasina told me that she is deeply distraught with what happened, he said.
tarishi, a student of economics at university of california in berkeley, was in dhaka on a vacation.
she was at gulshan cafe with two other friends where she was killed in a terror attack.
shringla further said that prime minister hasina has also expressed condolence to her indian counterpart narendra modi.
bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina wanted me to convey condolences to our prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and she said that we will be resolute in the fight against terrorism, he added.
prime minister hasina paid homage to the victims of the gulshan attack at the army stadium in banani on monday, where people from all walks of life were present to pay homage to the victims in solidarity.
nine italians, seven japanese, one indian, one bangladeshi american and two bangladeshis were killed in the terror attack at holey artisan bakery in gulshan on friday night.
in addition to 20 people, two senior police officers-banani police station officer-in-charge salauddin ahmed khan and detective branch assistant commissioner robiul islam were killed, while trying to rescue the hostages.
the 12-hour-long hostage crisis at the cafe, popular with foreigners, ended after a two-hour long assault by armed forces commandos killing six gunmen.
one assailant has been held by the security forces.
though islamic state has taken responsibility for the attack, the bangladesh government clearly rejected the claims and said the attack did not have any link with any international terrorist organization and it was homegrown.
the bangladesh authorities even blamed pakistans isi for the attack.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is leading a 12-member delegation that is in rome to attend the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa, on saturday met indian diaspora and talked about various welfare efforts of the government for community members abroad.
swaraj met the indian diaspora at a reception hosted by indias ambassador to italy anil wadhwa.
the external affairs minister mentioned welfare efforts for diaspora, assisting indians in distress and the evacuations the government has conducted, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
for the indian principle is based on the saying: ekam sat, vipra bahuda vadanthi  the truth is one, the wise call it as many, she said.
she thanked indian diaspora for coming, not just from rome but from naples, florence, milan, swarup said.
apart from the central government delegation, two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee respectively were also in rome to attend the ceremony that will take place tomorrow.
swarajs delegation comprises of minister for food processing industries harsimrat kaur badal, lok sabha mps prof k v thomas, jose k mani, anto anthony and conrad k sangma and deputy chief minister of goa francis dsouza.
others include judge of supreme court justice kurian joseph, eminent lawyer harish salve, secretary general of catholic bishops conference of india theodore mascarenhas and k j alphons.
secretary (west) in the ministry of external affairs sujata mehta is also part of the delegation.
in march, pope francis had announced that mother teresa, who founded the missionaries of charity, will be elevated to sainthood after the church recognised two miracles attributed to her after her death in 1997.
photo for representational purpose.
source: sikh coalition via twitter photo for representational purpose.
source: sikh coalition via twittera 39-year-old sikh man living in washingtons kent city was allegedly shot outside his home by a masked stranger on friday when he was working on his car.
according to the victim, the attacker was six-foot tall and was covering the lower half of his face with a mask.
he alleged that the man told him to go back to his country before shooting him in the arm.
watch video | diplomats open channels following several attacks on indian-origin people in usthe victim has been identified as deep rai, a us citizen, news agency ani reported.
the injuries were reportedly non-life threatening.
the city police, acting swiftly, asserted that they are treating this as a very serious incident.
the consul general of india in san francisco is also reportedly in touch with local authorities.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday spoke to the victims father and inquired about his health.
i am sorry to know about attack on deep rai a us national of indian origin.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh father of the victim.
he told me that his son had a bullet injury on his arm.
he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital, she said in a series of tweets.
us envoy to india, marykay carlson also condemned the incident.
saddened by shooting in washington.
as us pres said we condemn hate and evil in all its forms,' she said.
meanwhile, members of the sikh community suspect that rai was victim of a hate crime.
it looks like a hate crime, we are talking to authorities,the community is very concerned, a san francisco resident told ani.
taking cognizance of the matter, kent police commander jarod kasner said: with recent unrest and concern throughout the nation this can get people emotionally involved, especially when (the crime) is directed at a person for how they live, how they look.
the attack comes just days after a 43-year-old indian-origin businessman harnish patel was found dead in his yard with bullet wounds in south carolina.
in another incident, two indian engineers were shot at by a 51-year-old navy veteral in a bar in kansas.
srinivas kuchibhotla, one of the victims, lost his life in the incident.
we have rescued 10 indians with the help of (the) nigerian navy, she tweeted.
the minister said the indian bulk carrier, genco maximus, was hijacked with 11 indian crew members by pirates off the ivory coast on february 13.
on our request the ship was followed by ghana and nigerian navy, she said, adding that efforts were on to rescue the 11th indian and a pakistani crew member from the pirates.
gopal baglay said, there is no meet scheduled as of now between pm modi and pm sharif.
(source: ani photo) gopal baglay said, there is no meet scheduled as of now between pm modi and pm sharif.
(source: ani photo)the ministry of external affairs on wednesday said prime minister narendra modi can meet chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana in kazakhstan.
there is a possibility of a bilateral meeting between pm modi and chinese president, at sco astana, but nothing is confirmed as of now, ani quoted mea spokesperson gopal baglay as saying.
the two leaders are scheduled to meet amid growing differences between india and china over a host of issues including the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) and nsg.
on indias sco membership, mea said, trade, connectivity, energy, banking and fight against terrorism are the main areas of cooperation.
earlier in the day, modi met top cabinet ministers including sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh and nitin gadkari.
the sco summit, being held on june 8-9 in astana, is special for india as it would be formally admitted into the china dominated six-nation grouping along with pakistan.
china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan and uzbekistan are its full members till now.
and, afghanistan, belarus, india, iran, mongolia and pakistan have observer status.
the admission of india and pakistan will enlarge scos footprints for the first time to south asia from central asia.
after astana, modi and xi are also expected to meet at the g20 summit to be held next month in germanys hamburg, followed by brics summit to be held in chinas xiamen in september.
rakesh siddaramaiah (source: facebook/ rakesh siddaramaiah fan club ) rakesh siddaramaiah (source: facebook/ rakesh siddaramaiah fan club )karnataka chief minister siddaramaiahs eldest son rakesh breathed his last in brussels, belgium on saturday, according to ani.
rakesh passed away at belgium university hospital due to multiple organ failure.
he is survived by wife and two children.
the 39-year-old was supposed to contest elections from his fathers varuna constituency in the next karnataka assembly elections.
rakesh had fallen ill while touring in belgium and was hospitalised at belgium university hospital after he complained of severe stomach pain after which he was admitted to the hospital.
he was diagnosed with acute pancreatitis and was undergoing treatment for the same.
the karnataka chief minister had refused to divulge any details about his sons ailment when asked on friday.
he had sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs help to seek treatment of his son in a hospital in belgium.
read: karnataka cm siddaramaiahs son rakesh passes awaytwitter poured in with condolences for the family, evoking reactions from prime minister narendra modi, bhartiya janta pary karnataka chief b.s. yeddyurappa and indian cricket team coach anil kumble among others.
my thoughts are with siddaramaiah ji & his family on the demise of his son.
may god give the family strength to bear the irreparable loss.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) july 30, 2016heard the shocking news of demise of rakesh siddaramaiah.
deepest condolences to sri siddaramaiah and other family members.
@cmofkarnataka  b.s. yeddyurappa (@bsybjp) july 30, 2016my heartfelt condolences to @cmofkarnataka siddaramaiah on the loss of his son!
my prayers for him and his family.
anil kumble (@anilkumble1074) july 30, 2016saddened by the tragic news of the demise of sh rakesh siddaramaiah.
my heart goes out to @cmofkarnataka ,his family and loved ones.
r.i.p  naveen jindal (@mpnaveenjindal) july 30, 2016i join every kannadiga in praying for the departed soul of shri rakesh siddaramaiah.
my thoughts go out for @cmofkarnataka & his family  c.t.ravi (@ctravi_bjp) july 30, 2016@mvenkaiahnaidu may his soul rip   monu-bjp (@gunnersmonu) july 30, 2016extending her condolences to his father and karnataka chief minister, shri siddaramaiah, smt.
gandhi said  inc india (@incindia) july 30, 2016learnt about demise of son of siddaramaiah ji, may god give strength to the family to bear the unrecoverable loss.
@cmofkarnataka  kalraj mishra (@kalrajmishra) july 30, 2016i am deeply saddened by the news of rakesh siddaramaiah passing.
my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family sir @cmofkarnataka  vinay kumar r (@vinay_kumar_r) july 30, 2016my deepest condolences are with siddaramaiah ji @cmofkarnataka .
may the divine guide the departed soul of rakesh & bless his loved ones.
ss  sh.
suparno satpathy (@suparnosatpathy) july 30, 2016siddaramaiah, along with his family, was already in brussels.
according to reports, theyll come with rakeshs mortal remains will reach bengaluru on sunday.
b'prime minister narendra modi and his nepalese counterpart khadga prasad sharma oli before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
(source: pti) prime minister narendra modi and his nepalese counterpart khadga prasad sharma oli before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on saturday.
(source: pti)describing the acrimony between india and nepal in the last five months as misunderstandings, visiting prime minister of nepal k p sharma oli on saturday said his main mission behind the bilateral visit to india was to clear the misunderstanding and take ties between the two countries to the same level as in 2014, when prime minister narendra modi had visited nepal.
after the bilateral talks with modi, oli said, the misunderstanding that persisted in the last few months is no longer there.
i believe our relationship will greatly benefit from our discussions.
it is high time to look at india-nepal relations with a forward-looking approach in the interest of the two countries and their people.
while oli described nepals constitution as historic, modi called it a major achievement, and stressed that its success depends on consensus and dialogue.
with nepal pm listening, he said, the announcement of the new constitution in nepal came after decades of struggle there i appreciate the contribution of the political leadership and people of nepal for it but its success depends on consensus and dialogue.
i am confident on the basis of these principles and through political dialogue and by taking all sections together, you (oli) will be able to resolve all issues relating to the constitution satisfactorily and take nepal forward towards the path of development and stability.
while the two leaders described the document differently  showing the distance in the understanding of issues  foreign secretary s jaishankar said the nepalese pm has given assurances on issues pertaining to constituency delimitation and citizenship, and that india was confident these would be followed through.
oli is learnt to have assured that the pending issues would be addressed in a time-bound manner.
modi told oli that india has always wanted peace, stability and prosperity of nepal and that it would extend all possible help to ensure its all-round development.
the conversation took place weeks after nepals parliament passed two constitutional amendments which are expected to address the grievances of the madhesis and other minorities.
the long acrimony between india and nepal over the newly promulgated constitution had led to massive disruption of essential supplies to the himalayan nation, jaishankar said that olis visit was not a recriminatory one, but forward-looking.
on combating terrorism, modi said that it was clear that nepals stability is linked to indias security and the two sides agreed to fight growing extremism and terrorism.
we will not allow terrorists and criminals to use our open border.
in this regard, the security agencies of the two countries will intensify cooperation.
before the talks between the pms, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on oli.
the nepalese pm told her that his country is and will remain a reliable friend of india, and that he wanted to move forward in the relationship, which is not man-made but entirely natural and civilisational.
the two sides signed nine agreements, ranging from infrastructure to rail and road transit.
oli also thanked modi and people of india for spontaneous support in the aftermath of the earthquake.
b'myanmar state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi has expressed her desire to visit india during a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh.
(ap photo/aung shine oo) myanmar state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi has expressed her desire to visit india during a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh.
(ap photo/aung shine oo)myanmar state counsellor and foreign minister aung san suu kyi has expressed her desire to visit india during a meeting with minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh.
aung san suu kyi enquired about eams (external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs) health and mentioned that she is looking forward to visiting india, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said in his weekly media briefing on thursday.
giving details of the meeting that was held on july 26 in vientiane, laos, on the sidelines of various association of southeast asian nations (asean)-related meetings, swarup said that suu kyi and singh spoke about indias assistance to myanmar in various areas.
the minister of state conveyed government of indias willingness to strengthen democratic institutions in myanmar particularly with respect to training parliamentarians and to share our experience on federalism, centre-state relations, distribution of power and resources between centre and state and political reconciliation, he said.
he said that they also discussed the myanmar governments support for indias development projects such as the kaladan multi-modal transport project and the asian trilateral highway.
there was a specific discussion on india providing help to myanmar on rubberised roads for which a concept paper has been shared, the spokesperson said, adding that suu kyi conveyed myanmars interest in development projects and the role of indian consultants in these.
she also conveyed an interest in learning from indias experience in solar power and use of technology for using recycled waste matter in construction of roads, swarup said.
watch video: whats making newssuu kyi led the national league for democracy to a majority victory in the first openly contested elections in 25 years in november last year.
on april 6 this year, the 70-year-old nobel peace laureate assumed charge as state counsellor as she was constitutionally barred from the presidency after becoming the countrys first female foreign minister on march 30.
i have requested the external affairs minister to take it up with her pakistani counterpart on humanitarian ground and expedite the process to getting the body to india, he said.
i have requested the external affairs minister to take it up with her pakistani counterpart on humanitarian ground and expedite the process to getting the body to india, he said.
rajya sabha mp parimal nathwani has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up with her pakistani counterpart the issue of expediting the process of bringing home the body of a fisherman from gujarat, who died in a jail in the neighbouring country.
jeeva bhagwan bamnaiya, a native of khan village in gir somnath district, had died in a karachi jail on january 4, a day before 218 indian fishermen, mostly from gujarat, were released by pakistan government as a goodwill gesture.
i have written to sushmaswaraj swaraj ji yesterday after bamnaiyas wife vegiben approached me to take up the matter with the government, nathwani, who belongs to dwarka in gir somnath, told pti thursday.
the deceased was among the group of indian fishermen who were lodged in the pakistani jail and were released on january 5.
the family (of bamnaiya) is waiting for the body, so that they can perform the last rites.
i have requested the external affairs minister to take it up with her pakistani counterpart on humanitarian ground and expedite the process to getting the body to india, he said.
nepal has raised with india the issue of the killing of a nepalese man in alleged firing by indias border-guarding force and demanded a probe into the incident, the foreign ministry here said.
nepals ministry of foreign affairs, in a statement last night, condemned the killing of nepali national govinda gautam due to firing opened by the indian security forces at the nepal-india border near anandabazar in kanchanpur district.
the government of nepal has already taken up this matter with serious concern at higher diplomatic level of the government of india with a demand to investigate the incident and bring the guilty to justice, the statement said.
deputy prime minister and home minister bimalendra nidhi has also telephoned external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and raised the matter, media reports here said.
watch what else is making news:nepals government has also called for taking necessary steps to bring the situation under control so that no further untoward incident takes place in the said border area, the foreign ministry here said.
india has categorically denied that its border-guarding force sashastra seema bal (ssb) killed the nepali man at the nepal-india border and said there is a need to maintain calm.
the indian embassy here said yesterday that there was no incident of firing by the ssb.
india, however, has sought from nepal the post-mortem and forensic reports of the nepali national.
officials of two bordering districts of india and nepal met after the incident and agreed to maintain peace and order, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said in new delhi.
gautam, of kanchanpur district, was killed in alleged firing from the indian side at nepal-india border following a dispute over building a culvert over the sano khola river in kanchanpur district, kantipur television reported.
the slippers as available on amazon us.
(screenshot/amazon) the slippers as available on amazon us.
(screenshot/amazon)two days after amazons canada portal pulled down the listing of doormats depicting the indian flag after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs strong objection, the online company has put up another listing of slippers with mahatma gandhis face printed on it.
priced at $16.
99, these are listed on amazon.com as gandhi flip flops.
amazon has once again degraded an important indian symbol  that of the father of the nation  by placing it on slippers.
watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatssushma swaraj had last week taken strong objection to amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag.
she had asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
read | tricolour doormats: no visas, sushmaswaraj swaraj warns amazonfollowing her sharp rebuke, amazon indias vice president and country manager amit agarwal wrote to swaraj expressing regret at hurting indian sensibilities.
the minister also asked the indian embassy to take up the matter with amazon canada.
indian high commission in canada: this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level.
b'file photo of naresh agarwal.
file photo of naresh agarwal.
denied rajya sabha ticket by the samajwadi party, senior leader naresh agarwal joined the bharatiya janata party on monday.
upset at sp favoring jaya bachchan over him for the rajya sabha nomination, agarwal took a jibe at the actor-turned politician saying his old party had equated him with the somebody who used to dance in films.
while addressing the media at the bjp headquarters, in new delhi, the seven-time mla from hardoi constituency said, i have been compared with those who dance and work in films, in an apparent attack at the bollywood actor.
agrawals term as rajya sabha member is ending on april 2.
his remark, however, did no go down well with the leaders of his new party.
senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed agarwal on board but said his comment is not acceptable.
shri naresh agarwal has joined bhartiya janata party.
he is welcome.
however, his comments regarding jaya bachhan ji are improper and unacceptable.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 12, 2018this is perhaps not for the first time that agarwal has talked his way into a controversy.
from linking the names of hindu gods with alcohol to suggesting that former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav was a terrorist, he has always triggered row with his irresponsible statements.
here are some of agarwals controversial remarks made in the pastlynching debate: a massive uproar broke out in the rajya sabha last year when the sp mp linked the names of hindu gods with alcohol.
he narrated an incident in 1991 when he visited a school that was turned into a jail.
he said the names of some hindu deities linked to some types of alcohol were written on the wall of the school.
pointing towards the treasury bench, agrawal said these lines were written by your people.
read | denied rajya sabha ticket, naresh agarwal dumps samajwadi party for bjpbjp members, including ministers, demanded an apology from the sp member, shouting that they wont let anyone insult hindu gods.
parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said agrawal has hurt the sentiments of the majority population of the country.
triple talaq: naresh agarwal drew flak for calling muslim women demanding strict law against triple talaq as non-muslims and bjp supporters.
the muslim women who were present at the rajya sabha gallery to watch the triple talaq debate were termed bjp supporters by agarwal.
kulbhushan jadhav: agarwal created a political storm last year by equating former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav, who is in pakistan jail in alleged spying case, with a terrorist.
if pakistan has declared kulbhushan jadhav as a terrorist in their country, then they will treat him like one.
in our country also, we should treat terrorists in the similar manner.
terrorists have to be dealt strictly, agarwal had said.
he also went on to question the media, saying why it was only jadhav who was being given so much attention when there were so many other indians who are languishing in pakistani jails.
shakti mills gang-rape: agarwal sparked a controversy over the brutal mumbai gang-rape in 2013 after he said that women needed to pay attention to their clothes to avoid getting raped.
agarwal also said that women should not be too influenced by television.
i just said that laws cannot stop everything, even society will have to come forward.
despite the laws in the country, why arent cases of murder, loot and rape stopping in the country?
he later clarified.
read | rajya sabha polls: naresh agarwal joining bjp spoils sp, bsps numbers game; heres howthe films are showing such scenes which a father and a son cannot watch together.
the country should think whether we are ready to accept western culture or not.
we should also discuss the drawbacks of western culture, he added.
tehelka case: referring to the tehelka sex scandal and tarun tejpal case, agarwal said that companies are now scared of hiring women.
he added that womens revealing clothes were responsible for rape incidents to a great extent.
women should dress more appropriately so that they dont draw unwanted attention, he said.
the media talks only about sexual harassment but the flip side to this is that many organisations are now scared of hiring women employees, he added.
sexist remarks: in 2013, the political leader landed himself in trouble when he used a derogatory term for women while taking a dig at bjps then prime ministerial candidate and former gujarat chief minister narendra modi.
agarwal said, in my village, there is a saying that if you ask a **** for blessings, she will ask you to become like her.
similarly, the bjp is asking everyone to become like them.
national commission of women (ncw) sent a notice to the then sp leader to explain his indecent remark about women.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian high commission in pakistan about a man lodged in a jail there for the past 32 years.
quoting a story published on a website, swaraj on wednesday tweeted, i have asked indian high commissioner in pakistan to send me a report on this.
the website said singh has been languishing in kot lakhpat prison for the past 32 years.
a leader of imran khan-led pakistan tehreek-e-insaf party, azizullah khan, had asked singhs family to send documents related to appeal for freeing him, it claimed.
singh is believed to have ventured into pakistan while shepherding buffaloes in 1985 where he was arrested by pakistan rangers, it said.
though external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj only reiterated on thursday that india had avoided civilian and military casualties during the balakote air strike across the line of control, pakistan sought to use her statement to propagate their version of the attack.
major general asif ghafoor, the dg of pakistan armys inter-services public relations wing, tweeted, finally the truth under ground reality compulsions.
hopefully, so will be about other false indian claims ie surgical strike 2016, denial of shooting down of 2 iaf jets by paf and claim about f16.
better late than never.
finally the truth under ground reality compulsions.
hopefully, so will be about other false indian claims ie surgical strike 2016, denial of shooting down of 2 iaf jets by paf and claim about f16.
better late than never.
#truthprevails#pakistanzindabad https://t.
co/kim8cztdlj  maj gen asif ghafoor (@officialdgispr) april 18, 2019choosing non-military targets  in this case, jaish-e-mohammed-run terror camps  india had struck about 80 km away from the line of control in pakistans khyber pakhtunkhwa province on february 26.
foreign secretary vijay gokhale had then said the selection of the target was conditioned by indias desire to avoid civilian casualties.
the facility is located in thick forest on a hilltop far away from any civilian presence, he had said.
advertisingwatch eam sushmaswaraj swaraj say, no pakistani soldier or citizen died during balakot air strikeon thursday, sushmaswaraj swaraj only reiterated indias position that the attack was carried out in self-defence and avoided civilian and military casualties.
when we carried out air strike across the border after the pulwama terror attack, we had told the international community that we took that step in self-defence only.
we had told the international community that the armed forces were instructed not to harm any pakistani citizen or its soldier during the strike.
the army was told to target only the terror camps of the jaish-e-mohammad, which had taken the responsibility for the pulwama attack.
and our army did the same without harming any pakistani citizen or soldier, she had said.
the iaf had struck a jaish-e-mohammad terrorist training camp in pakistans balakot area on february 26, in response to the february 14 pulwama terror attack in which 40 crpf personnel were killed.
union minister, rajnath singh (file) union minister, rajnath singh (file)union home minister rajnath singh on tuesday said us withdrawal from the paris climate agreement had come as a shock for india and he believes america will rethink its decision on the climate change agreement.
singh, who was inaugurating a two-day national level conference on capacity building of state disaster response force-2017, said the step taken by us is a cause of concern not just for india but also for other nations.
the minister was quoted by pti as saying: the us presidents statement on paris agreement has come as a shock for us and the international community.
i am sure the us will rethink its decision.
while announcing us withdrawal from paris agreement, president donald trump on june 1 had said india had made its participation in the agreement contingent on receiving billions and billions and billions dollars in foreign aid.
the us president also said the deal was not tough on india and neighbouring china.
further talking about india, he added india would be allowed to double its coal productivity by 2020.
we signed it due to our commitment to protecting the environment india will continue to be part of it irrespective of whether the us remains in it or not.
us president donald trump had last week announced last week that the us will opt out of the paris climate accord as it cost the country in jobs and economy.
the president said that for him, america came first and he would enter the paris accord again only if the terms were negotiated to benefit the us.
b'prime minister modi is expected to hold nearly half a dozen bilateral meetings with leaders of other sco countries.
however, there is no official word on whether there will be any interaction between modi and pakistan president mamnoon hussain, who is scheduled to attend the meeting in china.
(pti photo/pib) prime minister modi is expected to hold nearly half a dozen bilateral meetings with leaders of other sco countries.
however, there is no official word on whether there will be any interaction between modi and pakistan president mamnoon hussain, who is scheduled to attend the meeting in china.
(pti photo/pib)prime minister narendra modi will hold a bilateral meeting with chinese president xi jinping on saturday on the sidelines of the sco summit during which they will take stock of the implementation of decisions taken at the informal summit just over a month ago in wuhan.
modi is expected to hold nearly half a dozen bilateral meetings with leaders of other sco countries.
however, there is no official word on whether there will be any interaction between modi and pakistan president mamnoon hussain, who is scheduled to attend the meeting in china.
the bilateral meeting with president xi would take place on june 9, while meetings with other leaders on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in qingdao were being finalised, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said at a media briefing here.
officials have said modi and xi are expected to take stock of implementation of decisions taken at their informal summit in wuhan.
among other issues, the sco summit is expected to focus on opportunities for cooperation among the member countries and the situation in the region, kumar said.
russian president vladimir putin is also expected to attend the summit.
modi had last month met putin in an informal summit in sochi.
the sco was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
india and pakistan became its members last year, and are participating as full members for the first time.
kumar, while talking to reporters after the briefing, said china appreciated prime minister modis speech at the shangri-la dialogue held in singapore last week.
this was conveyed by chinese foreign minister wang yi to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a meeting held on the sidelines of the brics foreign ministers meeting in south africa this week, he said.
this was also conveyed by chinas vice foreign minister kong xuanyou to foreign secretary vijay gokhale in a meeting held here, kumar said.
in his address at the shangri-la dialogue, modi said asia and the world will have a better future when india and china work together with trust and confidence while being sensitive to each others interests.
b'home minister p chidambaram and bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj were today locked in a verbal duel with the minister rejecting her claim that he had told the selection panel that cvc p j thomas was acquitted of charges in a corruption case.
reacting to swarajs statement that he had misled the three-member selection committee including them and the prime minister,chidambaram issued a strong statement saying actually she is tying herself in knots by making thoughtless allegations.
i take exception to the statement by sushmaswaraj swaraj that i had misled the selection committee and told the committee that thomas had been acquitted.
firstly,if no sanction for prosecution had been granted since 1999 against p j thomas (as admitted by her) how could the case have proceeded to trial or ended in an acquittal ofthomas?
secondly,if the supreme court had stayed the trial of the case (as admitted by her),is it not self-evident that thecase was pending and nobody could have been either acquitted or convicted?
he said.
the home minister said,i reiterate that the committee was aware of the palmolein case; that no sanction for prosecution of thomas had been granted since 1999; that the case was pending in the trial court; that the supreme court had stayed the trial of the case; and that the then cvc had granted vigilance clearance in respect of thomas.
(more) pti issuing the rejoinder once again most reluctantly,chidambaram requested swaraj to respect the rule of sub-judice and allow the supreme court to decide the case.
responding to his statement,swaraj termed as an after thought the ministers statement that he had not misled the cvc selection panel and his contention that she was making thoughtless allegations.
i have seen that (chidambarams) statement.
i have to only say that if he knew the case was pending it was the primary duty of the government to apprise the selection committee of that.
they did not do that, she told reporters.
all that he is saying are after thought these facts are absolutely irrelevant, she added.
it was i who brought this to the committee that there was a case and then he (chidambaram) said he (p j thomas) was acquitted.
last week,after attorney general g e vahanvati told the supreme court that material about thomas facing a chargesheet in the palmolein case was not not placed before the selection committee.
swaraj called it a lie and she had raised the issue and the committee discussed it.
minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swarajsending islamabad a tough message monday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj blamed pakistan for creating conditions unsuitable for any gesture by the prime minister or initiative by the indian government for resumption of the dialogue process.
she said no meeting has so far been scheduled between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana, kazakhstan on june 8-9.
but sources said that possibility could not be completely ruled out.
rejecting any flip-flop in the government policy on pakistan, swaraj, speaking to reporters on the three years of the modi government, said india is clear that it wants to hold dialogue, resolve all issues bilaterally without mediation from any third country, organisation or anyone else.
but at the same time, terror and talks cannot go together.
i had gone to islamabad for the heart of asia conference and had begun the comprehensive bilateral dialogue process ondecember 9 (in 2015).
but do those conditions, which existed on december 9, exist today?
she recalled modis sudden visit to lahore on december 25 that year, which was followed by the terror attack on the pathankot airbase, the arrest of former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav  who has since been sentenced to death by a pakistan military court  and pakistan hailing kashmiri militant burhan wani, killed by security forces last year, as a martyr.
the shimla agreement and lahore declaration are very clear on the kashmir issue that it can only be resolved bilaterally.
the two countries are bound by these bilateral agreements.
she also rejected claims by us president donald trump that india had signed the paris climate agreement to get billions of dollars.
what us president trump has said is not a reality we did not sign the paris agreement under any pressure, fear or greed for money.
we signed because of our commitment to the environment, our indian ethos.
whether the us remains part of paris accord or not, india will be part of paris pact.
we did not sign the agreement for financial benefits.
on the h1b visas, she said while nothing has changed so far in the us, there are concerns and new delhi is in touch with the us administration as well as lawmakers.
when the prime minister goes to the us to meet president trump, he will raise this issue with him, she said.
on chinas airspace violation in uttarakhand, she said while there used to ground-level incursions from both sides since there is no demarcated boundary, this is the first time an airspace incursion has taken place.
i cannot tell you when and where this issue will be raised, but it will be raised with the chinese government, 101 percent, she said.
on indias bid to become a member of the nuclear suppliers group, she said india has asked all friends of china, including russia, to impress upon them indias candidature, and expressed the hope that india will become a member one day.
aaj nahin toh kal, kal nahin toh parson hum honge kaamyab, she said.
sushma swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
(reuters) sushmaswaraj swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
(reuters)the meetings of the defence and foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), being attended by defence minister nirmala sitharaman and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, began on tuesday.
the two meetings are being held around the same time.
sitharaman who arrived here last night attended the defence ministers meeting and swaraj took part in the foreign ministers meeting.
the two meetings were being held as part of the preparations for the sco summit to be held in the chinese city of qingdao in june.
prime minister narendra modi is likely to attend it.
these are the first top ministerial-level meetings of the sco after the admission of india and pakistan as members last year.
a host of issues including the regional security and terrorism were expected to be discussed at the meetings and prepare agenda for the sco summit.
the sco, headquartered in beijing, was founded in 2001.
comprising china, russia, kazakhstan, uzbekistan, tajikistan, kyrgyzstan, india and pakistan, the sco aims at military cooperation between the member states and involves intelligence sharing, counter-terrorism operations in central asia and joint work against cyber terrorism.
pramila jaypal.
(source: pramilaforcongress webesite) pramila jaypal.
(source: pramilaforcongress webesite)indian-american congresswoman pramila jayapal sunday urged the trump administration to probe the shooting of a sikh man as a hate crime, and to speak out strongly against such incidents.
i urge the trump administration not only to investigate this shooting as a hate crime, but to take bold steps to fight hate-based violence in our communities.
enough is enough, jayapal, 51, the first ever indian-american woman to be elected to the us house of representatives, said.
watch what else is making newsthe 39-year-old sikh man was shot outside his home by a partially-masked gunman who shouted go back to your own country, in a suspected hate crime that comes just days after the killing of an indian engineer in kansas.
japayal, elected to the us house of representatives from the seventh congressional district of washington state, said the shooting is one of the many hate crime incidents to have devastated the community.
people of colour are living under constant fear of violence driven by racism.
these attacks against people of colour bear a stark resemblance to those that followed 9/11.
unfortunately, the trump administrations vilification and otherizing of immigrant communities have real consequences to americans across this country, she said.
the kent police department has launched an investigation into the incident and reached out to the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) and other law enforcement agencies.
meanwhile, indian-american republican leader puneet ahluwalia said that it is too early to establish that this was a hate crime.
it is very disturbing to hear that a sikh man was shot but we are yet to verify if it is a hate crime.
it is important that we all do not jump to conclusion.
we are a country of law and order and have full faith in our police and fbi.
we appreciate the concerns but have great faith in ournations justice system, ahluwalia said.
the sikh man, identified as us national deep rai, was working on his vehicle outside his home in kent, washington, on friday when he was approached by a stranger, who walked up to his homes driveway.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh, father of the victim.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti file photo)ahead of the nsg plenary, india on monday asked countries friendly with china to convince it on the issue of allowing new delhi entry into the grouping based on credentials, even as beijing asserted that the membership bid has become more complicated.
india had officially applied for membership of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) which controls export of nuclear materials, equipment and technology in may last year.
the matter came up for discussion at the seoul plenary session of the nsg in june last year, but yielded little result with beijing scuttling indias bid on the grounds that it was not a signatory to the non-proliferation treaty (npt).
we have always engaged with china and we are doing it for nsg as well.
and (it is being done) not only by us, but even nations friendly to us as well as enjoying good relations with china, who feel that india should get an nsg membership, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
giving russias example, she said moscow feels that india should be a part of the nsg and unsc.
so we feel, since russia and china share good relations, it should talk to china.
we are not asking them to put pressure on china, but use its good offices.
our effort is to convince china on the issue and also involve nations friendly with both the countries, the minister added.
on chinas objection on inclusion of non-npt countries, she said france was a non-npt country when it was admitted into the nsg.
when it (china) states that india and pakistan are non-npt countries, india makes a distinction that in 2008 it got a privilege (nsg waiver), she said, adding that at that time our criteria was throughly looked into.
it were the same required for any non-npt country.
today, the time is not to see our criteria, but our credentials.
we have proven our credentials and fulfilled all the commitments made in 2008.
india will be successful in getting it (nsg membership) one day, she said.
her remarks came on a day when china asserted that indias membership bid in the nsg has become more complicated under the new circumstances and again ruled out backing new delhis entry in the grouping, saying there should be non-discriminatory solution applicable to all non-npt signatory countries.
the group, which will be holding its next plenary in swiss capital bern soon, goes by consensus approach on the admission of new members.
about the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) it is a new issue under the new circumstances and it is more complicated than the previously imagined, chinas assistant minister of foreign affairs li huilai told a media briefing in beijing.
he, however, did not elaborate what the new circumstances and complications were.
china supports the nsg to have consultation for reaching non-discriminatory and universally applicable solution, applicable to all members of the nsg, he said.
pakistan has also applied for the nsg membership.
while china has not openly supported pakistans membership, it came with a two-step approach which stipulates that the nsg members first need to arrive at a set of principles for the admission of non-npt states into the nsg and then move forward with discussions of specific cases.
asked about the chances of indias admission into the grouping during this months plenary session expected to take place in the swiss capital bern, li said, chinas position on the non-npt members participation in the nsg has not changed.
li, who interacted with media to highlight chinese president xi jinpings participation in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit to be held at astana capital of kazakhstan on june 8-9, said china wants to deepen relations with india.
china and india are important neighbours and both are fast developing, both are emerging new market economies.
both are important forces upholding peace and stability, he said.
in recent years, relations between india and china are developing sound and at quite fast speed.
president xi and prime minister narendra modi during their meetings have agreed to deepen bilateral cooperation and make joint efforts to build even closer development partnership, he said.
b'mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressing the press over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
sukhwinder singh was a construction worker in iraq when isis started its campaign in 2014.
singh, who studied up to class iv, said that he went to iraq in may 2014 through an agent.
i was in a group of 42 people and staying in a camp near erbil city, 85 km from mosul where 39 indian nationals were killed by the isis.
nobody was allowed to come out of the camp and we could hear sounds of gun battles every day, he said.
at that time i did not hear that that any indian was trapped or killed.
when the fighting began, our group was near erbil city.
some iraqis who were also working with us told us that the isis had captured mosul and were advancing very quickly, singh added.
singh further said when they came to know that their camp might be attacked, they spoke to the people under whom they were working, but nobody was ready to help them.
we were told that the fighting was going on, so the company could not move us out of the camp.
it was a tough time, he recalled.
when asked about their return to india, singh said that there were some youngsters in their group who called their families and told them to tell their plight to the government.
they also asked their families to take up the issue in media.
the government of india then sent special flights to pick up indian nationals from erbil, he said.
it was in the last week of june (2014) when our company allowed us to return to india.
we reached india in july 2014.
later, we came to know that 39 indian nationals were missing in mosul.
it is a sad news that they were killed there, he rued.
presently, singh is working as a mason in kharar and lives with his family in janta nagar locality there.
speaker meira kumar and senior bjp leader lk advani listen to opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on the last day of the winter session of the 15th lok sabha.
(pti)on the last day of an extraordinarily acrimonious lok sabha, the battlelines blurred.
mps from the left extolled the qualities of bjp veteran l k advani, leaving him with moist eyes.
home minister and leader of the house sushil kumar shinde gave a portion of the credit for the creation of telangana to leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj.
and everybody wished everybody else good luck, and expressed hope of meeting up again in the 16th ls.
if the party (bjp) has become strong today, dont mind (my saying this), you had an important role in it, sp chief mulayam singh yadav said, referring to advani in his speech.
we had our differences, but you (advani) were made to sit from there (seat of the leader of opposition) to there (his present place), and it should not have been done.
i say this, you are shrinking because of this (decision), mulayam told bjp members.
members thumped their desks in endorsement, and an emotional advani had difficulty fighting back tears.
cpm leader basudeb acharia recalled that former speaker g m c balayogi used to call cpi leader indrajit gupta the father of the house in the 13th lok sabha.
now advaniji is the father of the house because he is the senior-most, acharia said, adding, sushmaji puts forth her views very effectively, we can call her the sister of the house.
sharifuddin shariq of the national conference, who has often locked horns with the bjp, said, my heart leaps to see such a great leader of the country like advani sahib, who is over 80, among us, he said.
we used to come running to hear the speeches of sushmaji, which reflected the feelings of the nation and the people, he added.
prime minister manmohan singh, who has faced bitter attacks from the opposition, said the passage of the telangana bill had demonstrated that the country could take difficult decisions.
he expressed hope that a new sense of consensus would emerge to carry the nation forward.
shinde was at his charming best, acknowledging the triveni of speaker meira kumar, congress president sonia gandhi and swaraj.
it is a historic triveni (confluence of three rivers) of women, he said.
he lauded kumar for effectively running the house, and told swaraj, aap ki baat mein mithaas hai, mithai khaane se bhi nahin milti hai (the sweetness of your words is sweeter than sweets).
amidst the bonhomie, swaraj, however, took a dig at parliamentary affairs minister kamal nath.
i am saying this with a lot of affection, if my brother kamal nath caused a complication with his mischief, respected shindeji sorted it out with his decency.
this house could function due to soniajis mediation, who is was seated between this mischief and decency, the prime ministers poise, your (speakers) tolerance and advanijis commitment to judiciousness, she said, as the entire house cheered.
actor ramya, elected in a byelection in august, delivered her maiden speech.
cpis gurudas dasgupta wanted to ask his last supplementary question.
and gursharan kaur, the prime ministers wife, sat in the speakers gallery for about an hour, but left long before her husband arrived.
tmc chief mamata banerjee tmc chief mamata banerjeethe trinamool congress on monday strongly supported the trai amendment bill, helping the government keep the prime ministers chosen man, nripendra misra, in his job.
but this wasnt the plan initially.
the tmcs saugata roy had opposed the bill only two days earlier, and item no.
9 in mondays list of business in the lok sabha said roy and the congresss adhir ranjan chowdhury would lead a house resolution disapproving the trai ordinance.
top sources said the tmcs volte-face  which saw roy skipping the house and parliamentary party leader sudip bandopadhyay arguing that the pm should be able to appoint whomsoever he deemed fit  came after tmc chief mamata banerjee issued specific orders that the bill should not be opposed.
mps were told that the appointment of officials was the pms prerogative, and that no great public interest was at stake in the matter.
in the morning, therefore, bandopadhyay met parliamentary affairs minister venkaiah naidu and reportedly told him that the tmc would back the amendment.
roy subsequently said that his strong opposition to the bill at the time of its introduction in the house had been his personal view.
on tuesday, he told the indian express he had nothing more to say on the matter.
rajya sabha too passed the bill on tuesday.
senior trinamool leaders who spoke anonymously said the party leadership was yet to define its position towards the narendra modi government.
initiatives from both the tmc and bjp since the elections indicate a blow hot-blow cold strategy, aimed at negotiating a working relationship that is beneficial to both sides.
several ministers in mamata banerjees government said that the cm was likely to have remembered that she too has strong personal preferences, and likes to pick her bureaucrats carefully.
it would be an understatement to say that she picks and chooses her bureaucrats she cares little about seniority and hierarchies, a top bureaucrat said.
her chief secretary, sanjay mitra, superseded six ias officers senior to him.
didi bulldozed all reservations.
trinamool leaders said that in directing her mps to help the passage of the bill, mamata would have been guided by her public announcement that her party would not oppose the government for the sake of opposing, and would go issue-by-issue, deciding the tmcs line on merit.
the nda has seemed to be accommodative as well.
four central ministers  smriti irani, ram vilas paswan, piyush goyal and dharmendra pradhan  have come to west bengal so far, and each has made it a point to get in touch with mamata.
the three bjp ministers called on her to discuss issues of mutual interest, and paswan, a meeting with whom could not be accommodated in the cms schedule, spoke to her by phone.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rang mamata before her visit to bangladesh and gave the chief minister a detailed briefing.
the teesta water-sharing and exchange of enclaves remain unresolved issues with dhaka.
the cpm and congress have been taking digs at emerging tmc-bjp equations.
at a public rally, cpm politburo member and leader of the opposition in the assembly surya kanta mishra spoke of ominous signs of a patch-up between the bjp and tmc.
his colleague md selim said the trai episode had exposed the tmcs inability to take a principled stand.
wbpcc president and baharampur mp chowdhury said, it is evident now that the tmc has two faces, one public and the other hidden.
mea spokesperson raveesh kumar (photo: twitter/ani) mea spokesperson raveesh kumar (photo: twitter/ani)the government on thursday said it was in touch with relevant people and authorities in afghanistan to secure the release of seven indian engineers who were abducted in the restive northern baghlan province of the war-torn country on sunday.
we are in touch with different people who are involved in the exercise through the afghan government, spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs (mea) raveesh kumar said.
kumar, however, refused to share any specific details citing sensitivity of the case.
i would not like to get into the details of the people and authorities with whom we are in touch with, he said at a media briefing.
the indian engineers were abducted by the taliban militants from near the cheshma-e-sher area in baghlan on sunday.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had a telephonic conversation with her afghan counterpart salahuddin rabbani on sunday evening during which she had sought all possible help of kabul in securing the release the indians.
national security adviser ajit doval too had a telephonic conversation with his afghan counterpart hanif atmar on the issue.
this is a sensitive matter.
the lives of seven indians are involved and, therefore, i would not like to share much on where we are at this point of time, said the mea spokesperson.
afghan media, quoting baghlan governor abdulhai nemati, reported that taliban militants were behind the abduction of indians and they were moved to the dand-e-shahabuddin area of pul-e-khumri citythe indian engineers of kec international, an rpg group company, were working on a project for construction of a power sub-station in the country.
india has been carrying out reconstruction activities in the war-torn country.
it has already provided at least usd 2 billion aid to afghanistan.
b'the teesta deal had been facing obstacles since september 2011 when mamata, opposing the agreement, had refused to accompany then pm manmohan singh to dhaka.
archive photo the teesta deal had been facing obstacles since september 2011 when mamata, opposing the agreement, had refused to accompany then pm manmohan singh to dhaka.
archive photowith assembly elections over in west bengal, bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina has accepted an invitation of the mamata government to visit kolkata later this year, in what promises to be a step towards concluding the teesta water sharing deal.
on monday, bangladesh high commissioner in india, syed muazzem ali, conveyed hasinas decision to chief minister mamata banerjee.
sheikh hasina is likely to visit india at the end of the year, as a part of a larger multi-lateral meeting of different countries.
during the visit, she is likely to meet chief minister mamata banerjee, a source in the cmo said.
during her last bangladesh visit, mamata banerjee had told us to have confidence in her on the teesta issue.
today, we have told her that we continue to have confidence in her on the issue, syed muazzem ali said after a 40-minute meeting with the chief minister at state secretariat nabanna.
he added that he was hopeful that his countrys relation with bengal would grow simultaneous with the negotiation over the teesta and other issues.
there are three parties in this.
india, bangladesh and west bengal government.
assembly elections were held in west bengal.
now that elections are over and mamata banerjee is back as chief minister, the federal indian government will begin talks with the mamata government to finalise the teesta water sharing treaty, she had said.
officials said both mamata and ali were positive on resuming talks.
claiming that the prime issue was availability of water for north bengal, an official said: the issue at hand has always been the extent to which north bengal is dependent on river teesta for water.
the west bengal government wants assurance from the union government that at no point in time will the well-being of the people of bengal be hampered.
bangladesh is our neighbour and we have historical ties with them.
but the deal should benefit every body.
key to the entire issue is the report submitted by indian river expert kalyan rudra  who was tasked by the bengal government to find a solution to the issue.
in the report, submitted by him in 2012, he had said that there was a shortage of water in teesta since the indian government had been building hydro-power projects upstream.
the teesta deal had faced obstacles since september 2011 when mamata, scheduled to visit dhaka with then prime minister manmohan singh, opted out of the trip opposing the agreement.
this was the bangladesh envoys first meeting with mamata after she became the chief minister for a second term.
the four-member delegation that met mamata also included zokey ahad, head of the bangladesh deputy high commission in kolkata.
this is basically a courtesy call.
i have come here to congratulate her after her re-election as the chief minister on behalf of our prime minister sheikh hasina, ali said.
on whether there was a discussion on the ramkrishna mission in bangladesh getting threats from suspected isis members, the envoy said: the two countries cooperate on security and after this (threats to rkm) security has been considerably enhanced.
we had a discussion with west bengal earlier on this today, we told the chief minister about our discussion with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
on export of hilsa fish to west bengal, ali added: we will export (hilsa) but i must say that the facilities at the ports and the infrastructure must be developed otherwise fish get rotten while exporting.
speaking on mamatas massive victory in the recent assembly elections, ali told mediapersons, this is a mammoth victory.
it shows that the people of west bengal have faith in her.
he added they have also invited mamata to visit bangladesh.
b'nisar ali khan was reacting to swarajs remarks that there are forces which do not want good relations between the prime ministers of the two countries and better ties between the two neighbours.
(source: file/reuters) nisar ali khan was reacting to swarajs remarks that there are forces which do not want good relations between the prime ministers of the two countries and better ties between the two neighbours.
(source: file/reuters)pakistans interior minister on monday alleged that hindu extremist groups like rss and shiv sena are the biggest hurdle to normalisation of indo-pak ties as he asked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to name the forces which she said are against good bilateral relations.
if the indian foreign minister is serious and determined for (good) ties with pakistan, then she should not talk through riddles or try for political point scoring.
in fact, she should clarify and point out which forces in her opinion were against good ties between pakistan and india, interior minister nisar ali khan said.
khan was reacting to swarajs remarks that there are forces which do not want good relations between the prime ministers of the two countries and better ties between the two neighbours.
watch video: whats making newsthe pakistani minister said in his opinion extremist groups like rss, shiv sena and abhinav bharat were the biggest hurdle in the way of normalisation of ties as such groups have influence over the indian government.
if indian government was serious in normalisation of ties, then why it has closed doors for talks, khan said.
he also criticised prime minister narendra modis speech in the us congress, sarcastically saying that each word used by him showed his friendship policy for pakistan.
khan said sharifs relations with any world leader were above his personal relations and indian foreign minister should not try to portray sharif-modi relations as personal.
she had said the warmth and ease in relationship between modi and sharif can help resolve complex issues between the two neighbours.
b'file photo of mother teresa (express archive) file photo of mother teresa (express archive)mother teresas canonisation portends more conversions to christianity, an issue that prime minister narendra modi should have considered before deciding to send a delegation to the vatican, the vhp said on sunday.
the canonisation of mother teresa is an alarm bell that now there would be more conversions in india and more funds (for conversions) would be routed to india, vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) international joint general secretary surendra jain said.
he said granting of sainthood to a person based on miracles attributed to them was not practical in todays times.
do you expect miracles to happen in this age, he wondered.
jain warned that with more conversions, there would be more unrest in the society.
he said modi should have considered the issue before deciding to send an official indian delegation to the canonisation ceremony at the vatican.
the issue of mother teresas services vis-a-vis religious conversions is not new.
we have been raising it for years.
i think the prime minister should have thought over it before he decided to send an official delegation to the vatican, jain said.
an official indian delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is scheduled to attend mother teresas canonisation ceremony at the vatican on september 4.
on sunday, prime minister narendra modi in his mann ki baat radio address paid tributes to the late catholic nun for her services to the poor of india, saying that indians should be proud that mother teresa is being officially declared a saint.
the nun founded the missionaries of charity, a roman catholic religious congregation that runs hospices in india.
she died in 1997.
asif nizami and nazim nizami of hazrat nizamuddin dargah had gone missing in pakistan (source: ani) asif nizami and nazim nizami of hazrat nizamuddin dargah had gone missing in pakistan (source: ani)the two indian clerics of hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who went missing from karachi, on monday reached back to delhi.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had informed about their safe arrival on sunday on her twitter handle.
she met the two sufi clerics in delhi on monday.
earlier on saturday, it was reported that syed asif nizami, head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah in delhi, and his nephew syed nazim nizami were in custody of pakistans intelligence agency over their alleged links with muttahida qaumi movement (mqm).
according to reports, both were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport in lahore.
delhi: eam sushmaswaraj swaraj met the two sufi clerics, syed asif nizami and nazim ali nizami who had gone missing in pakistan.
pic.
twitter.com/lo6gd8byec  ani (@ani_news) march 20, 2017the clerics, speaking with the media, said that a newspaper in pakistan had printed false information about them being raw spies following which they were detained by the police.
meanwhile, rajya sabha mp subramanian swamy also said that he had independent information about the clerics are working against the country.
#watch subramanian swamy says he has independent information that indian clerics who went missing in pakistan were working against country.
pic.
twitter.com/rfywwimurp  ani (@ani_news) march 20, 2017delhi: the two sufi clerics who had gone missing in pakistan, have returned to india (visuals from nizamuddin dargah) pic.
twitter.com/xjpatzxuja  ani (@ani_news) march 20, 2017the development comes after the pakistan government had conveyed to the indian high commission in islamabad that the two clerics have been traced and have reached karachi.
swaraj had earlier spoke to pakistan pms adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz regarding the issue and sought his help in tracing the two.
asif nizami had travelled to karachi on march 6 to meet his ailing 90-year old sister, and was accompanied by nazim.
according to their family, they had gone to lahore to pay tributes at daata darbar shrine on march 13.
with turkey witnessing a coup attempt by the military leading to bloody clashes in major cities, india has called upon all sides to support democracy and mandate of the ballot, and avoid bloodshed, while advising its nationals in turkey to avoid public places and stay indoors.
the eam also advised indian nationals not travel to turkey until situation normalised.
indian nationals in turkey: pl avoid public places and stay indoors.
indian nationals should not travel to turkey until situation is normal there, tweeted swaraj.
watch video: whats making newsthe minister also suggested them to remain in touch with the indian embassy there.
pl ask them to stay indoors and remain in touch with @indianembassytr, she tweeted.
meanwhile, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said they were closely following the developments in turkey.
we hv been closely following the devs in #turkey india calls upon all sides 2 support democracy & mandate of the ballot, & avoid bloodshed, he tweeted.
also read | turkey military coup: full coverageour embassy in ankara advises indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer, swarup said in another tweet.
he also released emergency contact numbers for indian nationals in ankara: +905303142203; and in istanbul: +905305671095.
also see | who is fethullah gulen: the cleric being blamed for turkey coup attemptmeanwhile, turkeys state news agency said 17 police officers have been killed in helicopter attacks.
some top army officials are said to be detained.
explosions were also reported near parliament in ankara.
later, prime minister binali yildirim said the situation is largely under control.
he said, more than 120 people have been arrested over the coup attempt.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with nepals prime minister sher bahadur deuba at a meeting in kathmandu.
pti photo / (mea twitter) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with nepals prime minister sher bahadur deuba at a meeting in kathmandu.
pti photo / (mea twitter)prime minister sher bahadur deuba has refused to heed suggestions that he postpone a five-day official trip to delhi beginning august 23, in view of the floods.
at least 150 people have died in the floods and a large area, especially in the tarai, which is the granary of the country, is under water.
parliament has asked deuba to tell india that its unilateral construction of about 15 embankments  some of them less than 12 km away from the border  has caused the devastation.
the house sentiment is that india must be held accountable for the destruction.
deuba had earlier told leaders of various parties that he would firmly ask india to honour its commitment and execute past agreements, including finalising the detailed project report (dpr) of the 6,000 mw pancheshwar hydropower project that was signed some 20 years ago.
deuba, incidentally, was the pm then and had taken the initiative on the project.
indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj apparently assured deuba during her recent visit that india was keen to finalise the dpr soon.
but the political parties that were together when the agreement was signed do not see eye to eye on many issues now.
it may not be easy to get them agree on the dpr.
politically and strategically china and nepal do not concede any more that india has the first right over nepals water resources.
and, nepal considers it has special relations with both its neighbours, not just india.
deubas delhi visit takes place in the background of the doklam standoff.
china wants nepal to have a neutral stance on the matter.
beijing has also unleashed propaganda, which claims to expose indian activities that undermine nepals sovereignty.
the delhi visit will be a real test in diplomacy for deuba.
china was furious with him after he shared the stage with the prime minister of the tibetan government in exile at an india foundation seminar in goa last year.
this time deuba is visiting india as prime minister and at a time when relations between india and china are at a low.
he, surely, will be under watch.
chinas vice premier, wang yang, who visited nepal shortly after swaraj, expressed the hope that china and nepal can work together.
during his meetings, he was candid and expressed concern about the political instability in nepal, which may have some impact on chinese projects and beijings expanding strategic interest.
interestingly, wang yang had a one-on-one with k.p. oli, former prime minister and chairman of the communist party of nepal-united marxist leninist.
wangs closed-door meeting with oli, who is perceived to be pro-chinese by the indian establishment, is seen as a brazen diplomatic response to swaraj heaping praise on deuba and cpn- maoist centre leader pushpa kamal dahal.
their alliance, she had said, contributed a lot to building democracy in nepal.
during the 11 years when it supported the radical political agenda in nepal, india gradually lost the trust and respect of the many actors it worked with, starting with king gyanendra and supporters of the traditional political forces and lately, the madhesi leaders.
the post-earthquake economic blockade also saw the non-maoist left groups, including the cpn-uml, distancing from india.
that india has had to pin its hope on deuba and dahal, both heading weak and divided parties, reveals much about the influence india currently wields in nepal.
in contrast, the clever propaganda of china, carried out through multiple channels, points at all that it has avoided doing in nepal.
this way it highlights what india does in nepal.
sure, china does not encourage or support anti-state activities or insurgency or regime changes, but there is a clear message directed somewhere else.
recently, beijing sponsored the trip of a delegation of the greater nepal group that occasionally raises claim over vast territory including uttarakhand that nepal lost to the british east india company during 1814-15 war.
deuba has also been asked by politicians and diplomats to raise the issue of lipulekh on the nepal-china-india tri-junction, which china and india had jointly agreed to develop as a bilateral trade route two years ago, when he is in new delhi.
past record, the prevailing trust deficit between the two countries and nepals divided politics, however, are likely to hold him back.
but deuba will be doing a great service if he takes up the issues flagged by the nepali actors with india.
nepal-india ties are better served if these grievances are addressed and not pushed under the carpet.
b'prime minister narendra modi with vietnam president tran dai quang at hyderabad house in new delhi.
(express photo by amit mehra) prime minister narendra modi with vietnam president tran dai quang at hyderabad house in new delhi.
(express photo by amit mehra)vietnamese president tran dai quang on sunday expressed gratitude for prime minister narendra modis statement at the asean-india summit last november regarding indias act east policy (aep).
india and vietnam signed three memorandums of understandings (mous) on the concluding day of president quangs three-day state visit to india, his first in this capacity.
the three agreements dealing with nuclear cooperation, agriculture and trade strengthen indias ties with vietnam in light of indias act east policy.
president quang also backed indias permanent membership to united nations security council (unsc), as per ani.
the policy was formulated to focus on creating an extended neighbourhood in the asia-pacific region.
the policy which dealt with economic and trade issues initially also assumed political, strategic and cultural dimensions.
under the aep, india has sought to deepen ties with vietnam, indonesia, malaysia, japan, republic of korea, australia, singapore, asean and other countries in the asia-pacific.
we wish to express our gratitude for, and most highly appreciate prime minister narendra modis statement at the aseanindia summit in november last year that indias act east policy is shaped around the asean, said president quang in his address to the media.
india and vietnam signed three crucial bilateral agreements on saturday and also called for a a rules-based regional architecture.
president quang had detailed discussions with pm modi and the indian delegation on key bilateral issues like defence, energy and agriculture.
the partnership with vietnam assumes greater significance in terms of tackling chinese expansionism in the south china sea and indo-pacific.
pm modi said that both countries decided to collaborate on defence production and transfer of technology.
we will jointly work for an open, independent and prosperous indo-pacific region where sovereignty and international laws are respected and where differences are resolved through talks, pm modi said in a joint statement on saturday.
both sides are committed towards expanding the bilateral maritime cooperation and for an open, efficient and rules-based regional architecture, he said.
modi said that india and vietnam would strengthen and bilateral economic ties and trade.
the two countries decided to explore larger opportunities for trade and investment in renewable energy, textiles, oil and gas exploration, agriculture etc.
this is the first state visit for the vietnamese president to india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also had a meeting with president quang on saturday.
quangs visit comes soon after the summit where pm modi spoke about the aep as one of the main aspects of his foreign policy.
vietnamese prime minister nguyen xuan phuc was also part of the summit and was later called as one of the chief guests at the republic day celebrations in january.
the most recent visit further clears indias growing need to partner with vietnam, a country that has had long-standing disputes with china.
india, apart from helping the vietnamese military in the past in capacity building, had also extended a $500 million line of credit for defence cooperation two years ago.
the latest decision to move on defence production and transfer of technology appeared to be the next step in the same process.
another strong pitch by quang was for stronger and deeper aviation and maritime connectivity.
china has had conflicts with countries like vietnam, philippines and brunei over maritime claims and connectivity in the south china sea.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh.
(express photo by kamleshwar singh) punjab chief minister amarinder singh.
(express photo by kamleshwar singh)the punjab cabinet on tuesday gave its nod to provide financial assistance and employment, on compassionate grounds, to the next of kin of the people from the state killed in war-torn iraq.
the state government had decided to provide employment to one family member of each of the victims, according to their educational qualification and governments policy, besides ex gratia of rs 5 lakh, an official release said.
the decision was taken in a cabinet meeting chaired by punjab chief minister amarinder singh at chandigarh, it said, adding it was also decided that the monthly pension of rs 20,000 being paid to the family members from the cms relief fund will continue till jobs are provided.
as many as 40 indians were abducted by the isis from mosul in iraq but one of them escaped by posing as a muslim from bangladesh.
out of the 39 killed, 27 hailed from punjab, four from himachal pradesh, six from bihar and two from west bengal.
on the directive of the punjab chief minister, an ex gratia of rs 5 lakh each to 26 dependent family members amounting to rs 1.
30 crore has already been disbursed from the cms relief fund, a spokesperson said, adding that according to records, one victim had no legal heir.
providing jobs to dependent family members of the 27 deceased indians from punjab on compassionate grounds does not fall within the purview of state policy.
therefore, relaxation in the policy was required for this purpose.
an official spokesperson said keeping in view the hardships faced by the victims families, the cabinet decided to relax the existing policy of the state government as notified on november 21, 2002.
however, the remaining conditions of the policy would remain applicable, the spokesperson said.
minister of state for external affairs v k singh brought back the mortal remains of the 38 indians from iraq in a special aircraft last month.
b'union minister ravi shankar prasad prasad said it was not right to say that the government was committing a cardinal sin by giving its views.
union minister ravi shankar prasad prasad said it was not right to say that the government was committing a cardinal sin by giving its views.
the centre was within its rights to seek a reconsideration of a name recommended by the supreme court collegium for appointment as judge and to give its inputs, union law and it minister ravi shankar prasad said on monday.
prasad said it was not right to say that the government was committing a cardinal sin by giving its views.
his remarks come in the background of the controversy over the government asking the collegium to reconsider its recommendation to elevate uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph to the apex court.
read | once again, supreme court collegium stalls on justice km josephs nameeven in the collegium system architecture, created by the three judgments of 1993, 1998 and 1999 and 2015 of the njac, the right of the government has been acknowledged to seek a reconsideration and also to give inputs.
therefore, when i see these kinds of things  as if giving our views we are committing a cardinal sin  with great respect, (it) is not the right position in law, prasad said while addressing an event at the launch of a website and mobile app of the law ministry to monitor progress in development of judicial infrastructure in real-time.
prasad said the government will continue to respectfully and gently convey our views  and that obviously the collegium has to take a call.
he said the centre was led by people committed to the cause of independence of the judiciary.
this government is led by prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister (arun jaitley), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, law minister ravi shankar prasad, all of whom fought the emergency for three freedoms: individual freedom, press freedom and independence of judiciary.
therefore, this government is led by leaders who suffered for the cause of independence of judiciary at the most trying time.
that commitment shall remain absolutely unshakeable.
he reiterated that the law ministry, and the minister, is not a post office simpliciter in the matter of judicial appointments and sought to rubbish charges that the government was going slow in appointing judges to various high courts.
prasad pointed out that the government had appointed 126 high court judges in 2016, which, he said, is the highest in the last 30 years, and that the centre hopes to surpass this number this year.
on digitalisation of courts, he said about 71 per cent of total courts in the country had become e-courts, and 33 per cent of this was done in the last four years.
all district courts must become e-courts by 2018-19, he said.
prasad also pitched for a national-level entrance test for talent infusion into the subordinate judiciary, pti reported.
he, however, made it clear that he was not rooting for a national-level judicial service on the lines of all-india services such as the ias and the ips for appointing judicial officers.
in a statement in both houses, she said the safety and well-being of fishermen was top priority for the government.
i will again like to reassure the honorable members that the government accords the highest priority to promote the well-being, safety and security of our fishermen.
we have strongly conveyed to sri lanka that the use of force cannot be justified under any circumstances, she said.
the fisherman was killed on march 6 in palk bay after a vessel from tamil nadu was fired upon, allegedly by the lankan navy.
after india expressed its strong concerns, sri lanka denied the involvement of its navy, sushmaswaraj noted.
the indian high commissioner has spoken to the sri lankan prime minister and navy commander, she said.
the lankan navy, however, maintained its patrol boats are not authorised to open fire at any point on indian fishermen even if they are transgressing into sri lankan waters, she said.
the president of sri lanka conveyed to our vice president in their meeting in jakarta on march 7 on the sidelines of the indian ocean rim association leaders summit his regret at the unfortunate incident and the loss of life.
india continues to pursue the matter with the sri lankan government, she said.
she said india has consistently taken up fishermens issues with sri lanka and secured the release of 1,045 fishermen in 2014, 375 in 2015, 333 in 2016 and 51 in 2017.
the release of all 85 fishermen still in sri lankan custody has been secured, she said, adding while 77 returned to india tuesday, the other eight are on their way back.
the government has taken up the matter of the release of their boats too, she said.
in fact, the release of 438 of these indian fishermen was secured in the last three months only, she said.
b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo/seth wenig) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo/seth wenig)on a day the indian envoy in bangladesh visited the ramakrishna mission in dhaka, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called the attacks on minorities in bangladesh very unfortunate but added that the bangladesh government was making all efforts to combat the situation.
responding to questions, swaraj, in her annual press conference, said, these incidents are extremely unfortunate and painful the sheikh hasina government is making all efforts to combat the situation.
watch video: whats making newsover 1 lakh islamic gurus have called these attacks unislamic this shows that the government and the citizens are against such incidents, she said.
she was referring to reports that islamic scholars in bangladesh had issued a fatwa, declaring militancy and terrorism in the name of islam as haram while voicing concern over killings of hindus and secular writers by islamists.
indian envoy in bangladesh harsh vardhan shringla visited the rk mission premises in dhaka on sunday, four days after a suspected is militant issued a death threat to one of its priests.
he said that india can offer its fullest support for whatever steps are taken in bangladesh to tackle the problem, and expressed satisfaction at the security around the premises.
b'new delhi: prime minister narendra modi delivers his speech at niti aayogs first annual lecture on transforming india in new delhi on friday.
pti photo/pib(pti8_26_2016_000053b) new delhi: prime minister narendra modi delivers his speech at niti aayogs first annual lecture on transforming india in new delhi on friday.
pti photo/pib(pti8_26_2016_000053b)ekta and mamata, unity and compassion, were the twin themes of the political consensus on kashmir, prime minister narendra modi said on sunday.
elaborating on this new formulation in his mann ki baat radio address to the nation  days after he and union home minister rajnath singh echoed former pm a b vapayees mantra of insaniyat, kashmiriyat, jamhooriyat for the valley  modi said that those who were provoking children to throw stones would have to answer these innocent boys some day.
any life lost in the valley, he said, whether that of a protesting youth or of a security personnel, was a loss for the country.
the prime ministers latest outreach came on a day when the j&k government decided to lift a 51-day curfew in the valley from monday, except in pulwama town and a few areas of srinagar.
modi, who met j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti on saturday and a delegation of opposition leaders led by former cm omar abdullah last monday, said, all political parties spoke in one voice on kashmir, sending out a strong message to the world as well as separatists, and also expressed our sensitiveness towards the people of kashmir.
there was one common thread in my interaction with all parties on kashmir.
if i say it in a nutshell, ekta (unity) and mamata (compassion) were the crux of all interactions.
this is the opinion of all of us, the 125 crore people of the country  from the village head to the prime minister  that any life lost in kashmir, be it of any youth or security personnel, is our loss, the loss of the nation.
watch video: explained  how will gst work?
the prime minister also spoke on a range of issues in the course of his 35-minute address, including relations with pakistan, the canonization of mother teresa, gst, swachch bharat, gas subsidy, floods, teacher-student relationships and sports in the context of indias performance at the rio olympics.
issuing a general appeal to people to strengthen the unity of the country, he said, this country is very big, full of diversities.
to keep it united, it is the responsibility of all of us, as individual citizens, as a society and as a government, to strengthen our unity as much as we can, highlight it as much as we can.
only then can the nation achieve its bright future.
i have confidence in the power of 125 crore people of the country.
days after raising issues of human rights violations in balochistan, gilgit and pok, the prime minister on sunday made no mention of pakistan, but said that india had always made sincere efforts to strengthen its relations with its neighbours.
pm narendra modi with khel ratna awardees shooter jitu rai, shuttler p v sindhu, wrestler sakshi malik and gymnast dipa karmakar on sunday.
(source: pti) pm narendra modi with khel ratna awardees shooter jitu rai, shuttler p v sindhu, wrestler sakshi malik and gymnast dipa karmakar on sunday.
(source: pti)indias attempts from the very outset have been that our relationship with our neighbours should be deep, warm and lively, he said, citing as an example the launch of akashvani maitri channel in collaboration with bangladesh betar.
the sharing of content would deepen the connection between india and bangladesh, he said.
the pm also hailed mother teresa, saying her work for the poor of india would always be remembered.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would lead a 12-member delegation for her canonisation ceremony at the vatican next month, he said.
it is a matter of pride for us that mother teresa will be granted sainthood on september 4.
mother teresa dedicated her entire life to the service of the poor of india.
it is natural for indians to feel proud when a person who has dedicated her whole life to serve the poor in india gets sainthood, the pm said.
government will send a delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on this occasion.
we learn a lot from saints and great leaders.
we will always be learning from them ways to do good for society, he said.
the pm also referred to the ganesh utsav started by lokmanya tilak, and called for the need to move from swarajya to suraj (from self governance to good governance).
he also asked people to eschew plaster of paris idols and go instead for environment-friendly clay idols for the coming durga puja.
speaking on his pet scheme of cleaning the ganga, modi congratulated the chief ministers who took a pledge in allahabad recently not to spoil the holy river and to keep it clean.
he also shared a story on a campaign for toilets by students in chhattisgarh, and a satyagrah by a girl in karnataka.
to promote cleanliness, he asked people to make 2-3 minute films on clean india, and enter them in a competition to show their creativity.
on the gas subsidy issue, the prime minister recounted how he had got a letter from an 84-year-old woman who had not only given up subsidy on lpg on his appeal, but had also sent a donation of rs 50,000 to save poor women from polluting chulhas.
on the flood situation, the pm said people, the affected states and the centre had tried to do their level best to tackle the situation collectively.
referring to the passage of the key economic reform measure gst in parliaments monsoon session, modi said it demonstrated the countrys unity of vision.
we learnt the lesson of unity through passing the historic gst bill, he said, adding that great things could be achieved if people achieved consensus over an issue.
b'chief justice of india ts thakur expresses his concerns over the governments move to set up panel for foreseeing applications for appointment of judges.
(source: file photo) chief justice of india ts thakur expresses his concerns over the governments move to set up panel for foreseeing applications for appointment of judges.
(source: file photo)the chief justice of india has rejected the governments move to put in place a committee of retired judges to evaluate the applications of candidates before forwarding them to the collegium to decide whether to recommend their names for elevation or appointment as judges.
cji t s thakur expressed his reservations over the clause in the revised draft memorandum of procedure (mop) when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who headed the group of ministers which drafted the mop, and law minister d v sadananda gowda met him at his residence on wednesday evening.
parliament had enacted the national judicial appointments commission act to do away with the over two-decade old collegium system where judges appoint judges.
the law was struck down by the apex court on october 16 last year.
watch video: whats making newsa supreme court bench, while deciding on ways to make the collegium system more transparent, had asked the centre to redraft the mop in consultation with the states.
the mop is a document which guides the appointment of judges to the supreme court and the 24 high courts.
at present, there are two mops  one for the apex court and the other for the high courts.
the government had sent the mop to the sc collegium in march.
the cji had returned the document in may raising objections to the various clauses.
wednesdays meeting was aimed at narrowing down the differences between the executive and the judiciary on mop.
at the meeting, justice thakur said the committee of retired judges to evaluate the applications by candidates for appointment was unacceptable, highly placed source said.
the government wanted the proposed committee to evaluate the experience of aspirants in detail before making recommendations to the collegium for taking a final call.
one committee was proposed at the supreme court level and 24 others for each of the high courts.
while the government and the collegium were on the same page on having secretariats in high courts to process judicial appointments, the judiciary had earlier opposed defining the role of the proposed secretariat.
at the meeting, however, there was an agreement on defining the role and functions of the secretariat.
gopal baglay, ministry of external affairs spokesperson.
(source: ani) gopal baglay, ministry of external affairs spokesperson.
(source: ani)india on thursday said it has no idea about kulbhushan jadhavs location or condition in pakistan.
in a statement to the media, the ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay, said, so far pakistan has denied all our requests for consular access.
the so called legal process done by pakistan was opaque.
pakistan has not shared with us till now any details of jadhav s location or how he is.
read: govt likely considering high-value prisoner swap to get kulbhushan jadhav backformer indian naval officer jadhav was charged with spying for the research & analysis wing (r&aw) and allegedly being involved in subversive activities in the gilgit-baltistan region in pakistan occupied kashmir (pok).
read: baloch leaders condemn pakistans decisionmeanwhile, india had on monday asserted that if pakistan carries out the death sentence it will be treated as premeditated murder even as it issued a sternly-worded demarche to the neighbouring country.
india was reacting to pakistans assertion earlier that jadhavs sentencing should serve as a warning to those plotting against the country.
earlier today, baloch leaders too condemned pakistans decision to carry out the death sentence, terming the order inhuman and illegal.
in a statement to news agency ani, baloch republican party (brp) member ashraf sherjan said pakistan is committing a crime by sentencing kulbhushan jadhav to death.
the leader also urged prime minister narendra modi to do everything possible in order to save jadhavs life.
sherjan also accused pakistan of indulging in a fake propaganda by claiming jadhav has terrorism connections in balochistan.
b'nuns of mother teresas missionaries of charity, carry some of her relics during a vigil of prayer in preparation for the canonization of mother teresa in the st. john in latheran basilica at the vatican, sept.
2, 2016.
(source: ap/pti) nuns of mother teresas missionaries of charity, carry some of her relics during a vigil of prayer in preparation for the canonization of mother teresa in the st. john in latheran basilica at the vatican, sept.
2, 2016.
(source: ap/pti)mother teresa will be declared a saint by pope francis of the roman catholic church in a canonisation ceremony in vatican city tomorrow in the presence of over a lakh of her followers from all over the world.
from india, a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee, respectively, will be in attendance during the function.
nuns at the missionaries of charity, founded by the late nobel laureate nun, said the canonisation in rome will have a special universal significance because of the mothers popularity.
a group of around 40-50 nuns from different parts of the country will be present at the ceremony led by missionaries of charity superior general sister mary prema.
besides archbishop of kolkata thomas dsouza, about 45 bishops from all over india are now in vatican.
in march, pope francis had announced that the mother, who spent 45 years serving the poor and sick on the streets in kolkata, will be elevated to sainthood after the church recognised two miracles attributed to her after her death.
to mark the occasion a series of events are being held in the city where the mother lived and worked all her life.
at the mother house in kolkata on sunday, a special mass will be organised and the nuns have promised to celebrate the occasion with the poorest of the poor.
in 2003, teresa was beatified by then pope john paul ii in a fast-tracked process which is the first step to gaining sainthood.
in 2002, the vatican officially recognised a miracle she was said to have carried out after her death, namely the 1998 healing of a bengali tribal woman, monika besra, who was suffering from an abdominal tumour.
the traditional canonisation procedure requires at least two miracles.
the second miracle was from brazil, where a person had been healed miraculously as a result of her earlier prayers.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file)the congress on wednesday accused the narendra modi government of not confronting china during visits of two union ministers to the neighbouring country over full-fledged military complex in doklam and a new road to the south of the plateau.
in a statement, the party said that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman visited china for bilateral meetings with their counterparts but did not raise the two issues while accusing the modi government of compromising countrys security and national interests.
every patriotic indian was deeply distressed and surprised by complete omission of the two cabinet ministers to confront china on creation of full-fledged chinese military complex in doklam right up to 10 metres from an indian army post, said the statement issued by congress leaders randeep singh surjewala, priyanka chaturvedi and rajeev gowda.
it said the two ministers also failed to confront china over a new road south of doklam plateau to provide easy access to china to jhamperi ridge overlooking the siliguri corridor i.
e strategic chickens neck, which is indias gateway to the northeastern states.
noting modi was slated to visit china later this month for an informal summit meeting with president xi jinping, it asked if he will take up the issue.
the congress said that tri-junction at doklam was an all-important issue for bhutan and even more important for indias strategic interests in relation to the chickens neck, adding it will support every endeavour to protect the countrys security and strategic interests but hoped that modi government will provide the answers.
congress leaders said that in june last year indias armed forces stopped china from building a road in doklam plateau, which led to a 73 day stand-off and the government subsequently issued a statement that both sides have agreed on expeditious disengagement of border personnel at the face-off site at doklam.
the statement said that while modi even came close at claiming victory at doklam last october, media reports and satellite imagery suggested that the chinese army has not only built a full-fledged military complex in doklam but also occupied the entire plateau right up to a short distance from an indian army post, while latest latest satellite imagery taken from google earth on wednesday shows further construction.
the congress said that modi government had in january denied any such construction and the apparent chinese threat in response to questions posed by it, but later admitted in parliament that the chinese army had undertaken construction of some infrastructure.
b'new delhi: former delhi cm sheila dikshit speaks at a press meet at indian womens press corps in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti photo) new delhi: former delhi cm sheila dikshit speaks at a press meet at indian womens press corps in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti photo)sheila dikshits candidature was finally announced thursday at the aicc headquarters in new delhi, a day after uttar pradesh congress in-charge ghulam nabi azad shied away from naming her as the partys cm face for the upcoming uttar pradesh elections.
if congress is voted to power, dikshit could very well go on to become the second leader in the history of indian politics, after narayan dutt tiwari, to become chief minister in two states.
tiwari served as chief minister of up three times, but his stints were very brief and did not last for more than a year.
he became chief minister of uttarakhand in 2002 and went on to serve a full term.
watch video: congress names sheila dikshit as up cm candidateread | sheila dikshit named congress up cm candidateother contemporary leaders who have had the distinction of serving in various capacities in two states are bjps uma bharti and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
bharti was forced to resign as chief minister in madhya pradesh just after a year in the post after an fir was registered against her in a 1994 riot case.
after being forced out of the party, she returned in 2012 to head the bjp campaign in up.
she won as an mla from charkhari, but the bsp was voted to power.
read | sheila dikshit, the leader whose delhi success congress wants to project in upwatch video: whats making newssushma swaraj also had a brief stint as chief minister of delhi, becoming the first female leader in the ut to assume the role.
she resigned after failing to control rising prices of essential commodities.
before becoming chief minister, swaraj previously served as education minister for three years in haryana under the coalition government of bjp-lok dal.
however, it will be an uphill task for sheila and the congress to come to power in the up given the present politcal scenario in the state.
dikshit has previously served for 15 years as the chief minister of delhi till she was ousted by the aam aadmi party in 2013.
during her rule, the capital saw rapid development with key infrastructure projects such as the delhi metro project taking off.
however, allegations of rampant corruption during the common wealth games in 2010 and poor handling of the brutal december 2012 gangrape proved to be her undoing in the run-up to the polls.
naming diskhit as the partys chief ministerial candidate might give the congress an outside change as she comes with a strong track record of governance.
b'pv sindhu will now play the gold medal match against spaniard world no.
1 carolina marin.
(source: pti) pv sindhu will now play the gold medal match against spaniard world no.
1 carolina marin.
(source: pti)with pv sindhu assuring india of a silver medal in womens singles in the ongoing rio olympics by crusing japans noxomi okuhara, prime minister narendra modi on thursday showered praises on the ace shuttler and wished her all the best for her final encounter against world no, 1 carolina marin.
superb performance @pvsindhu.
you make india proud!
best of luck for the finals.
#rio2016, he said in a tweet.
president pranab mukherjee also took to twitter to the the shuttler.
hearty congratulations #pvsindhu, well played, all the best for the finals #presidentmukherjee, he tweeted.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also congratulated sindhu for assuring india a second medal.
after sweeping aside her japanese opponen in the first game, the 21-year old lank shuttler from hyderabad continued her rich vein of form to dominate the second game as well.
congress president sonia gandhi also congratulated sindhu for her inspiring victory.
pv sindhu is in final.
winning moment in semi-final olympic 2016p.v. sindhu has made the entire nation proud by her spirited game, she said in her message to the player.
sindhu, two time bronze medallist at world championship, registered an emphatic 21-19,21-10 victory in the thrilling semi-final contest that lasted 49 minutes to become the only the second woman player in badminton to win an olympic medal after saina nehwal.
sindhu will also become the fifth indian woman to clinch a medal in olympics history after karnam mallerswari, mary kom, saina nehwal and sakshi malik.
pv sindhu inches towards historic olympic goldin addition to this, sindhu will also become the first indian woman badminton player to win a gold or silver medal in the prestigious quadrennial event.
earlier, sindhu had kicked off her rio olympics campaign with a 22-20,21-19 victory over yihan wang of china in a grueling quarterfinal contest.
sindhu who has assured india of its second medal in the ongoing olympic after bronze medallist, sakshi malik, will now play the gold medal match against spaniard world no.
1 carolina marin.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti)taking a stern view of the bad shape of the passport office in bengaluru, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today directed officials to conduct random checks of such buildings and lease new office spaces.
the minister who received complaints about the bad condition of the bengaluru passport office on twitter said, passport work cannot be carried out through windows.
i keep getting complaints about the passport office in bengaluru.
if a passport office in such a mega city is in a bad shapepassports have to be issued through windows?
how will it work if passport offices are operated through windows, she said while instructing the ministry officials to do the needful at the earliest.
watch video: whats making newsaddressing a conference of passport officials, she said the efficiency of passport offices has improved significantly over the last one year without increasing its strength.
the external affairs minister instructed the officers to do random checking on passport buildings which were not in good shape.
if need arises, rent a property at the earliest as constructing a new building would take time, she added.
b'dis-appointmentdo we need more conclusive proof of the upa government being cack-handed than the fact that it appointed p. j. thomas as cvc without knowing his previous service records and testimonials (latest excuse: didnt tell pm of case,ie,january 28)?
the government is exposing its ineptness,in the process of hiding its previous blunders and indiscretions.
for the re-employment even of a clerk in government service,a conduct and performance report is sought.
here the government did not deem it necessary to inform the pm about the credentials of a person being appointed to a very sensitive post.
satwant kaurmahilpurthe attorney general,g.e. vahanvati,is pleading the case of the appointment of p. j. thomas as cvc in an astonishing way.
he had earlier said impeccable integrity was not a factor of consideration in such appointments.
now he has not only said that experience and knowledge cannot be sacrificed at the altar of integrity but has also told the court that the fact he was an accused in a pending case was not informed.
that the state government gave sanction under section 120-b was also not informed.
the only information was the bio-data,which did not include these facts.
the committee goes by what is placed before it.
it is well known that the leader of the opposition,sushma swaraj,one of the three members on the appointment panel,had not only objected to thomas appointment on the ground that he was an accused in the palmolein import scam but also recorded her note of dissent.
m.c. joshi lucknowstaying the coursedespite sushmaswaraj swarajs dissent note,the government went ahead with p. j. thomas appointment as cvc,breaking from the convention of unanimity in selection.
it violated another principle: that the candidate should be of impeccable integrity.
although thomas hasnt been proved guilty,its appalling that even now the attorney general denies knowledge of the charges pending against the cvc.
on top of it,the ag tries to justify this on some specious plea and has only managed to drive the government into a corner.
h.r.b. satyanarayanamysoreruling out rulesread together,t.s.r. subramanians the man and the machine (ie,january 28) and the report,latestexcuse: didnt tell pm of case,one gets the uneasy feeling that nothing is impossible for upa 2.
if this is how ministers,including the pm,give the rule of law a wide berth,can anything be ruled out?
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with family members of 39 persons captured by isis in mosul.
(photo-ani) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with family members of 39 persons captured by isis in mosul.
swaraj, who had sought a meeting with the families, which is the ninth since the abduction of these indians in june 2014, also assured them that the government was fully and continuously engaged and every possible effort was being made to ensure their release.
according to official sources, the minister told them that during a meeting with palestinian president mahmoud abbas, the leader informed her that the indians are alive and made to work in war-torn iraq as per his governments intelligence information.
swaraj had travelled to palestine and israel on january 17 and 18.
the minister also referred to her visit to bahrain on january 23 for the first india-arab league cooperation forum and said during the meeting, a declaration was adopted which said, the two sides expressed concern at the kidnapping of 39 indian workers in mosul in iraq in june 2014 and 3 indian workers in sirte in libya in june 2015.
the arab side expressed full solidarity with india in all efforts for their early release from captivity.
the indians were kidnapped by islamic militant group isis from a construction site in mosul.
b'kulbhushan jadhavs death sentence was overturned by the international court of justice on thursday.
(file photo) kulbhushan jadhavs death sentence was overturned by the international court of justice on thursday.
(file photo)the international court of justice (icj) on thursday overturned the death sentence against indian navy veteran kulbhushan jadhav by a pakistani military court.
in the icjs interim order, an 11-judge bench unanimously observed that india has presented sufficient evidence to prove that jadhav is at risk of being executed ahead of the courts final order.
it directed pakistan to ensure jadhav is not executed pending its final verdict, even though jadhavs clemency period will end in august.
read: icj rules in india favour, stays executionhere are some reactions to the verdict:prime minister narendra modi: pm modi expressed satisfaction at the judgement of international court of justice.
he also thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and congratulated advocate harish salve, who represented india at the hague, reported news agency pti.
amit shah, bjp president: india welcomes icjs decision to stay the execution of kulbhushan jadhav.
this brings immense relief to his family and to the entire nation.
this is a result of tireless efforts of our mea smt sushmaswaraj swaraj and her team, that handled the matter proactively.
india under the decisive leadership of pm shri narendra modi stands firmly for the safety of each and every citizen of our country.
sushma swaraj, minister of external affairs: the icj order has come as a great relief to the familly of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india.
we are grateful to mr. harish salve for presenting indias case so effectively before the icj.
i assure the nation that under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi we will leave no stone unturned to save kulbhushan jadhav.
i compliment my team of officers in the mea for their tireless efforts and hard work.
arun jaitley, defence minister: well done!
harish salve  you have done india proud.
icj verdict endorses the relevance and necessity of procedural and substantive fairness which was denied by pakistan.
congratulations to eam smt.
sushma swaraj ji and the entire hague team.
relief and satisfaction as the icj order has come  rule of law has won.
rajnath singh, home minister: icjs decision to stay the execution of kulbhushan jadhav gives people of india a deep sense of satisfaction and relief, he was quoted as saying by ani.
venkaiah naidu, i&b minister: major victory for india in the kulbhushan jadhav case.
icj upholds indias right to consular access, put a stay on death execution.
justice prevails.
icj staying execution of kukbhushan jadhav has exposed pakistan.
im sure final order too will go in our favour.
compliment efforts of sushmaswaraj swaraj ji for taking right initiatives in the case that has led to this major victory and justice.
suresh prabhu, railways minister: icj decision in kulbhushan jadhav matter a great victory for india.
congratulations to sushmaswaraj swaraj ji!
leadership hon.
pm narendra modi.
strong leader, iron will, all citizens interest at heart, results in justice for kulbhushan jadhav.
bandaru dattatreya, mos (ic) labour and employment: commendable job done by smt.
sushma swaraj and the indian lawyer harish salve as icj stays death sentence to kulbhushan jadhav by pakistan.
under the able leadership of pm shri narendra modi, the government is taking extraordinary initiatives to save jadhav.
acche din.
dharmendra pradhan, minister of state (ic) petroleum & natural gas: congratulations to hon mea sushmaswaraj swaraj ji, her team & harish salve ji for their efforts in securing stay in kulbhushan jadhav case at icj.
despite being a signatory of vienna convention, denial of consular access by pakistan highlights their defiance to international treaties.
parshottam rupala, mos agriculture, farmers welfare & panchayati raj: a big victory for indian diplomacy international court of justice put stay on kulbhushan jadhav death penalty.
international court of justice has asked pakistan to give counselor access to kulbhushan jadhav, long way to go yet a big outcome.
gulam nabi azad, congress leader: the case against kulbhushan jadhav by pakistan was a sham and was in gross violation of international law as his execution was ordered by a kangaroo court without consular access.
it is appreciated that the world court saw reason in the indian appeal, reported pti.
manish tewari, congress leader: government of india must use the icj decision as a trigger to bring kulbhushan jadhav back.
icj has given a favorable decision, he told ani.
randeep s surjewala, congress spokesperson: icj order on kulbhushan jadhav brings welcome relief.
goi should use full diplomatic might & efforts at all fora to ensure his safe return.
mukul rohatgi, attorney general: indian stand is victorious, congratulate all concerned persons, especially the external affairs ministry.
hope that the final decision also comes indias way and we can see mr. jadhav come back home.
the entire thing was a charade, pakistan completely blown by this decision.
the decision is certainly binding for both states, he told ani.
tilak devasher (former special secretary, cabinet secretariat: comprehensive and unambiguous decision.
weve managed to save kulbhushan jadhav from jaws of death, he told ani.
pp chaudhary, mos law: nation is very happy.
there is no evidence against kulbhushan jadhav, trail against him is illegal.
void and abusive.
(ap photo/seth wenig) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj announced that the 39 indians kidnapped by isis in iraq are still alive.
the external affairs minister also said india was in touch with top authorities in bangladesh after a priest of rama krishna mission in dhaka received death threat.
the way we are going ahead, i think it will be resolved soon.
watch video: whats making newsmasih, who had managed to flee from captivity of the isis, claimed all the 39 indians had been killed.
swaraj questioned masihs claim saying two heads of states in the gulf region told her, prime minister narendra modi and president pranab mukherjee that the indians were alive.
i am not giving false assurance.
if i had confirmation that they were killed, then definitely, i would have sought apology from their families with folded hands and said they were killed.
their killing in such a situation in mosul in iraq would not have been blamed on me.
when i say they are alive, i have taken on myself a major responsibility of tracing them.
nobody except harjit masih said they were killed.
i will do injustice to them if i say they have been killed.
it is painful for us.
we are in touch with top authorities.
more than 3,000 people have been arrested.
sheikh hasina is taking strong action.
more than this, i am happy that islamic clerics and religious leaders have issued a fatwa saying these kinds of activities are anti-islamic and it has been signed by one lakh religious leaders, she said.
she said the government will help people of all religions and not only the hindus.
after india decided not to use the pakistani airspace for prime minister narendra modis flight to bishkek to attend the sco summit, islamabad said wednesday that they are ready to open their airspace specifically for prime minister narendra modis vvip flight to bikshek to attend the sco summit.
advertisingearlier on wednesday, the ministry of external affairs confirmed that pm modis vvip aircraft wont fly through pakistans airspace en route to kyrgyzstans bikshek.
the government of india had explored two options for the route to be taken by the vvip aircraft to bishkek.
a decision has now been taken that the vvip aircraft will fly via oman, iran and central asian countries on the way to bishkek, mea spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
read | bishkek summit: xi, modi meeting confirmed, likely to discuss us trade frictionadvertisingpakistans aviation minister ghulam sarwar khan said that an application to open the airspace was received by the aviation division from the indian high commission on monday.
sarwar khan said that after holding consultations with all the stakeholders, prime minister imran khan had directed to open the airspace for pm modis flight as a goodwill gesture.
read | pakistan decides to let pm modis plane fly over its airspace to bishkek summit: reportstate-run radio pakistan reported that the airspace will be open for a period of 72 hours during which air india plane b 747-400, with pm modi onboard, will fly to bikshek from new delhi on thursday and return the next day.
pm imran khan, who will also attend the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit on june 13 and june 14, gave rise to speculations that he might hold a meeting with pm modi on the sidelines of the multilateral forum to ease the tensions in bilateral ties after the pulwama terror attack.
however, mea on wednesday made it clear that no such meeting has been arranged between the two leaders.
read | pm modi to hold talks with xi jinping, putin on sidelines of sco summitpakistan, last month, had given special permission to then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to use its airspace when she was attending the sco foreign ministers meet in bishkek.
the country had fully closed its airspace after the indian air force attacked a jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terrorist training camp in balakot on february 26, a few days after the pulwama attack, which killed 40 crpf personnel on february 14.
b'ignoring perceived opposition from veteran l k advani and some other senior leaders,bjp today anointed narendra modi as its election campaign committee chairman for the 2014 polls,just short of making him the prime ministerial candidate.
the indian express had first reported in february 2013 that modi will head bjps 2014 election campaign.
modi,considered a polarising figure after the post-godhra riots in 2002,was handed over the responsibility of the partys election campaign at the two-day meeting of the national executive from which advani kept away citing ill health as did some other leaders including jaswant singh,uma bharati and shatrughan sinha.
i want to give you a significant information.
i have announced (at the national executive) that gujarat chief minister narendra modi as chairman of the bjp election campaign committee,keeping in mind the challenge of the 2014 lok sabha elections and to achieve victory in the polls, party president rajnath singh told the media at the conclusion of the deliberations.
the announcement,which was received with a huge round of clappoing and standing ovation in the meeting,was made in a terse statement by singh who was flanked by leaders of opposition in parliament sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley,former president m venkaiah naidu,general secretary ananth kumar among others.
no questions were taken at the media interaction.
whatever has happened has happened on the basis of consensus, singh said without elaborating.
the decision to plump for modi in a crucial role came after two days of deliberations and dilemma in a virtual gamble to galvanise the cadre ignoring the claims of advani,so far considered tallest party leader after vajpayee.
shortly after his anointment,modi declared at a public meeting that goa has been lucky for him as in 2002 he had got the licence to run gujarat.
i am confident that i will complete the task that has been entrusted to me by rajnathji, he said to a thunderous applause from the party cadre.
in his 45-minute address,he referred to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee but did not once take the name of advani,who is said to be having reservations over his elevation in the party.
but he had earlier tweeted that he had talked to advani and got his blessings.
ironically,it was advani who is said to have intervened in goa in 2002 for modi when vajpayee wanted his resignation in the aftermath of the post-godhra riots.
the public meeting,which was attended by singh,arun jaitley among others,was skipped by senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
at the meeting,he launched the partys campaign for the next years polls attacking the congress,prime minister manmohan singh and congress president sonia gandhi accusing them of non serious governance.
he promised to carry forward the unfinished agenda of vajpayee.
earlier,anointing modi,singh said all parties view elections as a challenge and bjp also viewed the coming lok sabha elections as a challenge and modis elevation was done keeping in mind the need to achieve victory.
we are absolutely sure that the congress-led upa government has lost the confidence of the people and are confident that the bjp will be voted to power in the 2014 elections, he said.
modi said in a tweet that advani has given his blessings to him after singhs announcement.
spoke to advaniji on the phone.
he gave me his blessings.
honoured and extremely grateful to receive his blessings.
senior leaders have reposed faith in me.
we will leave no stone unturned for congress-mukht bharat nirman (building india free of congress).
thanks for support and blessings, he said in another tweet message.
todays decision of bjp could also be seen as a gamble to perk up the partys prospects after its defeat in two consecutive lok sabha elections.
throughout the whole of yesterday,there was media speculation that the party could defer an announcement on modi.
one version was that advani wanted that modi should be made head of the campaign for the assembly elections,including in states like madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh,later this year.
party sources said singh resolved the dilemma after it was felt the meeting should not conclude without a result as it would lead to demoralisation of the cadre.
hence,the announcement was made,they said.
the announcement of modis elevation towards the end of singhs valedictory address at the national executive session was received with cheers and standing ovation.
one of the delegates said there was clapping for five minutes as a signal of acceptance of the decision on modi.
addressing the rally,rajnath singh demanded resignation of prime minister manmohan singh contending that the cbi probe into coal block allocation pointed a finger at him.
rajnath singh wondered how a prime minister against whom allegations of corruption have been levelled can be a source of inspiration.
he accused congress of giving slogans for eliminating poverty and unemployment but not fulfilling its poll promises.
congress has been in power for a maximum number of years post independence.
how much more time does it want to eliminate poverty and unemployment, the bjp president asked.
jaitley said modis elevation in the party has encouraged workers to work hard towards achieving the goal of ousting congress from power.
rajnath singhs decision has given a new dimension to politics, he said,adding the elevation of modi was a good beginning.
our goal is to oust congress and form bjp-led government at the centrewell begun is half done, jaitley said.
modi attacked the upa government at the centre and said the country needed to be free from congress rule.
he accused congress of taking people for granted and adopting a non-serious approach towards governance.
modi said congress did not believe in democratic institutions and was in no mood to accept the federal structure of the constitution.
he claimed that the congress established a national advisory council chaired by sonia gandhi to function over and above the planning commission.
there was a time when congress was in power from panchayat to parliament.
but when it began losing power in states,it never allowed other parties to complete their tenure in government by misusing article 356 (for imposing central rule).
at times it triggered defection in opposition parties and also turned raj bhavans (governors residence) into congress bhavans, modi claimed.
modi accused congress of misusing cbi claiming there was not one opposition leader left who did not have a cbi case against him.
earlier,when reporters sought senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swarajs reaction on modis elevation,she declined to make any comment.
naidu told pti that singh had spoken to advani yesterday and today on the elevation of modi.
however,sources close to advani said there was no discussion on the issue between singh or other bjp leaders or from the rss either today or yesterday.
party spokesperson siddarth nath singh said rajnath singh announced in the executive meeting that advani has given his consent to the decision.
party sources said with his todays elevation,modi will oversee the partys election campaign across the country for creating a national mood and enthusiasm among the party cadre and the public.
they said rss had conveyed to bjp that it should go ahead with the announcement on modi.
goa chief minister manohar parrikar,who came with a demand that modi be declared the prime ministerial candidate,said,it is a good decision taken firmly.
it is a decision of everyone and based on public opinion.
you should have seen the clapping after the announcement was made, he told reporters on the reaction among delegates to singhs announcement.
jd(u),which is opposed to modi being made the bjp prime ministerial candidate,sought to play down the bjp decision saying it was an internal matter of bjp as he has been made only the chief of his partys campaign committee and not nda.
nda will decide its prime ministerial candidate, jd(u) president sharad yadav said.
b'the bjp has lined up its top leadership, including 45 union ministers and nearly a dozen senior leaders, to attend events across 29 districts in uttar pradesh as part of the nda governments second anniversary celebrations beginning with the prime ministers public meeting in saharanpur on may 26.
the politically crucial state goes to the assembly polls early next year.
the pm will address a meeting in saharanpur on thursday marking the beginning of a week-long vikas parv (development festival) to highlight his governments achievements during his two years in power, bjp state spokesman vijay bahadur pathak said in lucknow.
bjp president amit shah is also likely to address public meetings during the exercise that will go on till june 10.
watch | union minister sripad naik on cm candidate for goa bjpfinance minister arun jaitely will be in lucknow and road and highways minister nitin gadkari in kanpur, while newly-elected president of bcci and national president of bjps youth wing anurag thakur and hrd minister smriti irani will be in gorakhpur to participate in programmes on separate dates.
health minister j p nadda and labour minister bandaru dattatreya will be in varanasi, modis lok sabha constituency, while their ministerial colleagues harsimrat kaur and manoj sinha will visit agra.
according to bjp sources, the other leaders who are scheduled to attend events in up are: rural development minister chaudhary birender singh and former uttarakhand cm ramesh pokhriyal (bareilly), external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and mos minority affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi (noida), urban development minister m venkaiah naidu and mos finance jayant sinha (allahabad), defence minister manohar parrikar and mos, social justice and empowerment vijay sampla (ghaziabad), railways minister suresh prabhu and mos, agriculture, sanjeev balyan (meerut), law minister dv sadananda gowda and mos, panchayati raj, nihalchand (aligarh), minority affairs minister najma heptulla (muzaffarnagar) and mos, ayush, sripad naik (bahraich).
watch video | shiv sena breaks 25-year alliance with bjp in maharashtra, to go solo in bmc electionsunion ministers ravi shankar prasad (mathura), narendra singh tomar (etawah), krishna pal (badaun), ram vilas paswan and giriraj singh (rae bareli), jual oram and rajyavardhan singh rathore (mirzapur), radha mohan singh (jhansi), babul supriyo (deoria), thaawar chand gehlot (shahjahanpur) and mansukhbhai vasava (hardoi), radhakrishnan p (gorakhpur) will also address events.
riding on modi wave, bjp had swept the lok sabha polls in 2014 in the state despite being pushed to the margins by samajwadi party and bahujan samaj patry for much of the earlier 15 years.
the two regional outfits are perceived to have recovered much of the lost ground since the lok sabha polls, ensuring that the bjp has its task cut out as far as its return to power is concerned.
during vikas parv, the mps would participate in jan chaupal programmes up to block level and apprise people of the achievements and programmes of the centre, the spokesperson said, adding that party workers would also cover 20,000 gram sabhas which were left out during gram uday to bharat uday campaign in first phase.
pathak said it has been decided to constitute divisional and district level units between may 31 and june 7.
b'friends and relatives with raj rani and neeraj, wife and son of pritpal sharma (top) of dhuri in sangrur, punjab, who was killed in iraq.
(express photo by gurmeet singh) friends and relatives with raj rani and neeraj, wife and son of pritpal sharma (top) of dhuri in sangrur, punjab, who was killed in iraq.
(express photo by gurmeet singh)all 39 indian men abducted by islamic state in iraq in 2014 are dead.
this statement by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament on tuesday brought down curtains on hopes of the family members of the 39 missing indian construction workers being alive.
while some questioned why the government kept them in the dark, others sought refuge in grief and demanded assistance from the centre.
among the 39 indians who were missing, most were from different places in punjab like amritsar, gurdaspur, hoshiarpur, kapurthala, and jalandhar, while a few belonged to himachal pradesh and bihar.
several relatives of the deceased workers assailed the government for not informing them about the incident before making it public.
the government kept us in the dark all these years.
now after four years, they are making such a shocking statement, said sarwan whose 31-year-old brother nishan was among those killed.
he recalled that swaraj had met them 11 to 12 times and every time assured that the missing indians were still alive.
pritpal sharma of dhuri in sangrur, punjab, who was killed in iraq.
pritpal sharma of dhuri in sangrur, punjab, who was killed in iraq.
we met the union minister (swaraj) 11 to 12 times and were told that as per their sources, the missing indians are alive.
they have been saying that harjit masih, the lone survivor, is a liar.
if your sources have been saying they were alive and now suddenly what happened.
the government should have told us they have no information about missing indians rather than making false statements, pti quoted sarwan, who last heard his brothers voice on june 21, 2014, as saying.
gurpinder kaur, whose 27-year-old younger brother manjinder singh was among the missing indians.
(source: ani)calling it the governments biggest failure, sarwan said for the past few months they were not given a chance to meet swaraj.
most of the missing indians were from punjab.
when the government could save nurses from kerala why it completely failed in saving other indians, he asked.
himachal pradeshs rajesh chand, whose son aman was among the 39 indians killed in iraq, said he had no demands from the government since he had already lost his loved one.
he had left for iraq in 2013.
he used to talk to me every friday.
the government kept saying that they are all safe.
what demand do i make from them?
i have already lost him, chand, who hails from kangra, said.
a hapless and dejected puroshottam tiwari too seethed at the governments actions.
at a loss for words, tiwari, whose nephew vidya bhushan tiwari was among the 39 dead, said he had been pleading with the centre since 2014 to bring the missing indians back.
i dont know what to say.
since 2014 i had been pleading with the government to bring him back somehow and today they say that he is no more, tiwari, who lives in bihars siwan district said.
also read: harjit masih on 39 indians killed in iraq: my stand vindicated, case against me should be withdrawnan inconsolable gurpinder kaur, whose 27-year-old younger brother manjinder singh was among the missing indians also asked similar questions.
initially, they were saying the indians are alive.
now the minister today made such a statement, kaur said.
manjinder singh, who was into farming, was pushed into iraq by fraudulent travel agents, she claimed.
manjinder singh wanted to go to dubai, said kaur.
i am trying to know from the government how all this happened, she said.
the family of gobinder singh learnt about the shattering news also from tv channels.
we have not received yet received any call from the union ministry about the confirmation of the death of 39 indians, said davinder singh, the deceaseds younger brother.
we now request the government to announce financial help and give a government job to the son of gobinder singh so he can take care of his family, singh said.
we just got false assurances from the government, said dimplejeet kaur, sister of dharminder kumar (27).
all our hopes were dashed today, she said.
kumar went to iraq to earn for his family in 2014.
he was a resident of village talwandi jhira in gurdaspur district.
as many as 40 indians were originally abducted by terrorist organisation is in june 2015 from mosul in iraq but one of them escaped by posing as a muslim from bangladesh.
minister of state for external affairs v k singh will be flying to iraq to bring back the bodies on a special flight.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti photo/file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti photo/file)in her latest humanitarian gesture, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has come to the aid of a four-month-old pakistani child, rohaan, who needs urgent medical attention.
responding to the appeal of rohaans father, who is from lahore, swaraj has offered a medical visa to the infant who has a hole in his heart and will now be treated in jaypee hospital situated in noida.
the move comes a month after the indian government declared that only those medical visa applications will be considered that have a recommendation from pakistans foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz.
the parents of the four-month-old child were not being granted a medical visa owing to the strained relationships between the neighbouring nations.
rohaans father, kanwal saadik, appealed to swaraj for help on twitter, informing her about the childs critical condition that required immediate attention.
why my bud suffers for medical treatment!
!
any answers sir sartaaj azeez or maam sushma?
?
pic.
twitter.com/p0mgk0xybj  ken sid (@kensid2) may 24, 2017a desperate saadik received a positive response from the indian external affairs minister who said the political issues between the nations will not stand in the way of the childs treatment and assured him of the medical visa.
no.
the child will not suffer.
pls contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa.
pic.
twitter.com/4adwkfv6ht http://t.
co/olvo3oiymb  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 31, 2017rohaan, who will arrive in india on monday, has also been welcomed by the hospital authorities who will ensure that their little patient is treated well.
keeping aside the tensions between the two countries, the minister did a noble act of thinking about the childs health.
we welcome the baby and family and are pleased to know that with our expert doctors and world class services that we provide, we are able to build trust for us in people across nations, jaypee hospital ceo manoj luthra said.
paediatric cardiologist ashutosh marwah will first treat rohaan, following which he will undergo a heart surgery that will be carried out by paediatric cardiac surgeon rajesh sharma.
b'the prime minister, shri narendra modi meeting the president of russian federation, mr. vladimir putin, in moscow, russia on december 24, 2015.
the prime minister, shri narendra modi meeting the president of russian federation, mr. vladimir putin, in moscow, russia on december 24, 2015.
in a major boost to their energy ties, india and russia on september 13 launched a working group for creating an energy bridge for a possible direct gas delivery from russia and also directed their concerned ministries to finalise concrete outcomes in key areas of trade and investment by the next months summit between prime minister narendra modi and russian president vladimir putin.
the discussions were held during the 22nd indo-russia intergovernmental commission meeting on september 13 which were co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin.
the intergovernmental commission reviewed the preparations for the forthcoming india-russia annual summit to be held in goa on 15 october 2016.
while expressing satisfaction at the progress made in regard to some projects, the commission also directed concerned ministries and departments to focus on key sectors in the trade & investment spheres to finalise concrete outcomes by the forthcoming summit in october 2016, mea said after the meeting.
noting that on the investment front, there has been substantial progress with expanding cooperation in oil and gas sphere, mea in a release said indian and russian oil and gas companies are working towards finalisation of investments in each others countries.
both sides launched an industry level working group- led by gazprom, biggest russian gas company, and a consortium of indian oil and gas companies- for creating an energy bridge between the two countries through possible gas pipelines for direct gas delivery from russia to india, it said.
india and russia reiterated their strong desire to further broaden their strategic cooperation with emphasis on key sectors such as nuclear energy, space, modernisation, high technology, disaster management, and supercomputing.
asserting that a new milestone was recently achieved in the india-russia cooperation in nuclear energy with the dedication of unit 1 of the kudankulam nuclear power project by modi and putin last month, it said the two sides renewed their commitment to work together on remaining stages of kudankulam 2,3,4,5 and 6; and other projects through localisation under the make in india programme.
stating that connectivity was a major theme of discussion during the meeting, it noted that implementation of the international north south transport corridor (instc) project and the launch of the green corridor project for customs facilitation are major steps towards better connectivity and trade facilitation.
cooperation between indian and russian railways in the field of dedicated freight corridor, modernisation of railway stations, and training of railway personnel emerged as a new area to broaden cooperation in transports and logistics, it added.
india-russia cooperation in pharmaceutical sector is also expanding rapidly with indian companies closely engaging with russian partners to develop cooperation under the russian pharma 2020 programme.
on the sidelines of the commissions meeting, an indian company wockhardt and a russian company pharmeco signed an agreement for joint project for insulin production in russia under the pharma 2020 programme.
student and faculty exchange, cultural cooperation and tourism have emerged as new areas for bilateral cooperation, it said, noting that there has been 20 per cent increase in the number of indian students studying in russia, while there has been 14 per cent increase in russian tourist visiting india in recent months.
it further said that a series of activities were being planned to celebrate the 70th anniversary of establishment of diplomatic relations between india and the erstwhile ussr (now russian federation) in 2017.
there will be a new emphasis on promoting cooperation among various states in india and federal regions in russia, especially the far east region of russia- as attractive investment destinations, it added.
beijing: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping at meeting at the great hall of the people in beijing monday.
pti photo beijing: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping at meeting at the great hall of the people in beijing monday.
pti photoa day after it was announced that prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping will meet in an informal summit on april 27 and 28 in wuhan in central china, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday met the top chinese leadership, including president xi and vice-president wang qishan in beijing.
swaraj, who is in china to attend the shanghai cooperation organisations (sco) foreign ministers meeting, called on the chinese president along with other participating ministers at the great hall of people.
earlier in the day, swaraj met vice president qishan at zhongnanhai in beijing.
the announcement of the informal summit comes in the backdrop of increased diplomatic interaction between india and china as both countries work towards a reset of ties after relations strained recently.
even as both sides carried on with preparations for the summit, chinese minister of foreign affairs wang yi also met his pakistan counterpart khwaja muhammad asif and asserted chinas continued support to pakistan.
the pakistan foreign minister said pakistan was happy that india and china were holding informal meetings.
we believe that this will play an active role in regional peace and improvement of relations between countries.
asif said.
swaraj on monday also met the foreign ministers of uzbekistan and kyrgyzstan and discussed ways of strengthening bilateral cooperation with the central asian nations.
she attended a programme titled contribution of hindi in india-china friendship organised by the india embassy in which she asked indians and chinese to learn each others language as it will help them overcome communication barriers.
kulbhushan jadhav (file photo) kulbhushan jadhav (file photo)after indian government warned pakistan of consequences over the sentencing of indian national and former navy officer kulbhushan jadhav, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif on tuesday said his armed forces are fully capable and prepared to respond to any spectrum of threat.
sharifs remark came on the heels of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs statement in lok sabha.
addressing the lower house, swaraj had asserted that india will go out of way to ensure justice to kulbhushan jadhav, and warned pakistan of severe consequence to the bilateral relationship with india if it goes ahead with his execution.
while indo-pak tension over the death sentence awarded to kulbhushan jadhav by a military court is gathering storm, this statement from sharif confirms that pakistan establishment is not showing any sign of backtracking on the decision.
sharif also said, pakistan wants good relations with all countries, particularly its neighbours.
jadhav, the 46-year-old former naval officer, has been sentenced to death on suspicion of espionage and sabotage activities against pakistan.
reacting strongly to the move, india on monday summoned pakistan high commissioner abdul basit in new delhi and warned islamabad that it will be a case of premeditated murder if pakistan goes ahead with the execution.
pakistan is a peace loving country and has always maintained the policy of having friendly relations with othercountries particularly its neighbours, sharif said.
sharif, however, said despite our desire for peaceful coexistence, we cannot remain oblivious to defending our sovereignty and protecting our independence.
amid call for opposition unity to take on bjp post assembly polls in five states, ncp on friday said the writing on the wall was clear for congress and asked it to respect everyone to halt the saffron partys juggernaut by stitching alliance.
it also dismissed the bjps claims of congress-mukt bharat (congress-free india), saying the situation was instead of a congress-yukt bharat, referring to the outcome of assembly polls in punjab, manipur and goa.
the congress gained majority in punjab and emerged the single largest party in manipur and goa in the polls held during february and march.
the message for the congress (post uttarakhand and uttar pradesh polls) is clear, respect everyone and expect everyone.
in order to fight the bjp ideologically, politically and electorally, we should have alliance of all democratic political parties, ncp leader d p tripathi said.
tripathi, a rajya sabha mp, said such alliance should be forged, beginning with polls scheduled for the current year including the presidents election.
replying to a query, he supported congress vice president rahul gandhi for charging the bjp with stealing governments in goa and manipur.
the bjp engaged in horse trading there, he alleged.
tripathi also criticised goa governor mridula sinha for allegedly consulting finance minister arun jaitley before the bjp staked claim for forming government in the coastal state despite not being the single largest party there.
she (sinha) herself has said in an interview (to an english daily) that she spoke to the finance minister after the single largest party there, congress, did not show up (to stake claim for forming government).
this is unheard of a governor speaking to finance minister on such issues, unconstitutional, tripathi said.
to a question on lone ncp mla from goa, churchill alemao, backing the bjp during floor test, tripathi said the party has already issued show cause notice to him and sought explanation.
he said the election commission is duty-bound to look into electronic voting machines tampering complaints made by some opposition parties after the assembly polls in five states.
the ncp leader also hit out at clerics in assam for issuing fatwa against 16-year-old singer from the state, nahid afrin, asking her to stay away from music programmes as it is against sharia.
the fatwa is against islam and constitution.
such people should be immediately arrested, he said.
tripathi also demanded that the centre took steps and asked pakistan to trace head priest of hazrat nizamuddin dargah syed asif nizami and his nephew nazim nizami, who have gone missing in the neighbouring country.
meanwhile, india has taken up the matter with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tonight offered to help a nonagenarian indian-origin woman, who was reportedly sent back by her son to india from the us, with visa issues.
thanks for bringing this to my notice.
we will help her, was swarajs response to a report which said 90-year-old kantaben shah has written to prime minister narendra modi to prevent her from being forcibly sent back to the us.
watch what else is making news:according to reports, shah was sent back to india from the us by her younger son without checking her valid visa.
she has appealed for help as she is in no position to go back to the us and does not have a valid visa to stay in india.
shah is resisting her deportation to the us as she wants to spend her last years in her motherland.
in a separate tweet, swaraj, responded to a man seeking medical help for his daughter.
the external affairs minister last week had offered to help the two-day-old infant, who was born in bhopal, with a heart disease.
b'prime minister manmohan singh on monday admitted in parliament that the appointment of p j thomas as central vigilance commissioner was an error of judgement.
in an unconditional act of owning-up,the prime minister sought to diffuse the opposition heat over thomas whose appointment was last week struck down by the supreme court.
the supreme court called the appointment  by a three-member high-powered panel headed by the prime minister  illegal since a criminal case was pending against thomas in a kerala court.
this is for the first time that the highest court has annulled an appointment made by the prime minister of india.
the prime minister reiterated in lok sabha that he accepted full responsibility for the appointment.
he also said: we accept and respect the decision of the supreme court annulling the appointment of p j thomas as cvc.
the opposition has been relentlessly snapping at the governments heels on the cvc issue,and more so,because a member of the three-member panel was opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj who had vehemently made her displeasure clear on thomas appointment.
the other member was home minister p chidambaram.
b'externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file) externail affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by anil sharma/file)punjab aap leader harjot singh bains on thursday sought external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs intervention to rescue 31 indians stuck in saudi arabia and the uae after being lured there by unscrupulous travel agents.
of the 31 indians, 27 are from punjab and the rest from haryana and himachal pradesh, bains said.
the reports about indians being stuck in saudi arabia and the united arab emirates come nearly two weeks after the government brought back the bodies of 38 indians killed by islamic state terrorist group in iraq.
one body was not brought back as dna testing had provided only 70 per cent matching.
they were abducted in 2014 and killed about an year ago.
aam aadmi partys chief spokesperson bains and another party leader jai kishan singh said they have forwarded the details of the indians stuck in the gulf countries to the external affairs ministry.
two days ago, we went to the office of the external affairs minister in delhi.
we have handed over the list of all the 31 persons, including 27 punjabis, who are stuck in the two countries after having been lured there by unscrupulous travel agents.
the list contains details like names of the persons, their contact details, passport number, places of their residence etc, bains said.
a youth from bholath town in kapurthala district is among the 31 indians.
he has been missing for six months, he said.
he said he has urged swaraj to intervene in the matter.
the aap leader said a few of those stuck in the two countries had sent videos showing the difficult situation they were in.
they are living in a pathetic condition and forced to even go without food, bains said.
all the men were promised well-paying jobs and long work visa, but they were duped.
they are now being treated as slaves by their employers who have taken their passports also, he added.
the punjab police has registered 900 cases under the emigration act 1983, punjab travel professional regulation act, 2013, and of cheating under the indian penal code against fraudulent travel agents during the last fiscal.
the police said it has been organising regular campaigns to educate people about legal and safe emigration.
upon his return with the bodies of indians from iraq on april 2, minister of state for external affairs v k singh had said there was no record of any of the 38 indians in any embassy as they had gone to the war-torn country with help from illegal travel agents.
b'mother teresa relics being carried during a vigil of prayer in preparation for the canonization in the st. john in latheran basilica at the vatican.
(source: ap photo) mother teresa relics being carried during a vigil of prayer in preparation for the canonization in the st. john in latheran basilica at the vatican.
(source: ap photo)as the vatican gears up to witness pope francis declare mother teresa as a saint on sunday, people across the world turn online to catch a glimpse of the event.
the canonization ceremony is set to begin at around 2 pm ist.
the vatican has uploaded a live video link for the purpose.
the missionaries of charity center in kolkata has set up three giant screens to air the canonization live.
get the latest updates here.
one of the screens will be in the courtyard, one will be inside mothers room and the third one will be at the chapel upstairs.
immediately after the event, at about 1 pm, there will be a thanksgiving.
prayers will be on from morning, said spokesperson sunita kumar.
watch mother teresas canonization live:the west bengal government too will be putting up screens in different parts of the city to telecast the canonization.
authorities of the west bengal housing infrastructure development corporation (hidco), which had established the mothers wax museum, said screens will be set up across new town.
a documentary depicting the life of mother teresa and her work across the world for the poor and downtrodden will also be screened, said an official.
a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal, led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee are in vatican city to attend the ceremony.
irans foreign minister said on tuesday that extremist individuals in the u.s. government were pursuing dangerous policies, amid a war of words with washington over sanctions.
advertisingmohammad javad zarif was in new delhi for talks with indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj after new delhi stopped purchases of iranian oil this month in the wake of renewed u.s. sanctions.
tensions have risen again after saudi arabia said armed drones had struck two oil pumping stations in the kingdom on tuesday in what it called a cowardly act of terrorism two days after saudi oil tankers were sabotaged off the coast of the united arab emirates.
a u.s. official familiar with american intelligence said iran was a prime suspect in the sabotage although washington had no conclusive proof.
advertisingiran has rejected the allegation and zarif said the issue had figured in the talks with indian leaders.
in this meeting there was also discussion of the worries about the actions and suspicious sabotage in the region  zarif told the official islamic republic news agency.
and we announced that we had predicted these kinds of actions for provoking tension in the region before.
zarif said he discussed the regional situation with his indian counterpart.
in todays meeting we discussed regional issues and the dangers of the policies, extremist individuals in the american government and the region are trying to impose on the region, zarif told irna.
washington wants to block irans oil exports after u.s. president donald trump pulled out of the 2015 accord between iran and six world powers to curb tehrans nuclear programme.
india, which was irans top oil client after china, has suspended imports of iranian oil from this month after washington withdrew waivers to eight nations, including india, which had allowed them to import some iranian oil from november.
there is an expectation from their (iranian) side that we will continue to buy oil, an indian government official who attended the meeting said.
a second indian government source said new delhi would decide on resuming purchases of iranian oil keeping in mind its commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests.
zarifs visit to new delhi was part of irans consultation with other countries in the region including russia, china, turkmenistan, and iraq over the past few days.
the sanctions have more than halved irans oil exports to 1 million barrels per day (bpd) or less, from a peak of 2.
8 million bpd last year.
exports could drop to as low as 500,000 bpd from may, an iranian official told reuters this month.
advertisingbut iran insists on exporting at least 1.
5 million bpd of oil, triple mays expected levels under u.s. sanctions, as a condition for staying in an international nuclear deal, sources with knowledge of iran-eu talks said.
accordng to reports, geeta was reportedly 7 or 8 years old when she was found sitting alone on the samjhauta express by pakistan rangers at the lahore station.
accordng to reports, geeta was reportedly 7 or 8 years old when she was found sitting alone on the samjhauta express by pakistan rangers at the lahore station.
a couple from chandigarh has approached the anti human traffic unit (ahtu) of chandigarh police claiming that geeta, the deaf and mute girl who returned from pakistan after being separated from her parents over a decade ago, was their daughter.
now, the chandigarh police ahtu will send a team to indore to track down geeta.
raj kumar, a resident of sanjay colony, industrial area, phase 1, chandigarh, told ahtu that geeta was his daughter babita, who was lost from sanjay colony, in 2005.
kumar, in his application to the police, said babita was eight years old when she went missing in july 2005.
she was deaf and mute and when she went missing.
we also lodged a report at the industrial area police station, where a ddr (daily diary report) was lodged, mentioned kumar in his application.
he further stated that he had been trying to trace his daughter since 2005.
however, when he learnt about a girl who returned from pakistan and then went missing, he matched geetas photograph with her eight-year-old daughters photograph in the newspaper and then approached the ahtu.
kumar also said that he and his wife were bent on meeting their babita now.
he is also ready to go for dna sampling and have requested the chandigarh police to track geeta and match her dna samples with his.
kumar added that he had tried to meet local mp kirron kher and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi pertaining to the matter, but got no response, following which he has now approached the chandigarh police.
acting on kumars application, the ahtu of chandigarh police has started contacting the officials of the social welfare department in indore to track geeta.
according to police, the complainant, kumar, along with his application to search for his daughter, has attached the photograph of the eight-year-daughter and the school certificate of his daughter, which mentions that she was deaf and mute.
we have received a complaint from raj kumar concerning the matter.
our team will be going to indore to meet geeta, as she is reportedly in indore and we will make geeta meet kumar once and then her dna report will be matched with kumar, who is claiming her to be his daughter, said ravi kumar, sp chandigarh police to chandigarh newsline.
accordng to reports, geeta was reportedly 7 or 8 years old when she was found sitting alone on the samjhauta express by pakistan rangers at the lahore station.
she was then brought back to india in 2015.
b'judith is working for aga khan foundation as senior technical adviser and was scheduled to return to india next week.
judith is working for aga khan foundation as senior technical adviser and was scheduled to return to india next week.
an indian woman working for an international ngo has been kidnapped by suspected militants right outside her office in the heart of kabul and efforts were being made to secure her release.
the woman, identified as judith dsouza, a resident of kolkata, was abducted from taimani area along with two other persons on thursday evening.
judith is working for aga khan foundation as senior technical adviser and was scheduled to return to india next week.
our embassy is in touch with senior afghan authorities and the government is also in touch with her family in kolkata.
all efforts are being made by the afghan authorities to secure her early release, an official source said.
watch video: whats making newsthe womans father d dsouza said in kolkata that the family received information that three persons  judith, a security guard and the driver of the vehicle, were abducted.
i want my daughter back, said a sobbing dsouza.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rang up and spoke to me and assured that the government is making all-out efforts to bring her back, judiths sister agnes dsouza told reporters.
she is your sister and indias daughter.
we are doing everything to rescue her.
pl take care of your sick father.
http://t.
we are doing everything to rescue her.
pl take care of your sick father.
a source said the woman was abducted by suspected militants.
chief executive of aga khan trust for culture, india, ratish nanda said every effort is being made to secure her safe release.
on thursday, june 9, a staff member of the aga khan foundation was abducted.
an investigation by the authorities has been launched, in conjunction with security officials and various partners.
every effort is being made to secure the safe release of the staff member, he said in a statement in new delhi.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with uzma and her family, in new delhi on thursday.
(source: pti photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with uzma and her family, in new delhi on thursday.
(source: pti photo)an indian woman who alleged she was sedated and forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint during her visit to the country returned to india thursday.
she described pakistan as a maut ka kuan (well of death) where women are made to live in terrible conditions.
seated with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, indian deputy high commissioner in islamabad j p singh and senior officials of the ministry of external affairs, uzma ahmed, who is in her twenties and is from new delhi, said: it is easy to enter pakistan but nearly impossible to leave that place.
pakistan is a maut ka kuan.
i have seen women who go there after arranged marriages.
they are miserable and live in terrible conditions.
there are two, three, even four wives in every house, she said.
she said buner, a district in the khyber pakhtunkhwa province of pakistan, where she was taken by tahir ali who married her at gunpoint and took her there after giving her sleeping pills was like a taliban-controlled region.
uzma said had she stayed there for a few more days she would have been dead.
she broke down several times while recalling her ordeal.
she thanked swaraj, indian mission officials and other staffers for ensuring her return.
uzma was allowed by the islamabad high court wednesday to return to india.
she had approached the court, seeking its direction after her husband seized her immigration papers and refused to return them.
uzma crossed over to india through the wagah border crossing near amritsar.
she was accompanied by indian mission officials and escorted by pakistani police personnel.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
india has secured the release of four indians from syria, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on sunday.
the four indians were arrested by the syrian government in january reportedly when they were on their way to join islamic state isis.
we have secured the release of four indian nationals from syria.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 3, 2016in a series of tweets regarding the development, the external affairs minister said, welcome home arun kumar saini, sarvjit singh, kuldeep singh and joga singh.
i appreciate the officers who facilitated their journey from syria to india.
she said, i had requested (the) deputy prime minister of syria for their release during his visit to india in january this year.
thank you syria.
b'unique honoursupreme court judge justice jasti chelameswar has been bestowed a unique honour.
the mayor of naperville in the us has issued a proclamation declaring october 14, 2016, as justice jasti chelameswar day for, among other things, him being the only dissenting judge on the bench that heard the njac case.
it is learnt that a request was made by one prakasam tata, executive director of the center for transformation of waste technology, naperville, to the city mayor to issue a proclamation in the judges name.
tata is also the distinguished professor of environmental sciences and health at the maharaja institute of medical sciences, vizianagaram, andhra pradesh.
detention dramadrama followed the detention of rahul gandhi thursday evening.
while the police vehicle carrying him and fellow congress mp jyotiraditya scindia left jantar mantar and halted outside 5 ferozeshah road, the spg was under the impression that rahul had been taken to the parliament street police station.
two spg vehicles stood outside the police station.
meanwhile, the police vehicle had stopped at ferozeshah road as the police wanted to release rahul.
the policemen waited for 30 minutes for the congress leaders vehicles to arrive, and eventually took rahul to tughlaq road police station.
all this as delhi congress chief ajay maken, organiser of a candlelight protest, waited for rahul to turn up to begin the protest.
familiar territoryunion minister maneka gandhi, who held her third facebook q&a session on friday, was relieved as the questions were on issues pertaining to her ministry of women and child development.
her two earlier sessions had ample queries on animal welfare and some trolling.
this time, while most questions were on adoption, maternity leave and gender violence, the minister could not entirely stop men from asking for repeal of anti-dowry laws.
helping handexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who plays guardian angel on twitter to indians in distress overseas, on friday took to humour.
as somebody tweeted about his friends lost passport in kuala lumpur, swaraj replied, passports have a very bad habit of getting lost on fridays.
please apply with our mission there.
the twitterati applauded swaraj for her sense of humour apart from being the helping hand.
b'prime narendra modi (left), egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi (right) prime narendra modi (left), egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi (right)the visit of egyptian president abdel fattah al-sisi this week is part of delhis unprecedented political and diplomatic engagement with a volatile region that is so vital to indias security and prosperity.
if delhis approach to the region in the past was defined by political diffidence, pragmatism now shapes the modi governments outreach to the middle east.
unlike his recent predecessors, modi is willing to explore the prospects for a strategic indian role in the region.
recall that the middle east did not figure in the list of foreign policy priorities identified in president pranab mukherjees first speech to parliament under the modi government in mid-2014.
during its initial months in power, the government seemed more interested in underlining its special interest in israel.
its regional diplomacy has come a long way since then.
to be sure, the nda government has brought indias partnership with israel out of the closet.
president mukherjees visit to israel at the end of 2015 was the first by an indian president.
in doing so, modi has also ended delhis obsession of viewing the region solely through the prism of arab-israeli conflict.
no nation in the arab world is making israel the touchstone of relations with the rest of the world.
on his part, the pm, who did not travel to the region during his first year in office, has more than made up since.
over the last one year, the pm visited the united arab emirates, saudi arabia, iran, qatar and turkey.
watch video: india, egypt to fight terrorism together: pm modivice president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the newly appointed minister of state, m.j. akbar, are all contributing to indias new diplomatic activism in the middle east.
the intensity of this engagement stands in contrast to the upa governments passivity in the region.
during his decade-long tenure as pm, manmohan singh barely made it to the region four times.
two of those were for non-aligned summits  in egypt during 2009 and iran during 2012.
indias relations with egypt do indeed reflect the twists and turns in indian foreign policy in the middle east.
indias first prime minister, jawaharlal nehru, unveiled an all-round outreach to the middle east by signing a series of friendship treaties across the region  from iran to turkey.
but egypt was very special.
it was nehrus special bond with egypts gamal abdel nasser that captured the political essence of indias regional policy  bilateral partnership, arab solidarity and the construction of the non-aligned movement.
after nehru and nasser, indias bilateral relations with egypt steadily declined as delhi became increasingly defensive in the middle east.
if the impact of the cold war, the regions shifting international relations and the rise of islamist identity in the middle east produced new constraints on delhi from the 1970s, indias inward economic orientation, an ideological foreign policy and the temptation to elevate domestic political considerations above national interest contributed to delhis steady marginalisation of the region.
indias growing oil imports from the region and its manpower exports did generate greater economic interdependence, but the political class was unwilling to build a strategic edifice on it.
it was only with economic reforms and the reorientation of indias foreign policy since the turn of the 1990s that the middle east began to acquire a new salience in delhi.
one particular problem since the end of the cold war has been the fact that indias gaze towards the middle east has drawn closer towards our own frontiers, especially the gulf region.
this, in turn, contributed to the reduced interest in egypt.
modi, however, appears eager to change this.
thanks to the pms special outreach to sisi at the united nations general assembly last year, the egyptian president has chosen to visit india twice in less than a year.
sisi was in delhi for the africa summit last year.
after nehru, the visits of egyptian leaders to india have been rare.
president mohammed morsi, who rose to become the head of egypt after the arab spring of 2011, was the first to visit india in 2013 after three decades.
neither modi nor his egyptian guest would want to recall morsi, who was ousted from power by sisi in 2013 shortly after his visit to delhi.
under nehru, indias relationship with egypt was not constructed on slogans alone.
nehrus support for nasser on the nationalisation of the suez canal, so central to egypts national identity and economy, was critical in consolidating the partnership.
it was also defined by indias contribution to the construction of the aswan dam on the nile and in exploring joint defence projects like the building of a jet engine and a fighter aircraft.
today as egypt faces many urgent imperatives  defeating the threat to the current political order, accelerating economic modernisation, and regaining its regional primacy  modi must offer unstinting support to sisi.
this must involve four important elements.
first, the pm must publicly affirm indias faith in egypts natural leadership role in the middle east and delhis conviction that it is a matter of time before cairo overcomes some of its current problems and regains its centrality in the region.
second, delhi must outline a set of urgent measures that will help sisi demonstrate quick and visible economic improvement for egyptian citizens.
while delhi cant deploy the kind of resources that beijing can mobilise for massive infrastructure development, there are other areas like job creation that the indian public and private sector could contribute to.
third, modi must seek significant expansion of security cooperation to counter international terrorism in the subcontinent and the middle east.
fourth, delhi and cairo have a common interest in a stable gulf region.
modi and sisi can order their military establishments to develop a coordinated approach to regional security in the gulf.
the context in the middle east today is vastly different from that which brought nehru and nasser together six decades ago.
yet, the current regional dynamic and their common interests suggest there is much that modi and sisi can accomplish together.
pm modi addresses 8th hom conference at new delhi (source: gopal baglay @meaindia via twitter) pm modi addresses 8th hom conference at new delhi (source: gopal baglay @meaindia via twitter)prime minister narendra modi on saturday addressed an indian heads of mission meet, which is brainstorming key foreign policy issues and challenges including indias engagement with major powers as well as strain in ties with pakistan and china.
pm @narendramodi addresses 8th hom conference at new delhi, external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay tweeted along with pictures of the pm addressing the meet being attended by around 120 envoys posted worldwide.
indias engagement with major powers as well as strain in ties with pakistan and china were among key foreign policy issues are being discussed at length at eighth conference of the heads of mission.
the four-day conference, which began on friday, was formally inaugurated by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
the conclave is also expected to discuss major developments globally and how india should mould its policy to deal with them.
envoys have made presentations on the state of indias bilateral relationship with the countries they are posted to.
indias relationship with the trump administration and ties with russia are also likely to figure in the conclave.
the annual meet is taking place at a time when indo-pak ties have nosedived following the beheading of two indian soldiers by the pakistan military in jammu and kashmir and the issue is likely to figure during the discussions.
indias ties with the resource-rich african continent as well as with the gulf countries and the situation in the middle east are also expected to be discussed during the meet.
external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)a 26-year-old indian man has been shot dead allegedly by two masked armed robbers at a convenience store of a gas station in the us washington state, his family saidvikram jaryal, who was working as a clerk in the store at am-pm gas station in yakima city, was behind the counter when two people in masks came in and robbed the store on thursday.
police said the clerk handed the suspects money, but one of the suspects fired at him.
jaryal was taken to the hospital where he later died.
the victim was able to tell officers what happened when they arrived a few minutes later; but tragically, he died a short time later at the hospital, police was quoted as saying by the nbc right now channel.
jaryal hailed from hoshiarpur district in punjab and had shifted to the us about a month ago, his elder brother said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condoled the tragic death after she was informed about the incident by the victims brother through twitter seeking her help to bring back the body.
my heartfelt condolences on your brothers tragic death.
my heartfelt condolences on your brothers tragic death.
i am asking @indianembassyus to provide all help and assistance.
http://t.
co/e30chgyeje  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 7, 2017police are investigating the case and are now looking for two men caught on surveillance camera leaving the store.
somebody knows something.
somebody knows these people.
the still photos show a very recognisable top that one of the suspects is wearing, mike bastinelli, yakima police department said.
the shooter wore a black hoodie with patches of white on he back, mike said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)two brothers, who had allegedly forged a recommendation letter in the name of minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and her personal secretary sathish chandra gupta to obtain passports, were arrested after the letters raised suspicion among the officials at the regional passport office in bengaluru.
aarya roshan and surya roshan, both employed with a private firm in bengaluru, have been booked for forgery and violation of the passport act following a complaint from regional passport officer bharath kumar kuthati.
according to the police, the regional passport office received two letters signed by sushmaswaraj swaraj and her by post on april 4.
the letters recommended issuance of passports to aarya roshan and suryaa roshan who had applied for passports.
passport officials, however, grew suspicious and raised queries with the external affairs ministry about the letters.
they found out that the mea had not dispatched any such letters recommending passports for the roshan brothers.
the duo were arrested when they approached the regional passport officer on monday.
external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)a visa agent from byculla who sent a punjab-based woman on a tourist visa to saudi arabia and allegedly forced her to work there as a domestic help for an arab family has been booked.
the woman returned to india on may 31 after the external affairs ministry intervened to bring her back.
jalandhar-based sukhwant kaur (55) approached al saif overseas consultants in mumbai earlier this year for a job.
after paying rs 40,000, she went to saudi arabia in january.
in her complaint to the police, kaur has said she flew from delhi to dubai in the united arab emirates, where she was received by the agent and then on to saudi arabia, where the agent allegedly sold her to an arab family against her wishes.
after receiving severe physical and mental abuse at the hands of the family, kaur had to be admitted to hospital and was able to contact her husband kulwant singh in india with the help of a hospital nurse.
according to the police, singh approached the punjab government pleading that his wife be rescued.
his complaint was forwarded to the external affairs ministry.
after securing her release, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took to twitter on may 30 to announce: thanks for bringing this to my notice.
sukhwant kaur is returning home on 31 may 2017 at 0415 hrs by flt g9406 (sic).
after her return, kaur and the external affairs ministrys protector of emigrants registered a complaint with the agripada police station.
we have received a complaint from the woman and the poe.
we will record her statement and take proper legal action, said ashok sarambalkar, senior inspector, agripada police station.
subsequent investigations revealed that the emigration stamp on kaurs visa had been made at the byculla office of the visa agent, and not at the airport as is required in the case of overseas travel, said the police.
the police have booked alamgir ahmad, the owner of al saif overseas consultants, on charges of human trafficking under the indian penal code and for cheating an emigrant under the emigration act.
stating that no arrest had taken place till now, sarambalkar said the police would first gather evidence against ahmad.
as pakistan targeted indias military installations on wednesday in a retaliatory response to delhis non-military and pre-emptive action, the p-5 countries, the permanent members of the united nations security council, called upon both to de-escalate or exercise restraint.
advertisingthese were reflected in their individual statements, even as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met chinese and russian foreign ministers and spoke to us secretary of state and british foreign secretary wednesday.
video: mig 21 pilot missing, one pak aircraft shot downthe us and eu asked pakistan to take action against terrorist groups after france and australia had done the same tuesday.
while france, uk and us on wednesday called for de-escalation in their statements, russia and china asked for exercising restraint.
the european union also said on wednesday that it expected both countries to exercise utmost restraint and avoid any further escalation of the situation.
advertisingthe unsc had last week condemned in the strongest terms the pulwama terror attack and named pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammad for the heinous and cowardly suicide bombing.
france on wednesday was the first to call on the two countries for de-escalation, as it was concerned about the deterioration of the situation.
british pm theresa may said that the uk is deeply concerned about rising tensions between india and pakistan and urgently called for restraint on both sides to avoid further escalation.
hours before pak military action, us secretary of state mike pompeo called up pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi and underscored the priority of de-escalating current tensions by avoiding military action and the urgency of pakistan taking meaningful action against terrorist groups operating on its soil.
he also said that he had reached out to both sides urging them to avoid escalation at any cost.
russia also came out with a statement calling for restraint as moscow expressed concern about the aggravation of relations between india and pakistan.
chinese foreign ministry spokesperson lu kang said: chinas position is clear.
we hope the two countries can exercise restraint, engage in dialogue and take action to ensure peace and stability in the region.
may said, in her statement, the uk is deeply concerned about rising tensions between indian and pakistan and urgently calls for restraint on both sides to avoid further escalationwe are working closely with international partners, including through the un security council to de-escalate tensions.
we are monitoring developments closely and considering implications for british nationals.
i expressed to both ministers that we encourage india and pakistan to exercise restraint, and avoid escalation at any cost.
i also encouraged both ministers to prioritise direct communication and avoid further military activity, said the us secretary of state hours before pak action.
said the french foreign ministry: military operations were conducted this morning at the indo-pakistan border.
france is concerned about the deterioration of the situation.
it calls on pakistan and india for de-escalation,according to russian president vladimir putins spokesperson, dmitry peskov, russia is concerned about the aggravation of relations between india and pakistan and calls on both sides to show restraint.
the russian foreign ministry said, we express our serious concern about the aggravation of the situation along the line of control between india and pakistan and the outbreak of tensions between friendly states.
we call on both sides to show restraint and step up efforts to resolve existing problems by political and diplomatic means.
said the european unions high representative & vice-president federica mogherini: we expect both countries to now exercise utmost restraint and avoid any further escalation of the situation.
to this end, the resumption of diplomatic contacts at political level and implementation of urgent measures by both sides is vital.
terrorism can never be justified.
i spoke a few days ago by telephone with the foreign minister of pakistan, shah mahmood qureshi, to emphasise the need to continue to address terrorism, including clear and targeted actions related to all forms of terrorist activity, she said.
meanwhile, swaraj wednesday said the objective of indias initiative was to act against a terror camp and that india doesnt wish to see further escalation.
addressing foreign ministers of china and russia at the russia-india-china (ric) trilateral meeting in wuzhen wednesday, she said, that india will continue to act with responsibility and restraint.
india, russia and china reaffirmed strong opposition to terrorism at the 16th ric meeting in wuzhen.
advertisingin swarajs opening remarks at the ric in wuzhen, she also blamed pakistan for its refusal to acknowledge and act against terror groups in its territory.
in the light of continuing refusal of pakistan to acknowledge and act against terror groups on its territory, and based on credible information that jem (jaish-e-mohammed) was planning other attacks in various parts of india, government of india decided to take preemptive action, she said.
b's jaishankar, sushmaswaraj swaraj and v k singh in new delhi on sunday.
s jaishankar, sushmaswaraj swaraj and v k singh in new delhi on sunday.
the government sunday said it was still waiting for pakistan to take concrete action in the pathankot terror attack case.
stressing that the pakistan government has not yet refused to allow an nia team to visit to probe the pathankot attack, she said that the warmth and ease in personal relations between pm narendra modi and pakistan pm nawaz sharif was important to resolve issues between the two countries.
swaraj added that the indian high commissioner in islamabad had met the authorities twice on the pathankot probe and the nia teams possible visit.
they said they are analysing (the evidence).
they have not refused (to allow nia to visit).
they just said they want more time, she said.
watch video: whats making newson the three-point pakistan policy, she said, first, we want to solve every issue through talks.
second, talks will be between india and pakistan and no third country or party will be its part.
third, terror and talks will not go hand in hand.
after the pathankot attack, there were expectations from the government and people that there should be concrete steps from their side.
this expectation is not unreasonable.
so we are waiting for concrete steps from their side, she said.
she also said the foreign secretary-level talks between the two countries have not been called off.
she said there was a huge difference between pakistans response to the pathankot attack and its reaction following terror strikes in the past.
pakistan used to be in a denial mode after terror attacks in india but its attitude after the pathankot assault was different.
this was the first time that their pm nawaz sharif called up our prime minister and said you give me evidence, i will definitely act on it.
giving an account of indias initiatives towards pakistan  from modis unscheduled stopover at lahore to his phone call before sharifs bypass surgery  she said, it is true that there are difficult issues between the two countries but to resolve issues, you need to have a relationship.
srinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansas.
srinivas kuchibhotla, the indian who was killed in the shooting at the bar in kansas.
family members of srinivas kuchibhotla and his wife sunayana dumala left for texas late on thursday night from hyderabad, after getting news that he was shot dead in a racist attack in a pub in olathe, kansas, late wednesday night.
kuchibhotla and his friend alok reddy madasani, 32, were attacked by 51-year-old navy veternan adam purinton, after they were incorrectly believed from the middle east.
madasanis condition is stable and he has been released from hospital.
watch | white house condemns kansas shooting that killed an indian engineeraffectionately called srinu by his family and friends, kuchibhotla, 32, and madasani were colleagues a garmin international which manufactures avionics and gps devices.
the shooter, who was drinking at the pub and making racist remarks, targeted the two after an argument.
read: indian employee of garmin, srinivas kuchibhotla, becomes victim of racial attacka relative of alok reddy said that kuchibhotla and madasani had dropped into a austins bar and grill on their way home after work thursday evening.
alok said that they first ignored him but when he started pointing at them and abused them alok drew the attention of the pub manager who threw out adam.
he left but returned within a few minutes with a revolver.
one person named ian who was sitting nearby noticed the gun in adams hand and tried to warn srinu and alok but adam shot at him and then fired several rounds at srinu and alok.
srinu received several bullet injuries and died on way to the hospital.
alok has been released from hospital and is resting at his home, the relative said.
american ian grillot, 24, was shot at when he tried to take the gun away from the shooter.
his condition is stable as well.
also read: were all humans.
i just did what was naturally right to do, says ian grillotkuchibhotla went to the u.s. in july 2005 to do a masters degree in electrical and electronic engineering from the university of texas at el paso.
before realising his dream of studying and working in the u.s., he did his b.tech from jawaharlal nehru technological university, hyderabad, and passed out in may 2005.
after completing his masters, from august 2005 to december 2007 he worked as a teaching assistant and research assistant at the university of texas.
in january 2008, he was picked up by rockwell collins as a software engineer and went on to become a senior systems engineer there.
in october 2012, he got married to suyanana dumala at hyderabad.
they live in overland park in kansas.
in january 2014, kuchibhotla joined garmin international where he was an aviation programs engineer.
alok reddy madasani, 32, his friend who was also injured in the shooting in the pub, is his colleague in the aviation systems engineering team at garmin.
alok is the aviation programme coordinator.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condemned the attack and offered assistance to the family.
she has made arrangements to transport the mortal remains of the victim to hyderabad.
she tweet, i have spoken to the father and mr.k.k.shastri brother of srinivas kuchibhotla in hyderabad and conveyed my condolences to the family.
the gofundme page was also created to raise funds to send kuchibhotlas remains back to india so his parents can say goodbye to their beloved son.
the page has crossed its $150,000 goal in just eight hours; it has raised $250.
662 at the time of writing this copy.
b'president pranab mukherjee during his visit to israel in october president pranab mukherjee during his visit to israel in octoberindian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj concluded her two-day visit to israel on monday.
her visit came just months after the historic visit by the president of india, pranab mukherjee, to jerusalem.
i applaud these visits, as they reflect a strengthening of the relations india and israel continue to develop.
as the current head of the india-israel friendship association and as the former foreign minister of israel, in recent months, ive had the honour to meet with indias president and foreign minister and have been impressed by their understanding of the importance of the bond between our two countries which continues to flourish and grow.
we have made powerful strides in the 24 years since we opened full diplomatic relations in a variety of fields.
from agriculture to security, trade, counter-terrorism, and water technology, i am certain we will continue to deepen and broaden this meaningful, strong relationship in more fields.
israel has built itself as a start-up nation, a hub for new technologies, hi-tech and start-ups, and india has just launched start-up india, a massive programme to promote economic activity by supporting a pro-innovation ecosystem.
in a globalised world like ours, cooperation in innovation and technology between israelis and indians is critical as we seek to become leading forces in the global economy in future.
an important part of this relationship, which first began in the agricultural sector, can be attributed to the visit of indias union agriculture minister at the time, sharad pawar, who visited israel in 2006 together with a number of chief ministers, including narendra modi, who was then the chief minister of gujarat and is today the prime minister of india.
but what is perhaps even stronger than these shared fields of interest are the fundamental similarities our two countries share, despite our difference in size.
we are both vibrant democracies, with ancient civilisational histories, and we are both constantly willing to work together to envision a better world.
we also share a very special connection between our two peoples.
for millennia, thriving jewish communities have called india home.
the unique, tolerant and welcoming society india presents has enabled jews as well as hindus, muslims, sikhs, jains, bahai and others to live and flourish, becoming an integral and inseparable part of indian civilisation.
jews in india never faced persecution or anti-semitism  indeed, jews facing persecution around the world often fled to india.
as israels foreign minister, i personally took part in developing the india-israel partnership and had firsthand experience of what this relationship means for israel.
but i also bore witness to the terrible tragedy of 2008, when mumbai was hit by horrific terrorist attacks.
then, as today, india and israel share the same fight against terror and the support we give each other on that field stays firm.
my love for the country of india is not only in the political field.
in 2012, i travelled to india myself.
as i moved through the northern parts of the country, i had the opportunity to personally experience what so many young israelis have already experienced  beautiful country and rich, magnificent indian culture and hospitality.
i was privileged to meet extraordinary indians who taught me about the history, society and people of the country.
i am sure that our two countries relationship will grow stronger and more fruitful in future.
the relations weve built so far are only the tip of the iceberg and much more cooperation and many more joint projects are yet to come.
bkirpal singhs family at their home in gurdaspur.
(express photo) kirpal singhs family at their home in gurdaspur.
(express photo)over the last two decades, he wrote many letters to his family in mustafabad saidan village of gurdaspur district, all saying the same thing  that he wanted to return to india before he died.
but that was not be.
kirpal singh, 54, arrested in pakistan on spying charges in 1992, died at the kot lakhpat jail in lahore on monday.
his family received singhs last letter on february 10.
i want to return to my motherland before i die i have been facing a difficult time here, he said in his letter.
he said he was well, and asked us to plead before the indian government to get him released, said singhs sister, jagiro kaur, adding that they have been fighting for his release.
i got a call from a journalist on monday night, informing me that he had died in jail.
i contacted some officials in pakistan, who told me that he had suffered a cardiac arrest, said ashwini kumar, singhs nephew.
kirpal singh was found dead in his cell in the early hours of monday, said an official of kot lakhpat jail, according to a pti report from lahore.
the inmates of the cell near kirpals cell stated that he complained about pain in his chest and died instantly, he said.
share this article related article kirpal singh cremated at native villagekirpal singh cremated at native village pak returns kirpal singhs body: no external injury; heart, liver missingpak returns kirpal singhs body: no external injury; heart, liver missing pakistan returns kripal singh's body: no external injury, heart & liver missing, says doctorpakistan returns kripal singh's body: no external injury, heart & liver missing, says doctor 2 soldiers in pakistan jail since 71 war, their kin fear kirpal fate2 soldiers in pakistan jail since 71 war, their kin fear kirpal fate india to raise prisoner kirpal singh's death issue in pakistan at top levelindia to raise prisoner kirpal singh's death issue in pakistan at top level indian prisoner kirpal singh dies under mysterious circumstances in pakistan jailapparently, it seems the indian prisoner died a natural death.
however, an autopsy will tell the exact cause of death, kot lakhpat jail police station head nafees ahmed was quoted as saying.
but his family has alleged foul play and sought the governments help in bringing back the body.
after my fathers death in 1988, kirpal singh adopted me as his son.
he was serving in the indian army at that time, in the punjab regiment, recalled kumar.
according to the family, singh made two trips to pakistan after he left the army, before he was caught in 1992.
they suspect that he was spying for the indian government.
we came to know that he had been jailed in pakistan almost three years after he went missing, said kanta devi, kumars mother.
according to the pti report from lahore, singh was sentenced to death in a serial bomb blasts case in pakistans punjab province.
later, he was reportedly acquitted by the lahore high court, but continued to remain in jail.
family members said that after the death of indian prisoner sarabjit singh at kot lakhpat jail in april 2013, kirpal singh was put in a separate cell.
he was not getting proper food and other facilities, said kanta devi.
singhs family went to wagha border today to demand that the body be handed over.
we are now going to delhi to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and home minister rajnath singh, said kumar.
b'mother teresa has been declared saint teresa of calcutta on september 4, the eve of her death anniversary by pope francis at vatican city.
(source: wikimedia commons) mother teresa has been declared saint teresa of calcutta on september 4, the eve of her death anniversary by pope francis at vatican city.
(source: wikimedia commons)mother teresa has been declared a saint by pope francis on sunday at a canonisation ceremony held in vatican city.
the canonization on september 4 comes on the eve of her 19th death anniversary.
she will now be known as saint teresa of calcutta.
the canonization ceremony began at 2 pm ist and was followed by an eucharistic celebration.
a 12-member central delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and two state government-level delegations from delhi and west bengal, led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee were in vatican city to attend the ceremony.
mother teresa died on september 5, 1997.
on october 19, 2003, pope john paul ii beatified mother teresa of calcutta.
hr mcmaster and donald trump hr mcmaster and donald trumpunited states national security adviser hr mcmaster is in new delhi to meet his indian counterpart ajit doval and hold talks with him.
mcmaster is also expected to meet prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, reports news agency ani.
he also met pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif on monday during a visit to that country after travelling to afghanistan.
he also met foreign affairs adviser to the pakistani pm sartaz aziz.
reportedly, the situation in afghanistan, bilateral relations and indo-pak tensions were discussed in the meeting.
this is mcmasters first visit to south asia as the us nsa and it may help in providing a better clarity on us president donald trumps stand on india-pakistan issues, including cross-border terrorism.
trump has so far maintained a tough stand against terrorism and has also advised pakistan to contain the militancy.
on monday, city-based bariatric surgeon dr muffazal a lakdawala tweeted to swaraj in a last-ditch attempt to draw attention of authorities.
on monday, city-based bariatric surgeon dr muffazal a lakdawala tweeted to swaraj in a last-ditch attempt to draw attention of authorities.
a bed-ridden egyptian woman weighing 500 kg will soon take her first flight to mumbai for a long-drawn bariatric surgery.
her medical visa was cleared within a day by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who read a city doctors tweet and agreed to extend prompt help.
swaraj is herself admitted at delhi-based aiims and is slated to undergo a renal surgery.
watch video| worlds heaviest woman eman ahmed expresses desire to meet salman khanat 36, eman ahmed, based in cairo, is perhaps the heaviest woman globally.
she suffers from elephantiasis, a parasitic disease caused by filarial worm that swells up arms and legs of the infected person.
according to her family, she has been unable to move around or leave the house for last 25 years.
due to her weight, she could not even visit the indian embassy for the visa formalities in egypt, following which her visa application was denied.
on monday, city-based bariatric surgeon dr muffazal a lakdawala tweeted to swaraj in a last-ditch attempt to draw attention of authorities.
maam, eman ahmed (egypt) 500kgs requested me 2 save her pls help me get her a medical visa as refused thru normal process [sic], he tweeted, to which swaraj responded within a day, thanks for bringing this to my notice.
we will definitely help her.
on tuesday, the indian embassy in egypt granted ahmed a medical visa to undergo bariatric surgery in mumbai.
a special chartered flight will be arranged to fly her to india, the funds for which have been pooled by dr lakdawala.
her family cannot afford the treatment cost.
while i am operating her for free, the major cost involved is of transportation, said dr lakdawala.
while bariatric procedure is often termed as cosmetic surgery by many, according to surgeons it can act as a life saving procedure for highly obese patients such as ahmed.
the disease is known to be a lifestyle-related problem but has also been hereditary in several cases.
on tuesday, dr lakdawala tweeted to swaraj, embassy in cairo called, visa granted.
thank you so much for this prompt response, impressed appreciate the help.
ahmeds family sent her medical records in october to the surgeon to understand if a surgery could help cut down extra fat.
with a weight of 500 kgs, the woman has remained restricted to her house.
she was born weighing 5 kgs.
her weight, however, started shooting up when she was 11 years old.
dr lakdawala has been in constant touch with ahmeds sister and mother.
they have tried all option there and failed.
in india, we have the facilities to help her, he said.
ahmed will undergo a series of evaluation tests by cardiologists, physicians, dietician and specialist who will ascertain all risk parameters in her treatment.
she will then be put on a low-calorie diet to downsize.
in her current state, movement has become close to impossible.
special arrangements will be made to shift her in a chartered flight and bring her to india.
for us, funds are the only cause to worry right now, dr lakdawala says as he waits for ahmeds arrival next week.
minister of state for external affairs gen v k singh will represent india at the two-day brics foreign ministers meeting being held here from june 18 where china was expected to unveil its agenda for this years summit of the five-member bloc.
singh will be attending the meeting as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has not yet started foreign travel after her kidney transplant operation, indian officials said.
foreign ministry spokesperson lu kang said today that chinese foreign minister wang yi will chair the meeting that will take place here from june 18 to 19.
lu was quoted by the state-run xinhua news agency as saying that the meeting will also be attended by russian foreign minister sergey lavrov, south african foreign minister maite nkoana-mashabane, brazilian foreign minister aloysio nunes and singh.
the meeting is a precursor to the chain of meetings of the brazil, russia, india, china and south africa (brics) officials including the national security advisors (nsas) meeting to be held later next month ahead of the summit to be held in chinese city of xiamen in september this year.
incidentally, this is first time foreign ministers meeting has been called ahead of the summit by the host country.
china took over the rotating presidency of the brics from india after last years goa summit of the group of emerging countries.
the ministers meeting was regarded as significant from both the bilateral point of view for india as well as from this years summit, the structure of which would be decided by the host country.
bilaterally, the foreign ministers meeting comes in the backdrop of india-china discord over a host of issues, including the usd 50 billion china pakistan economic corridor (cpec) culminating in indias last month boycott of the belt and road forum (brf) held by china to highlight the progress of the ambitious belt and road initiative (bri).
china also continues to maintain that there is no change in its stand on indias entry into the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) as well as new delhis efforts to get jaish-e-mohammed (jem) leader masood azhar banned by the un.
diplomatically, both the countries have been warming up after the brf and the brics foreign ministers meeting and the nsas meeting was expected to provide a platform for informal exchanges to move forward, officials said.
chinese ambassador to india luo zhaohui has made some proposals during his address to united services institution in new delhi last month emphasising that cpec will not change chinas stand that kashmir issue should be resolved between india and pakistan under the simla agreement.
his proposals have not been taken up for discussion by both the countries.
also, china was expected to outline its proposals for the brics summit, specially which are the countries it plans to invite.
at the goa summit, india invited heads of the members of bimstec (bay of bengal initiative for multi-sectoral technical and economic cooperation).
earlier this year, chinese foreign minister wang yi spoke about brics plus but gave no details.
officials expect china may unveil the details at the foreign ministers meeting.
b'as per sushil, pirates had taken them to some thick forest areas where they have been kept hostage.
the pirates have been demanding for a ransom of rs 22 lakhs, which the family cant really afford, said vinay kumar.
as per sushil, pirates had taken them to some thick forest areas where they have been kept hostage.
the pirates have been demanding for a ransom of rs 22 lakhs, which the family cant really afford, said vinay kumar.
stepping-up efforts to release three kangra youths held hostage by nigerian pirates, himachal pradesh chief minister jai ram thakur has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj asking her to ensure the safety of youths in captivity.
as per report sent to the center government by deputy commissioner kangra sandeep kumar, three youths-all from kangra district, working in the merchant navy have been held hostage by the nigerian pirates for last 10-15 days.
sushil kumar, ship captain, who hails from nagrota surian, pankaj kumar from nagorta bhagwan and ajay kumar from palampur have been reportedly kidnapped by the nigerian pirates.
we have also sent a communication to western africa division of the ministry of external affairs giving details of the youths, said a spokesperson.
shanta kumar informed this evening that he had also spoken to the union minister and provided her full details about the youths and the company which had employed them.
vinay kumar, (brother of sushil kumar) said, his brother had contacted the family last on march 12 informing about the incident of kidnapping.
thereafter, the family had no contacts with the youths kept hostage.
as per sushil, pirates had taken them to some thick forest areas where they have been kept hostage.
the pirates have been demanding for a ransom of rs 22 lakhs, which the family cant really afford, said vinay kumar.
vinay kumar informed that the family had contacted officials of the ministry of external affairs, who have conveyed that they were in the process of getting the youths released .
b'sukhwinder kaur, mother of manjinder singh, breaks down in bhoewal, amritsar, after he was declared dead.
(express photo/rana simranjit singh) sukhwinder kaur, mother of manjinder singh, breaks down in bhoewal, amritsar, after he was declared dead.
(express photo/rana simranjit singh)the us on wednesday offered its deepest condolences on the death of 39 indian nationals abducted by isis in iraq, saying it stands with the people of india in condemning the murders.
we offer our deepest condolences.
our thoughts are with the families of the victims, a state department spokesperson told pti responding to a question on the discovery of a mass grave with the bodies of the indian construction workers.
we stand with the people of india in condemning these murders, the spokesperson said.
the northern iraqi city of mosul has now been liberated from the isis.
the bodies of indian workers were found buried near the village of badsuh, which is in the northwest of mosul.
union law minister ravi shankar prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) union law minister ravi shankar prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)the government on thursday cited the earlier congress regimes unfair treatment of the judiciary to counter the opposition partys criticism of the bjp-led central government over its decision to ask the supreme court to reconsider its recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph to the apex court.
the government is led by narendra modi, rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and ravi shankar prasad and many others who had fought against emergency and suffered for individual freedom, freedom of media and the independence of judiciary.
the congress should stop lecturing us, law minister ravi shankar prasad said.
the congress partys record of giving unfair treatment and in many ways of unfair treatment of judiciary is well known.
the whole record of the congress is littered with repeated instances of superseding judges who were found to be inconvenient, and censorship, prasad said, reacting to the congresss attack on the governments move.
read | modi govt wants to pack courts with people of their choice: congressrecalling how justices j m shelat, k s hegde and a n grover were superseded during congress rule before the emergency, the minister said: the legendary judge justice h r khanna, who gave the dissenting judgment in adm jabalpur case and upheld the freedom during the emergency, was denied the position of cji for two months and superseded by a junior.
the real provocation of the imposition of the emergency was the judgment of allahabad high court unseating indira gandhi.
read | govt has struck at the very heart of judicial freedom: former cji rm lodhasenior bjp leaders dismissed suggestions that justice k m josephs name had not been cleared by the government because of his 2016 ruling quashing presidents rule in congress-ruled uttarakhand.
it is regrettable to suggest that justice joseph is being singled out because of his 2016 ruling.
it is a completely infructuous argument for the simple reason that the bjp is in power with two-thirds majority in the state despite that judicial setback, said a senior bjp leader.
justice j s khehar had struck down njac, the narendra modi governments prime legislation on judicial accountability, in 2015, but the government did not hold it against him and try to put a spanner in his elevation as chief justice of india.
it was a judicial decision and the party took it in that spirit, he added.
read | govt arguments against justice km joseph do not hold water, say criticssenior bjp leaders, who had watched appointments in the higher judiciary during the upa regime, claimed how the congress-led upa government had segregated justice c k prasads name from the composite recommendation along with justices t s thakur and swatanter kumar in 2009.
justice c k prasad was elevated to the supreme court a year later.
likewise, bjp sources claimed that one needs to look at appointments to the high courts in 2012 and 2013 during the upa regime when the composite recommendations were segregated.
b'a picture of hizbul mujahideen militant commander burhan muzaffar wani is held up during a rally in islamabad, pakistan july 24, 2016.
reuters/caren firouz a picture of hizbul mujahideen militant commander burhan muzaffar wani is held up during a rally in islamabad, pakistan july 24, 2016.
reuters/caren firouzfurther needling india, pakistan has demanded an independent inquiry into the extrajudicial killing of hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani and claimed that the denial of plebiscite to kashmiri people was behind the flare-up in the valley.
pakistans permanent representative to the united nations maleeha lodhi met representatives of a kashmiri delegation in new york last week and said the country stands firm in its principled policy of providing moral and diplomatic support to the kashmir cause, according to a statement issued by pakistans mission to the un.
lodhi called for an independent inquiry into the extrajudicial killing of wani and protestors.
she said pakistan was actively pursuing the kashmir issue at various forums at the united nations.
denial of the right of self determination to the people of kashmir through an independent plebiscite, promised to them by various security council resolutions, was at the heart of the current flare-up, which threatened regional peace and security, lodhi told the delegation as she called for the un to implant its resolutions on kashmir.
the statement claimed that members of the kashmiri delegation appreciated pakistans consistent support and its efforts of taking up the issue at different international forums.
lodhi has been raising the kashmir issue and the killing of wani in her various statements at the un and in meetings with top officials at the world body.
watch video: whats making newslodhi briefed president of the security council for july japanese ambassador koro bessho, bans chief of staff and under secretary general for political affairs jeffrey feltman on the situation in kashmir.
advisor to the prime minister on foreign affairs sartaj aziz also wrote to un secretary-general ban ki-moon, secretary-general of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) and the un high commissioner for human rights to express pakistans serious concern on the alarming situation and alleged human rights violation in kashmir.
india and pakistan are witnessing growing bitterness after pakistan and its prime minister nawaz sharif made provocative statements on the kashmir situation in the wake of wanis killing on july 8.
not only did sharif praise wani but he also remarked that kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream of the state becoming a part of his country will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
varun gandhi today gave a new twist to the prime ministerial candidate race in bjp,comparing party president rajnath singh to atal bihari vajpayee and saying he has the ability to bring together people of different religions and castes.
his (vajpayees) thoughts were so great that every child in the country remembers his rule.
i can say with full confidence that if there is any individual in the country who has that ability to bring together people of different religions and castes,then it is our honourable rajnath singh, he said speaking at a public meeting in the presence of the bjp chief.
there are no two views on it there is an reflection of atalji in rajnath singhji, varun gandhi said while addressing a party rally in devsara mandi in the aonla lok sabha constituency represented by his mother maneka gandhi singh is a leader with a clean image and a son of uttar pradesh.
it is the duty of the people of up to support him so that people with clean image can come to power, gandhi said.
heaping further praise on singh,gandhi said at the meeting if there is any one person who can make india,it is rajnath singh.
even after being in politics for 40 years,there has not been a blemish on him.
varun gandhis words in support of singh,who elevated him to the post of general secretary and included him in his new team of office-bearers,came at a time when there is a growing chorus within bjp for making gujarat chief minister narendra modi the partys prime ministerial candidate in the next lok sabha elections.
but modis detractors in bjp and allies like jd(u) insist he is a divisive figure due to the 2002 post-godhra riots in gujarat taint on him.
asked about gandhis comments,bjp vice -president mukhtar abbas naqvi said vajpayee is an inspiration for all of us.
we have moved ahead in life with his inspiration.
a senior bjp leader,however,was not impressed with varun gandhis comparison of singh with vajpayee.
he had compared singhs predecessor nitin gadkari and senior leader sushmaswaraj swaraj too with vajpayee at different public meetings in the past, the leader said.
pm modi receives his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina at delhi airport (source: @narendramodi/twitter) pm modi receives his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina at delhi airport (source: @narendramodi/twitter)prime minister narendra modi received his bangladesh counterpart sheikh hasina on friday when she arrived at the palam technical airforce base for a four-day visit to india.
this is the third time modi has broken protocol to receive visiting leaders.
earlier, he did so to welcome us president barack obama and crown prince of abu dhabi sheikh mohamed bin zayed al nahyan, both of them chief guests for the republic day celebrations.
usually, a minister of state or a senior official of the external affairs ministry receive foreign dignitaries on their visit to india.
shortly after she landed, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met the bangladesh prime minister, and they are understood to have discussed bilateral issues of importance.
during hasinas visit, the two sides will be signing at least 25 pacts in various key sectors, including civil nuclear cooperation and defence.
however, any agreement on the teesta water sharing issue is unlikely to be inked.
officials here said, it will be a visit without water, indicating that a pact on teesta river waters is not on the cards.
this is hasinas third visit to india in the past three years.
she had earlier come to attend the funeral of president pranab mukherjees wife suvra mukherjee and then for the bimstec summit in goa last year.
modi and hasina will hold bilateral talks on saturday, where india is set to announce a line of credit of $500 million to bangladesh for military supplies.
hasina will visit ajmer on sunday and meet indian business leaders the next day.
the two sides are looking at the inking of a framework agreement on civil nuclear energy which will provide for extensive cooperation in the sector, including setting up of nuclear reactors in bangladesh by india.
in a bid to strengthen trade, the two sides are likely to announce setting up of another set of trade facilitation huts along the borders in the northeast.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has accepted an invitation by the central government to attend the launch of some projects between the two countries and a lunch to be hosted by modi in the bangladesh prime ministers honour.
delhi labour minister gopal rai has written to union home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all chief ministers seeking details on unknown indian martyrs and freedom fighters.
(representational image) delhi labour minister gopal rai has written to union home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all chief ministers seeking details on unknown indian martyrs and freedom fighters.
(representational image)delhi labour minister gopal rai has written to union home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and all chief ministers seeking details on unknown indian martyrs and freedom fighters.
in his letter, rai said the details will be uploaded on a website- shaheedkosh.
delhi.gov.
in  which was launched by the delhi government on the occasion of 110th birth anniversary of bhagat singh in september.
watch what else is in the newsthe minister said the aap government is also taking up the matter with other state governments for providing authenticated details of martyr and freedom fighters along with their photographs.
however, details of some other martyrs/freedom fighters who had been imprisoned/executed by the british empire may be in the territory of other countries like bangladesh, paksitan, myanmar, uk, canada and usa etc.
the delhi government is keen to collect the details of such personalities so that the same could also be uploaded on the website to remember such powerful souls of indian origin, rai said in his letters to rajnath and swaraj.
the labour minister has also requested chief ministers of all states and union territories to provide authenticated details of the martyrs/freedom fighters of independence along with their photographs.
the dedicated website was launched with an aim to create a virtual gallery to make the youths aware about the sacrifices made by them and inculcate the feeling of patriotism.
the ministers remarks came in the wake of reports claiming that the terror group planned to execute the priest on good friday.
however, there was no report of any harm having come to him so far.
swaraj tweeted admitting that the indian priest was kidnapped in yemen.
fr tom uzhunnallil  an indian national from kerala was abducted by a terror group in yemen.
we r making all efforts to secure his release.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 26, 2016father tom uzhunnallil  an indian national from kerala  was abducted by a terror group in yemen.
uzhunnalil had gone missing in yemen after islamic state militant group attacked a care home run by mother teresas missionaries of charity.
yemen is a conflict zone.
we do not have embassy there.
but we will spare no efforts to rescue father tom uzhunnalil, swaraj had tweeted earlier.
gunmen had stormed the refuge for the elderly earlier this month and killed a yemeni guard before tying up and shooting 15 other employees.
four foreign nuns, including an indian, working as nurses were among those killed.
last thursday, while pulling his country out of the paris climate change agreement, us president donald trump had heaped venom on india.
he had arraigned india of signing the pact to get billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has issued a fitting rebuttal to the american presidents tirade.
india signed the paris pact not because of the pressure from any country or due to the lure of money.
our signature was not because of greed.
we signed it due to our commitment to protect the environment, she said on monday.
trumps charges against india were demeaning, offensive and way off the mark.
indias per capita carbon footprint is much lower than the us, which also has a history of denying its culpability in climate change.
the uss per capita emissions at 20 tonnes are more than 10 times that of india.
in his speech on thursday, trump had said the paris pact left the door open for india to expand its coal-powered plants while placing several restrictions on the us.
the american president had got his facts wrong.
in 2016, a few months after the paris climate change meet, india doubled its green cess on coal to rs 400 per tonne.
india is the only emerging economy to levy such a cess.
the money will go into the clean energy fund that will finance renewable energy projects in the country.
in fact, on several counts, indias paris pact commitments are way higher than that of the us.
india has pledged to increase the share of non-fossil fuel energy to 40 per cent of the countrys energy mix by 2030, which is 10 per cent higher than the uss target.
the country has demonstrated its commitment to mitigating climate change by expanding the original target of the national solar mission by five times.
it plans to install 100 gigawatts (gw) of installed solar energy capacity by 2022.
on monday, the external affairs minister affirmed the countrys commitments to these and other goals germane to the paris pact.
in his speech to pull out his country from the paris pact, the american president had said he was open to the climate treaty being negotiated.
that would mean a complete undermining of indias efforts  and that of other countries  in putting paris on track.
india should oppose any such move.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs measured speech to the united nations general assembly on monday laid out, in plain language, indias deepening pakistan policy conundrum.
prime minister narendra modis government, she pointed out, had begun its term in office with an extraordinary outreach to islamabad, inviting pakistans prime minister nawaz sharif to new delhi, and following that up with a push for secretary-level dialogue on all issues.
the ground-level results of that initiative, she pointed out, had been less than heartening: a series of terrorist attacks and an uptick in violence in kashmir, driven by infiltration from across the loc.
this, swaraj pointed out, was part of a larger problem.
there were, she noted, nation-states that continued to use terrorist groups as instruments to pursue their perceived national interests.
this engendered violence and instability, which jeopordised shared global aims like economic growth and poverty reduction.
the only solution to this problem was to push through the comprehensive convention on international terrorism, proposed by india in 1996 and deadlocked since.
her message was delivered without hysteria or hyperbole  the abiding vices of indias public discourse on terrorism.
watch sushmaswaraj swarajs response to pakistani girlthe external affairs minister knows, however, that transforming this coherent argument into an effective diplomatic strategy will be a tough ask.
even though india has countries like bangladesh and afghanistan in its corner, few others have much inclination to corner pakistan.
the uss patience with pakistan has run thin, it has slashed both civilian and military aid, but washington has stopped well short of isolating pakistan, fearing losing what influence it still has over the countrys nuclear-armed generals.
the uk, with its large pakistani-origin population, sees pakistan as a key counter-terrorism ally.
beijing has cultivated pakistan aggressively, seeing it as an instrument with which to hit anti-china jihadists, and as a strategic ally in south asia.
though the persian gulf states have warmed to india, they continue to have major equities in pakistan, too.
watch video: abdul basit interview excerpts: war is not really a solution to our problemswhere does this leave new delhi?
swarajs speech holds out some clues.
she underlined indias commitment to meeting the un sustainable development goals, and to ratify the paris treaty, and signalled new delhis commitment to the shared aims of the global community.
though the battle to find a place on the un security council will not be presently won, india must continue to project itself as a responsible custodian of the global order, not a regional power brawling with its neighbours.
in the long term, that is the best way of ensuring its concerns are heard  and acted on.
earlier, singh said in a tweet, indians, sikhs in us are not feeling safe, please take up their security with @realdonaldtrump on priority @narendramodi ji @sushmaswaraj ji.
(file photo) earlier, singh said in a tweet, indians, sikhs in us are not feeling safe, please take up their security with @realdonaldtrump on priority @narendramodi ji @sushmaswaraj ji.
(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday directed indian ambassador in the us navtej sarna to update punjab chief minister capt amarinder singh about issues relating to safety and security of indians in that country.
swarajs direction came after the punjab chief minister, in a tweet, requested prime minister narendra modi and swaraj to take up the issue of security concerns of indians living in the us with president donald trump.
i have asked sardar navtej singh sarna, indian ambassador in washington, to update you on this, swaraj tweeted.
earlier, singh said in a tweet, indians, sikhs in us are not feeling safe, please take up their security with @realdonaldtrump on priority @narendramodi ji @sushmaswaraj ji.
there has been a spate of attacks on indians in several parts of the us in the last three months.
a 26-year-old man from telangana was shot by an unidentified person at california in the us on june 4 and continues to be in very critical condition.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she also added that the sri lankan government has assured probe into the killing of an indian fisherman allegedly by the lankan navy.
making a statement in the lok sabha, the external affairs minister said sri lanka has, however, denied the role of its navy in the killing.
we have taken up the issue of our fishermen with sri lankan government to ensure that our fishermen are treated in a humane manner, the minister said.
a fishing vessel from tamil nadu was fired upon allegedly by the sri lankan navy, leading to the death of an indian fisherman.
the government took up the matter and expressed our strong concern over the incident, she said.
our high commissioner personally spoke to sri lankan prime minister and navy commander on this matter.
they maintained their patrol boats are not authorised to fire at indian fishermen, the minister said.
six fishermen from thangachimadam in ramanathapuram district were fishing near the katchatheevu islet in the narrow sea dividing the two countries when they were fired at on the night of march 6, indian officials said.
one fisherman, k. britjo, was killed while another was injured.
the others escaped without injuries.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: ap photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: ap photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold extensive talks with her iraqi counterpart ibrahim al-jaafari on monday during which focus is expected to be on the issue of 39 indians kidnapped by the isis three years back from mosul city.
al-jaafaris visit from july 24 to july 28 to india comes two weeks after iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi announced liberation of mosul, the second biggest city in his country, from the isis, which marked a major milestone for the iraqi security forces.
in their talks, the two sides will to take stock of bilateral relations and explore ways to enhance cooperation in areas of energy and trade.
iraq has been one of the major suppliers of crude oil to india.
on the visit by al-jaafari, the external affairs ministry has said the two sides will discuss the entire gamut of bilateral ties as well as regional and international issues of mutual interest.
the visit is expected to add further impetus to our mutually beneficial bilateral engagement, the mea had said on friday.
as liberation of mosul brightened chances of information about the kidnapped indians, swaraj, in a meeting with their relatives last week, had said that they might be languishing in a jail in badush in northwest of mosul where fighting was going on.
however, a media report from badush on saturday said the jail now is an abandoned structure and has been unoccupied for weeks.
minister of state for external affairs v k singh was sent to iraq days after the iraqi pm announced victory in the fight to liberate mosul.
she had said al-jaafari may bring fresh information about the kidnapped indians, mostly from punjab.
the volume of bilateral trade in 2016-17 was nearly usd 13 billion.
iraq contributes significantly to indias energy security and is the second-largest supplier of crude oil to us (over 37 mmt during 2016-17), the mea has said.
petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan is also scheduled to meet the iraqi foreign minister who will be accompanied by a senior-level official delegation.
al-jafaari will travel to mumbai on july 26 and will be back in delhi on july 27.
india told iran on tuesday it will decide on its oil imports after elections end this month, in line with its economic interests, a government source said.
advertisingirans foreign minister javad zarif held talks on the issue with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during a visit to new delhi.
india has suspended imports of iranian oil from may because of renewed u.s. sanctions on iran.
on purchase of oil from iran, eam (external affairs minister) reiterated the position that a decision will be taken after the elections keeping in mind our commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests, a government source said.
b'pm narendra modi welcomes vietnamese president tran dai quang on his first state visit to india at the hyderabad house ahead of the bilateral talks on saturday.
(mea twitter) pm narendra modi welcomes vietnamese president tran dai quang on his first state visit to india at the hyderabad house ahead of the bilateral talks on saturday.
(mea twitter)india and vietnam on saturday inked three memorandum of understandings (mous), including on cooperation between the global centre for nuclear energy partnership, india (gcnep) and the vietnam atomic energy institute (vinatom), after talks between prime minister narendra modi and vietnamese president tran dai quang.
the purpose of the mou is to strengthen the technical cooperation in the field of atomic energy for peaceful purposes.
besides this, the two countries signed an mou on economic and trade cooperation aimed at establishing a framework for enhancing economic and trade promotion.
a work plan for the years 2018-2022 between the indian council of agricultural research (icar) and ministry of agriculture and rural development of vietnam was also signed between the two nations.
the purpose of this work plan is to promote cooperation in the transfer of technology and exchange of visits of technical experts in the fields of agriculture and allied.
issuing a joint statement after the signing of mous along with vietnamese president quang, prime minister modi said, we have decided that we will enhance cooperation in defence production and explore opportunities in transfer of technology.
we will jointly work for an open, independent and prosperous indo pacific area where sovereignty and international law is respected.
vietnam has an important place in indias framework of act east policy and indias relations with asean, ani quoted the pm as saying.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting vietnamese president.
their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen countrys comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
eam @sushmaswaraj called on president of #vietnam tran dai quang.
discussion focused on steps to further strengthen our comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors.
#acteastpolicy pic.
twitter.com/0frnyivack  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) march 3, 2018president quang will also attend a vietnam-india business forum and the opening ceremony of the vietnam days in india 2018.
he was also given a ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhavan.
and this is how we welcome our esteemed guest!
vietnamese president tran dai quang was accorded a ceremonial welcome @rashtrapatibhvn in the presence of president shri ram nath kovind and pm @narendramodi pic.
twitter.com/qkpc9pheld  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) march 3, 2018vietnam is an important partner in southeast asia under new delhis act east policy and is currently the country coordinator for india with the association of southeast asian nations (asean) regional bloc, a role that will be handed over to thailand later this year.
india-vietnam trade stood at $6.
24 billion in fiscal 2016-17 and the two sides have agreed to raise this to $15 billion by 2020.
according to sources, the prime minister will address 10 rallies starting october 4 in haryana and another two dozen rallies in maharashtra.
(source: pti)as bjp seeks to wrest control of haryana and maharashtra from congress in october 15 assembly polls, prime minister narendra modi will lead the partys campaign in the two states from october 4.
bjp sources said party veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi will also campaign in maharashtra.
however, they may not campaign in haryana as their names are not among the star campaigners.
according to sources, the prime minister will address 10 rallies starting october 4 in haryana and another two dozen rallies in maharashtra.
on the first day of his campaign, modi will address four rallies  one in haryana and three in maharashtra at kohlapur, beed and mumbai.
bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan of madhya pradesh, raman singh of chhattisgarh vasundhara raje of rajasthan, manohar parrikar of goa and anandiben patel of gujarat will also campaign in haryana and maharashtra, besides party chief amit shah and a host of other top leaders, including union ministers rajnath singh, nitin gadkari, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
in haryana, the prime minister will address one election rally each from october 4 to 10 and three rallies across the state on october 11.
maharashtra being a bigger states, modi will address at least three rallies everyday followed by four rallies on the last day of the campaign on october 13.
top party leaders held meetings in delhi, rohtak and mumbai to chalk out final plans of campaign in the coming assembly polls.
final touches are being given to the campaign plan which will be cleared by the prime minister after his return from the united states.
actor-turned-politician hema malini and smriti irani will be among the partys star women campaigners in both states.
the party is focussing on the development model and the prime minister will woo the electorate with the promise of initiating all-round development evenly across the two states and providing good governance.
the party will attacking congress, which has been ruling the two states for long, on development and law and order planks.
while haryana has 90 assembly seats, maharashtra has 288 seats.
bjp is contesting alone after it ended its tie-ups in haryana with haryana janhit congress and with its 25-year- old ally shiv sena in maharashtra.
congress faces anti-incumbency in both the states as it is in power in haryana for the last 10 years and 15 years in maharashtra.
campaigning for the october 15 assembly polls in the two states will end on october 13 and the results will be out on october 19.
b'few issues have generated as much intense debate in the urdu press as the minority character of aligarh muslim university and jamia millia islamia.
the jamaat-e-islamis daawat writes on february 1: once the central government (the former upa dispensation) took a stand on the minority character of the aligarh muslim university and submitted it before the court, the law should have taken its course.
why did the modi government go back on it?
obviously, it wants to make it a political issue.
otherwise it wouldnt have expressed its view against the minority character before the supreme court through the attorney general and would have stood by its earlier stand theres no such case about jamia in court.
its minority character had been settled and acted upon in 2011 the issue is neither political nor legal and is a closed chapter.
a conspiracy is now underway to reopen it and an effort is being made to make it a political and legal issue.
hyderabad-based rehnuma-e-deccan, in its january 24 editorial, writes: every time the amus minority character has been under threat, admirers of its great services, including all non-communal people of the country, have raised their voice in protest.
theres a need to look at the minority character with a view that its imperative for the sound health and good image of the country this will ensure unity and mutual understanding, a prosperous country and indias image as a strong and healthy nation.
presidential memorydescribing the observations of president pranab mukherjee about the demolition of the babri masjid in his memoirs, the turbulent years: 1980-96, as a greatly courageous act, sahafat, in its editorial on january 30, writes: the president has presented very bitter facts.
according to him, the inability of then prime minister p.v. narasimha rao to prevent the demolition of the mosque was his biggest failurethe demolition was an act of deception that had disappointed him.
the president says he could understand raos sadness at the demolition as he had worked with him for many decades [but] one cannot agree with the observation of the president because rao was fully aware of the plan for demolition.
and it would not be wrong to say that, in a way, he himself was a part of this plan.
therefore, the talk about his sadness and disappointment doesnt seem correct many important congress leaders have considered rao responsible for the demolition.
jadeed khabar, on january 31, highlights the fact that the president has not put only rao in the dock he has also criticised late prime minister rajiv gandhi, saying that getting the locks of the babri masjid opened on february 1, 1986, was a wrong decisionshahs challengeroznama khabrain, in an editorial on january 27, writes: the question is whether amit shah has really provided strength to the bjp or has been crowned only because of pm narendra modis stubbornness.
the partys internal situation is marked by turmoil.
sushma swaraj, vasundhara raje, shivraj singh chouhan and arun jaitley are facing serious allegations of misdemeanour.
but shah didnt disturb anyone, nor did he question them and, instead, chose to show the door to senior party leader kirti azad.
this posture of shah made him tall in the eyes of the party.
people saw how the fear of the partys image getting tarnished was overshadowed by the efforts to save the ministers.
therefore, no leader of the party talked of removing shah despite the partys drubbing in the bihar assembly elections.
in fact, his second coronation can even be seen as a reward for his steps in support of allegedly corrupt leaders shahs big challenge in his second innings is to remove the perception inside and outside the party that its controlled by a small group.
siasat, in its editorial on may 25, writes: despite his onerous responsibility for the forthcoming elections shah doesnt seem to have learnt any lesson from the defeats in delhi and bihar, nor has he tried to bring about any change in the partys functioning people have started getting disappointed by the performance of the nda government modis popularity has decreased.
there are also differences within the party.
all this is bound to make shahs second innings more difficult.
union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by tashi tobgyal) union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by tashi tobgyal)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saturday confirmed the death of an indian national in washington state in the united states who was shot dead by two armed miscreants.
punjab: family of vikram jaryal mourns his death in his hometown hoshiarpur.
jariyal was shot dead in usas washington state.
punjab: family of vikram jaryal mourns his death in his hometown hoshiarpur.
jariyal was shot dead in usas washington state.
the foreign minister said the ministry is coordinating with investigative agencies who have got cctv footage and are in the process of apprehending the suspects.
the indian consulate in san francisco is in touch with jaryals family and is additionally following up with the local police.
punjab: family of vikram jaryal mourns his death in his hometown hoshiarpur.
jariyal was shot dead in usas washington state.
punjab: family of vikram jaryal mourns his death in his hometown hoshiarpur.
jariyal was shot dead in usas washington state.
press trust of india reported that jaryal, who hailed from hoshiarpur district in punjab, was working at a store at the am-pm gas station in yakima city when he was shot by the robbers.
the victim was able to tell officers what happened when they arrived a few minutes later; but tragically, he died a short time later at the hospital, police was quoted saying by the nbc right now channel.
jaryal had come to the us just 25 days ago.
b'national security adviser ajit doval on friday held talks with top official of chinas ruling cpc yang jiechi in shanghai.
(file photo) national security adviser ajit doval on friday held talks with top official of chinas ruling cpc yang jiechi in shanghai.
(file photo)national security adviser ajit doval on friday held talks with top official of chinas ruling cpc yang jiechi in shanghai, the indian embassy here said, the second meeting between the two officials after the last years dokalam stand-off.
dovals meeting with yang, the politburo member of the cpc, comes ahead of several key dialogues between the two countries, which are trying to reset the ties after the last years 73-day long stand-off at doklam.
the indian embassy in a brief statement said that doval and yang, both special representatives of the india-china boundary talks, held talks, but gave no details about the meeting.
yang is also director of foreign affairs commission.
till last month, yang was the state councillor of the cpc, a top diplomatic post.
he was replaced by foreign minister, wang yi.
wang will hold the dual posts of state councillor and foreign minister in a major reshuffle of top officials.
this is the second meeting between doval and yang after the doklam stand-off.
yang attended the 20th round of boundary talks between the two countries in delhi in december last year during which both sides decided to reset the ties with more interactions.
since december, the two sides are trying to iron out differences on the china-pakistan economic corridor, indias entry into the nuclear suppliers group and china blocking the efforts to designate jaish-e-muhammad chief masood azhar as a terrorist by the un.
the two countries are preparing for a series of high-level interactions leading up to prime minister narendra modis proposed visit for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in june.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman are scheduled to be in beijing on april 24 to attend different meetings of the sco and interact with their counterparts from the member states.
the eight-member sco, in which india was a latest entrant along with pakistan, is due to hold its summit in the chinese city of qingdao.
the sco comprised of china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, uzbekistan, india and pakistan.
ahead of the summit, the organisation which is focused on anti-terrorism cooperation is holding a host of ministerial and officials meetings to work out a firm agenda for the summit to provide a new direction to the grouping.
sco foreign and defence ministers meetings are also scheduled on april 24 and almost around the same time, according to officials here.
both sides attach lot of significance to these meetings to reset the ties as they were taking place after president xi jingping has commenced his second-five-year tenure last month with the prospect continuing in power for life following the removal of two-term limit for the president.
keeping the possibility of early general elections in mind,bjp has drawn up an aggressive campaign strategy with special focus on southern states,and development and good governance as its agenda,senior party leader venkaiah naidu said here today.
there is a possibility of an early election because the congress is losing day-by-day,whatever the prime minister may say.
people are waiting for an earliest opportunity to throw this government out fully.
there is a thinking in delhi that why should we wait till april.
let us cut down the losses and combine the lok sabha and the assembly elections in november.
this discussion is going on at the centre, naidu told reporters here.
hence,we are gearing up our state units to be prepared with contingency plans.
if polls are held in november,we will have 100 days and if they are held in april,we will have 200 days.
we will organise rallies across the countrywe have already identified the placesnarendra modi will conduct a whirlwind tour while other top leaders like l k advani,rajnath singh,sushma swaraj,murali manohar joshi and arun jaitley will also address these rallies, said naidu,the head of bjps mass campaign programme.
bjp would organise sammelans in 542 lok sabha constituencies,he said.
we will mobilise the intelligentsia for campaign while friends of bjp and overseas friends of bjp will also be involved.
our aim is to pass on the message about the challenges before the country and spread the bjps agenda of development and good governance, the rajya sabha member added.
the irony is,india is developing but people are not getting the fruits of development.
the prime minister claimed that only one particular year was bad but the situation had been bad ever since he took over.
the congress is running away from this but we will not let it go scot-free, naidu said.
as the country bid the final farewell to former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, condolences poured in from across the border as well, with several pakistanis paying her tributes and recalling her humanity first approach.
advertisingfrom the mother of a toddler with a rare heart disease to a pakistani woman who married an indian and sought a permanent visa, swaraj helped out several pakistanis in their hour of need.
read | president, pm lead farewell to peoples ministerrohaan was born with a congenital heart defect on july 29, 2017.
doctors in pakistan gave him just a month to live and recommended an immediate open heart surgery.
the family got all documents prepared to come to india but visas were not being issued.
finally, rohaans mother mehwish mukhtar (33) from lahore started an online campaign help baby rohaan and tweeted to swaraj, seeking her help.
my child was given just a month to live.
he needed immediate surgery.
sushma swaraj responded to our plea on twitter and got visas issued immediately.
my babys first surgery was done in india on september 8, 2017.
it was successful.
she heard us on humanitarian grounds when there was no hope.
we respect her for what she did for my son and all children from pakistan, mukhtar said.
advertisingin september 2016, when tensions soared between india and pakistan following the uri attack and the subsequent surgical strikes, a 19-member women delegation from pakistan was in india to attend the global youth peace festival in chandigarh.
aliya harir (27), a peace activist who was on the delegation, recalled: we were worried if we would be able to return safely.
sushma maam called me and ensured our safe return, harir said.
b'kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan (file) kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan (file)kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan on wednesday said it was inhuman that the bjp led nda government hid from the nation the facts about the killing of 39 indians by isis at mosul in iraq.
making a statement in this regard in the assembly, he alleged that the centre always attempted to hide the facts from parliament whenever the matter was raised and it was unfortunate.
this can only be seen as an inhuman action on the part of the government, he said.
the house unanimously condemned the killing of the 39 indians, who hailed from punjab, bihar, himachal pradesh and west bengal.
they were abducted from mosul in iraq in 2014 were killed by islamic state terrorists and buried in a mass grave.
the house expressed deepest condolences to their families.
referring to the statement of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament on tuesday, vijayan said when such painful incidents occur, relatives should be informed first.
but in this case, the government took a different stand and informed parliament first, he said.
vijayan said the government also ignored the statement of harjit singh massi, the lone witness to the killing, who had managed to escape and reach india.
the centre not only ignored his version all these years, but also maintained that he was lying and put him behind bars in a false case, vijayan alleged.
b'prime minister narendra modi addresses an election rally in darbhanga on monday.
express photo by prashant ravi.
prime minister narendra modi addresses an election rally in darbhanga on monday.
express photo by prashant ravi.
the west bengal assembly elections will not see as much of prime minister narendra modi as the bihar polls did.
he will address only seven to 10 rallies and refrain from a negative campaign, bjp sources said  an apparent lesson drawn from the rout in bihar.
the election will be fought on what the party is offering to the state and what the modi-led government has done so far, they added.
however, as in bihar, the bjp will not project a chief ministerial candidate.
bjp chief amit shah will not address many public rallies either.
this is to give more prominence to state leaders and those who have been working in the state.
besides, language will be an issue for the party chief, said a bjp leader.
the state unit has demanded more rallies with union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and smriti irani, who can speak bengali.
they also want finance minister arun jaitley and railway minister suresh prabhu to make announcements that would have an immediate impact on middle-income voters.
the campaign will, however, still have some elements of earlier ones by the bjp.
the bjp will be vocal about the trinamool congress governments appeasement policies for muslims.
the prime minister will visit gaudiya math for its centenary celebrations in kolkata on february 21, and the party hopes this will send the right signals to the hindus in the state.
the gaudiya math and mission has around 75 lakh followers across the state.
bjp leaders say they will play a soft hindutva card by reaching out also to followers of ramakrishna mission, which has around one crore followers in bengal.
although the focus will be the alleged failures of mamata banerjees government, the party will frame slogans with a positive message.
we will focus on what the bjp can do where the present and past governments have failed.
for example, for the crisis-hit agrarian sector, the party will project the new crop insurance scheme, pradhan mantri fasal bima yojana, as a solution.
another issue, that of hawkers, can be resolved through micro-financing, which is being offered under the mudra banking scheme, said siddharth nath singh, bjp national secretary in charge of west bengal.
bjp general secretary in charge of the state kailash vijayvargiya and singh met tuesday to discuss the campaign.
a bjp leader said the party has observed that voters in the state have become increasingly disappointed with the undemocratic way in which elections are being held.
the bjps theme would be ab ki baar adhikar.
this means, he explained, that under the bjp the rights of every citizen will be honoured  for women, the issue will be safety; for hawkers; self-financing; for police, self-respect.
the party plans to distribute pictures of policemen seeking refuge under a table to escape an attack on a police station in kolkata recently.
other slogans will include ma, maati, manush surakshit nahin hain.
the bjp is also preparing a list of promises made by mamata, mukul roy and dinesh trivedi as railway ministers in the past.
they have made many promises, but 90 per cent of them are still unfulfilled, said the leader.
the bjp, which led 24 assembly segments in the 2014 lok sabha elections and was in second place in 28 others, will also use social media extensively.
it has collected data  out of west bengals 6 crore voters, one crore have smart phones and 3.
7 crore are mobile users, a leader said.
the party is in the process of deciding which constituencies would be ideal for its top leaders such as rahul sinha, rupa ganguly, samik bhattacharya, locket chatterjee and ritesh tiwari.
securitythe bjp has appealed to the election commission for measures to prevent rigging and is hoping the ec will appoint presiding officers from the central forces.
there are 77,000 booths in west bengal.
union home minister rajnath singh has already promised that the centre would deploy as many paramilitary personnel as necessary to ensure a free and fair election.
india is currently exploring all legal options to prevent his execution, said sources.
indian ambassador in indonesia has informed me that gurdip singh whose execution was fixed for last night, has not been executed, swaraj tweeted on friday.
however, it was not clear why the indian was not executed while four other convicts were put to death by the firing squad.
gurdip is among the 10 convicts whose execution was not carried out.
he was found guilty by an indonesian court of trying to smuggle in 300 gm of heroin and was handed a death penalty in 2005.
ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup had on thursday said indian embassy officials in jakarta were reaching out to the indonesian foreign office and the senior leadership of the country on the issue.
gurdips wife kulwinder kaur, who now lives with her two children at her fathers place in nakodar near jalandhar, said she could not believe her ears when she heard her husbands voice over the phone on friday morning.
he told me, tera gurdip bach gaya, chamatkar ho gaya (your gurdip has been spared, its a miracle).
i was close to the firing squad.
my hands were tied and i was blindfolded, but then i was called back.
the indian government stood by me, kaur said, quoting gurdip.
gurdip made two more calls later in the day and spoke to his daughter manjot (17) and nephew gurpal singh.
besides manjot, gurdip has a son, sukhbir (13).
kulwinder said gurdip had thanked the indian government, especially external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the media for taking up this case.
he had also asked gurpal to keep informed about any development in the matter, she said.
he told me that he will return to the jail he was lodged in and asked me to request the government to bring him back home, she said.
i would be indebted to sushmaswaraj ji (sushma swaraj) and media all my life.
i want to meet her to thank her personally, kulwinder said.
according to kulwinder, gurdip, hailing from sitalpur in ups saharanpur district, left for new zealand in 2002 but travel agents stopped him in indonesia, took away his passport and forced him into the drug trade.
he was arrested in 2004 and has been in jail since then.
b'prime minister narendra modi with president of china xi jinping in ahmedabad, gujarat.
express photo by javed raja prime minister narendra modi with president of china xi jinping in ahmedabad, gujarat.
express photo by javed rajaindia has stayed away from the belt and road initiative (bri) summit which began in beijing on sunday, citing sovereignty, procedural and leadership issues.
as many as 120 countries, including 29 at the top leadership level, attended the inaugural, underlining president xi jinpings description of this being the project of the century.
india has cited the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec), which passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir as the main reason for refusing to participate in the summit.
sovereignty and territorial integrity issues, which tie in with the nationalist nature of prime minister modis government, are clearly top of the agenda.
interestingly, this is true for xi jinping as well.
chinas sovereignty claims over the disputed south china sea islands has led it to challenge the world.
also, president xi, soon after taking over as the leader in 2012, suggested he will not sacrifice core interests for the sake of developmental interests.
so is the cpec only a commercial project?
surely, thats not true.
the fact that the chinese have begun to deploy 30,000 security personnel to protect the projects along the cpec route makes it an active player in the politics of the indian sub-continent.
clearly, this is a case of double standards.
former external affairs anand sharma, from the congress party, was willing to concede chinese investments in pakistan-occupied kashmir provided similar investments were made in kashmir.
however, the ruling bjp is clearly made of a different cloth.
but the chinese went ahead with the cpec.
for the bjp, this is also a highly sensitive issue as it is a coalition partner in the government in jammu and kashmir.
also read | belt and road forum: meet takes off without india, xi jinping says no harm to stabilityindia has also expressed concern on the evolution of the bri.
the foreign ministry spokesperson pointed out that mutual agreements on infrastructure projects should be transparent and debt repayments be made easier for recipient countries.
the latter element is fast emerging as the key ideological difference between the two asian powers as they expand their sphere of influence in south asia.
the context of this rising tension is important.
chinese troops have allegedly crossed the line of actual control that separates india in april 2013, in september 2014 during xi jinpings visit to india, as well as in october 2015 and mid-2016.
chinese press reports say this was in response to the indian logistics build-up and raising of a strike corps.
indian reports say it was only responding to a chinese logistics build up in tibet since the 1980s.
more recently, china has been reluctant to proscribe jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar at the un security council as well as refuse india full membership of the nuclear suppliers group.
indias decision to allow the dalai lama to visit tawang in arunachal pradesh didnt go down well in beijing.
ironically, india is the second largest contributor to the asian infrastructure investment bank (aiib), which has allocated $100 billion for bri and also funds the bangladesh-china-india-myanmar economic corridor.
india has over 8 per cent voting rights at aiib, and remains rightly concerned about the larger strategic issues of the bri.
president xis ambitions are clear.
at the bri inaugural he said it would usher in a new type of international relations.
in june 2013 he had told former us president barak obama about chinas intention to establish a new type of major power relations  suggesting that chinas global ambitions had increased beyond the inward-looking us, depleting russia and the crises-ridden european union.
but xi also insisted that the bris objective is to build partnerships and not alliances.
this opens the door for maneuverability, on chinas part as well as on the part of countries like india.
indias decision to boycott the summit is not surprising.
there was some talk about delhi being represented by indian embassy officials in beijing.
however, this was rejected as the presence of any junior or senior officials, representatives of the government of india, would be seen as sanctioning the summit.
certainly, the battle for south asia has been joined.
delhi is clearly worried about chinas expanding presence in its own neighbourhood  which it believed to be part of its own sphere of influence.
but chinas maritime understanding with sri lanka, its decision to sell eight submarines to pakistan and enhance the facilities at gwadar port, prowl the indian ocean with its submarines as well as build a base in djibouti in africa have enraged new delhi.
the dragon is spitting repeated streaks of fire.
how long can the elephant be left behind?
whether the bharatiya janata party officially announces gujarat chief minister narendra modi as its prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 lok sabha polls or not is still to be seen but the modi-effect is already visible in the chandigarh unit of the party as some of the contenders for the ticket from the city are going all-out to project their proximity to the leader in the run-up to the elections.
modi,being the incharge of the party units of punjab,haryana,himachal pradesh and chandigarh from 1996 to 1999,has handled the election campaigns in the north.
in fact,it was during his tenure as the incharge of the unit that the bjp witnessed its two victories in the lok sabha elections from the city.
in the years 1996 and 1998 when the elections were held,satya pal jain had emerged victorious defeating congress leader pawan kumar bansal.
since then the party has not witnessed a win and it is bansal who has been the mp from the city for the past three terms,increasing his winning margin in every election.
jain says,i have a very good relationship not only with modi,but also with advaniji,sushma swaraj and arun jaitley among other senior leaders.
i stay in regular touch with modi on several issues concerning the party.
he has been incharge of the chandigarh unit and is a very good organiser.
president of the chandigarh unit sanjay tandon says that he was brought into politics by modi himself.
i was not involved in politics earlier.
after a meeting with my father,modi got me into politics and made me join the chandigarh unit in 1995.
i was then made incharge of the ca cell,subsequently the general secretary and then the president, he adds.
tandon has met modi at several times over the past few weeks and thereafter uploaded the pictures online.
during the recent meeting addressed by modi of presidents of all state units,discussions were held about the strategy for elections in chandigarh.
senior leader harmohan dhawan is also on a lobbying spree having met a number of senior leaders,including arun jaitley,rajnath singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi recently.
he claims that since modi was the incharge of chandigarh,he is aware that dhawan is a factor in the elections here.
people of chandigarh do not like to accept outsiders as their mp.
it is a peculiar situation here as there are no mlas.
so the residents want that the mp should be from the city who can be approached easily.
pawan bansal won the elections for the first time when i extended support to him.
this was the biggest mistake i made, says dhawan.
indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav.
(file photo) indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav.
(file photo)india on sunday said it was yet to get a response from pakistan on its demand for a certified copy of the charge-sheet as well as the military court order awarding death sentence to the retired indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav.
we have sought from the foreign ministry (of pakistan) a certified copy of the charge-sheet as well as the judgement in the death sentence of jadhav, but there is no response yet from pakistans side, mea spokesperson gopal baglay told reporters.
india had already announced that it would appeal against the death sentence to jadhav.
indian high commissioner in islamabad, gautam bambawale, had met pakistan foreign secretary tehmina janjua on friday in connection with the case and demanded a certified copy of the charge-sheet and the judgement, besides consular access to jadhav.
india made the demand for the two documents on friday when the indian high commissioner in islamabad met the pakistan foreign secretary, said baglay, replying to a question on the issue.
the death sentence to jadhav, 46, was confirmed by pakistan army chief general qamar javed bajwa after the field general court martial found him guilty of espionage and sabotage activities in pakistan.
pakistan claims its security forces had arrested jadhav from the restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
it also claimed that he was a serving officer in the indian navy.
the pakistan army had also released a confessional video of jadhav after his arrest.
however, india denied pakistans contention and maintained that jadhav was kidnapped by the pakistan authorities.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had warned that jadhavs execution would be taken by india as a pre-meditated murder and pakistan should consider its consequences on bilateral relations, if it proceeds on this matter.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam, who led a morcha over the hike in fuel prices outside the suburban collectors office, targeted actor amitabh bachchan.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam, who led a morcha over the hike in fuel prices outside the suburban collectors office, targeted actor amitabh bachchan.
continuing to protest against the bjp-led government over the rise in retail prices of petrol and diesel, the congress on thursday also dragged top bollywood personalities into the debate.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam, who led a morcha over the hike in fuel prices outside the suburban collectors office, targeted actor amitabh bachchan.
in 2012, when the petrol rate was rs 73 per litre, bachchan had quipped that the people could just about afford enough petrol to burn their cars.
the petrol rate now has climbed to rs 85 per litre.
back in 2012, the price of crude oil in international markets had climbed to $ 148 per barrel which had fuelled the price hike.
but currently, the crude oil price is $ 75 a barrell.
will bachchan ask questions to prime minister narendra modi now he asked.
some congress supporters were also trolled actors akshay kumar and anupam kher, who had similarly spoken out against the fuel hike in 2012.
targeting union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, nirupam said: in 2012, sushmaswaraj swaraj had targetted the (then) prime minister over the fuel hike and had said that it had brought the pms chair to disrepute.
does she feel the same about the current prime minister?
cm on price risechief minister devendra fadnavis on thursday advocated bringing petrol and diesel under goods and services tax (gst), which he said would help in reducing their prices.
he said a task force was exploring ways to bring down the prices.
b'not one worker of ours will go hungry.
(ap photo) not one worker of ours will go hungry.
she said the indian embassy in the gulf nation was running five camps to feed the affected people.
not one worker of ours will go hungry.
issues like logistics and modalities of a possible repatriation of the workers who want to return to india will be worked out during singhs visit.
official sources said approximately 10,000 indian workers have been affected by the economic slowdown in the gulf and the situation was fluid and dynamic.
they said the situation varied from company to company.
sources said 3,172 indian workers in riyadh have not been paid their salary dues for several months but are getting regular rations.
separately, 2,450 indian workers belonging to the saudi oger company are housed in five camps in jeddah, mecca and taif.
since july 25, the company had stopped providing meals to the workers besides defaulting on their salaries, the sources said.
watch video: whats making newsthe indian consulate in jeddah, with the assistance of the diaspora, has provided rations to the workers which should be sufficient for the next 810 days, they said.
swaraj noted that the law there does not permit an emergency exit visa without no objection certificate from the employers who, she said, have shut their factories and left the country, leaving these employees stranded.
the government has requested the saudi authorities to give them exit visas without noc from employers and also urged it to clear the dues of workers who have not been paid for months, whenever they settle the accounts with the companies concerned.
the death of a tamil nadu fisherman on tuesday in alleged firing by the sri lankan navy personnel has revived the demand for the katchatheevu island.
several political leaders have argued that the alleged atrocities by sri lankan navy would only end if the 285-acre is brought under indias control.
the 285-acre uninhabited island in palk strait lies within the maritime boundaries of sri lanka.
an agreement in 1974 between sri lanka and india handed over its ownership to the former, on a condition that indian fishermen would have access to katchatheevu.
dmk working president and the leader of opposition in the assembly m k stalin has written to the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, demanding immediate steps to retrieve the island, to restore the traditional rights of the indian fishermen and to stop the inhuman killings by the sri lankan navy.
he said retrieval of katchatheevu is the only solution the problem.
as the agreement did not specify fishing rights for indian fishermen, the sri lankan government interpreted it as the right for rest, drying nets and for visit to the catholic shrine without visa for indian fishermen.
meanwhile, protests against the killing of 22-year-old k bridjo, hailing from rameswaram in tamil nadu, continued in rameswaram and nearby areas on wednesday.
the fishermen community have declared an indefinite protest, and demanded a visit by the external affairs minister and a permanent solution to put an end to alleged atrocities by the sri lankan navy in palk bay.
the protesters have said they will not accept bridjos body till they get justice.
over 2,000 people gathered at thangachimadam in rameswaram on wednesday and demanded the immediate arrest of sri lankan navy personnel who fired at bridjo and another fisherman, saron (22), who was injured in the incident.
the protesting fishermen have also declared that they will boycott the annual festival at the st anthonys church on the island, scheduled for march 11 and 12.
the decision has come at a time when the authorities have made arrangements to ferry pilgrims in 140 trawlers to the island next week.
on an average, about 4,000 devotees from rameswaram visit the church during the festival every year.
amid the protests, the madras high court on wednesday asked the centre and tamil nadu government to look into the grievances of fishermen who were attacked in such incidents and sought details of the measures for welfare of their families.
a bench comprising acting chief justice huluvadi g ramesh and justice m sundar was hearing a pil, seeking a direction to central and state governments to formulate welfare schemes to rehabilitate families of fishermen attacked by navy of a foreign country.
a 32-year-old sikh man has been stabbed to death by an unidentified person allegedly over cigarettes outside a grocery store in california, the third indian-origin victim to be killed in a week in the us state.
jagjeet singh, who was a clerk at the hatch food and gas convenience store, came to the us 18 months ago and stayed with his sister and brother-in-law in modesto.
singh, who hailed from punjabs kapurthala city, reportedly had an altercation with one of the customers who came to buy cigarettes on friday, fox40 reported.
another clerk at the store sukhwinder singh, describing the events that led to the fatal encounter, said the outburst began apparently over being asked for an id and jagjeet had refused to sell cigarettes to the unidentified person as he did not show any proper id.
the man then reportedly left the store in a hurry, mouthing racist abuses and warning jagjeet of dire consequences.
the entire sequence was captured by a cctv camera installed in the store premises.
the customer then returned angry, 30 minutes later, and took jagjeets life when he was about to close the store, singh said.
jagjeet was soon rushed to the hospital where he struggled for his life for nine hours before finally succumbing to his injuries, the report said.
yesterday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to indian ambassador in the us navtej s sarna in the wake reports of killing of a sikh man in a suspected hate crime in that country.
modesto police are yet to determine the motive behind the attack and there is no official word about the killer.
paramedics responded because an employee had collapsed and they thought this to be a medical issue, said officer eric schuller with modesto police to fox40.
when they arrived on scene they found that this employee has actually been stabbed.
hes a hard worker, hard-working nice guyno problems, very calm, everything, he never was threatening, never yelled at a customer, said monica rodriguez, another clerk at the store.
its just a very sad situation what happened to him because nobody deserves that over something so small, rodriguez said.
friends at the store say he was a husband and father who had only been on the payroll in california for one month in hopes of supporting his family back in india.
meanwhile, rights group the sikh coalition said it has urged the modesto police department to leave no stone unturned in their investigation into the killing, including examining the possibility of this being a hate crime.
this was the third such incident involving killing of indian-origin people in california since wednesday night intwo separate incidents.
on wednesday night, indian-origin naren prabhu, a silicon valley technology executive and his wife, were shot at their home in san jose by their daughters ex-boyfriend who was eventually shot dead in a standoff with the police.
mirza tatlic, 24, fatally shot the couple in an apparent revenge attack.
on thursday, a 32-year-old doctor, ramesh kumar, has been shot dead under mysterious circumstances in a car in the us state of michigan.
coming to the defence of congress in the coalgate case,rjd president lalu prasad yadav today said bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj and bihar chief minister nitish kumar need not give certificate as to who is honest and who is corrupt in the upa government.
who is sushmaswaraj swaraj to comment on sonia gandhi and the upa governmentshe need not give certificate to the central government, prasad told reporters.
rjd is supporting manmohan singh government from outside.
he also assailed chief minister nitish kumar for making strong remarks on the upa government in the wake of supreme courts strong comments on coal scam issue.
the central government will reply to the supreme courtwhy sushmaswaraj and nitish are feeling pain?
prasad,lok sabha member from chhapra,wondered.
the rjd supremo flagged-off a rath yatra of his party to mobilise people for a party rally at gandhi maidan on may 15.
the rally is seen as prasads show of strength before the 2014 elections and also an effort to oust the nda government in the state headed by nitish kumar,from power.
b'kiren rijiju meeting with the uk minister baroness williams to discuss about india-uk joint efforts to deal with terrorism extremism.
(express photo) kiren rijiju meeting with the uk minister baroness williams to discuss about india-uk joint efforts to deal with terrorism extremism.
(express photo)the issue of extradition of liquor baron vijay mallya is progressing through appropriate legal channels and britain has reassured india about it, british minister for countering extremism baroness williams said on monday.
the issue came up for discussion between williams and minister of state (mos) for home affairs kiren rijiju during a meeting in new delhi.
she, however, declined to comment on whether the issue of nirav modi and mehul choksi, both wanted for financial fraud, came up for discussion.
when asked whether the british government is convinced that the jails are comfortable for mallya, she said, the issue is progressing through the appropriate legal channels and i spoke to the minister of state (rijiju) and gave him reassurances on that.
african nationals meeting ssp dharmendra yadav regarding the suspected racial attack on them by the locals in greater noida, gautambudh nagar on tuesday (pti photo) african nationals meeting ssp dharmendra yadav regarding the suspected racial attack on them by the locals in greater noida, gautambudh nagar on tuesday (pti photo)days after an angry mob attacked african nationals in greater noida, african immigrants in india are taking to social media to protest and raise their fears about living in the country.
four nigerian nationals were assaulted by the mob monday after a candle light protest went violent following the death of a class xii student reportedly due to drug overdose.
the locals claim the nigerian neighbours of the family are involved in the death of the student.
african nationals in india however are aghast that the mob targeted people who had nothing to do with the incident.
they also called for increased security measures and new laws to condemn racial abuse.
they will call an attack on blacks non racial but will attack anybody with a dark skin irrespective of the difference in the 54 countries there in the continent of africa.
but say we all the same?
is that not racial?
just because we look same dont make us same people because behind the dark skin we all have different identities, wrote nana kofi yalley, a ghanaian national, on facebook.
yalley, a public relations officer in bengaluru, said it was his dream to come to india as he had heard of the taj mahal, bollywood movies and pretty actresses.
but little did i know that the country i so much fell in love with living outside was a nightmare to live in .
where the people who you lived your daily life with will end up turning against you just in case there was a problem, he wrote.
he said he was saddened, frustrated and didnt know what brought the hatred from within.
must we also start ganging up on your fellow citizens who have gone to stay in our countries?
you say who cares just because you dont have a relative there to be attacked but if you were to be attacked your self will you dare to live to be attacked in another mans country where you are vulnerable?
thats the choice you leave us.
but we are too civilized to do unto you what you do unto us, he wrote.
demanding respect, yalley asked the government to not just cool tempers but help pass legislation that will prevent racial attacks.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to up chief minister yogi adityanath who assured her of a fair investigation into the incident.
minister of state for external affairs mj akbar has spoken to the acting high commissioner of nigeria and said the administration was taking steps to ensure security of nigerian nationals.
as per the figures available with the state government, there are 12,000 goans working in qatar, most of whom are in white collar jobs like that in the banks.
as per the figures available with the state government, there are 12,000 goans working in qatar, most of whom are in white collar jobs like that in the banks.
as the crisis in qatar continued, goa nri commission has claimed around 12,000 people from the state who are working there have not given any distress call and asked for any help from india.
there is no impact of the prevailing situation on the goans living there.
at least we have not received any complaints, ulhas kamat, officer on special duty (osd), goa nri commission told pti on friday.
he said that there were reports of shortage of supplies and rush to the supermarkets to stock the commodities in qatar.
but there is no complaint from goans living there to the commission, kamat said.
as per the figures available with the state government, there are 12,000 goans working in qatar, most of whom are in white collar jobs like that in the banks.
kamat said that the intervention of union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and indian embassy in that country has helped indian there feel safe.
goans also have an active association there.
the history of goans going to qatar is not recent and hence there is a strong connection between both the regions, he said.
the association of southeast asian nations (asean) comprises thailand, vietnam, indonesia, malaysia, the philippines, singapore, myanmar (burma), cambodia, laos and brunei.
saran said all the asean leaders appreciated indias positive role in the indo-pacific region.
the association of southeast asian nations (asean) comprises thailand, vietnam, indonesia, malaysia, the philippines, singapore, myanmar (burma), cambodia, laos and brunei.
saran said all the asean leaders appreciated indias positive role in the indo-pacific region.
all 10 asean leaders conveyed to india their desire for it to play a more assertive role in the strategically important indo-pacific region while recognising the countrys growing stature in ensuring regional peace and stability.
yes, said secretary east in the ministry of external affairs preeti saran when asked during a media briefing whether the leaders of the powerful asean grouping favoured a more assertive role for india in the indo-pacific region where china has been ramping up its military presence.
on whether asean wants india to play a more pro-active role in the indo-pacific in the wake of chinas growing expansionism in the area, saran said india-asean relationship stands on its own.
all the leaders conveyed their desire for a greater participation of india (in the indo-pacific region), she said.
the desire by the asean countries for a greater role by india in the indo-pacific region assumes significance in the wake of rising tensions between china and a number of countries of the grouping over the south china sea dispute.
leaders of all 10 asean member countries were here to participate at a summit meeting to mark 25 years of india-asean ties and to attend indias republic day celebrations.
indo-pacific broadly refers to the indian ocean and pacific ocean regions, which also include the disputed south china sea where vietnam, malaysia, the philippines, and brunei question chinas claims over almost the entire waterway.
the us has also been pitching for greater indo-us cooperation in the strategically key indo-pacific region.
the association of southeast asian nations (asean) comprises thailand, vietnam, indonesia, malaysia, the philippines, singapore, myanmar (burma), cambodia, laos and brunei.
saran said all the asean leaders appreciated indias positive role in the indo-pacific region.
a number of pressing issues including the situation in the indo-pacific region and ways to tackle threat of terrorism figured during the summit meeting as well as in bilateral talks prime minister narendra modi had with the asean leaders.
referring to the challenge of terrorism, saran said that asean leaders emphasised on the need for concerted global efforts to contain the menace.
terrorism does not know any boundaries.
you know what is cross border terrorism, you cannot be selective in tackling terrorism.
they (asean leaders) recognised the need for the menace to be fought collectively, said saran.
she said india will host a conference on ways to counter radicalisation.
referring to the deliberations at the plenary session at the summit, sthe desire by the asean countries for a greater role by india in the indo-pacific region assumes significance in the wake of rising tensions between china and a number of countries of the grouping over the south china sea dispute.
aran said prime minister narendra modi offered indias digital expertise and expressed readiness to set up digital villages in some of the countries as part of a pilot project.
he also said that india will host an asean-india start up festival this year.
she said next year will be celebrated as the year of india-asean tourism by both the sides.
india also offered 1,000 scholarships in iit for phd students from asean countries.
saran and several other officials of the mea also talked about the meticulous planning that went into hosting the asean leaders including choosing fabric for pillow covers and arranging for various recepies considering the food habits of the leaders.
they also talked about how external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was involved in minute details for successful hosting of leaders.
express photo by tashi tobgyal swaraj told deuba that prime minister modi was eager to welcome him in india.
express photo by tashi tobgyalnepal and india need to enhance connectivity and bring the two sides closer, including the minds of people, prime minister sher bahadur deuba told sushmaswaraj swaraj, indias external affairs minister, during their 20-minute group meeting on wednesday, which was followed by a one-on-one that lasted 10 minutes.
that one sentence reflects the current state of bilateral relations, a legacy of civilisation, culture, history and geography both sides have actively undermined in the past decade.
swaraj, who was in kathmandu to attend the bimstec ministerial-level meeting, spent a substantial part of her two-day visit with nepali actors including deuba.
the message she tried to convey was india wanted a constructive engagement with nepal and erase the image of an external micro-manager.
her advice to the madhesi leaders, all of them from the rastriya janata party, which is now unhappy with both delhi and kathmandu, was to participate in the local bodies poll that is to be followed by elections to the provinces and the federal parliament between mid-september and late january next year.
deuba said these elections will be crucial milestones  proof of the execution of the constitution that india officially has only taken note of and not welcomed.
the participation of the rjp in the election at indias behest marks a reversal of its earlier policy of poll boycott, which too was backed by delhi.
delhis change of course on the madhesi stance could be a tactical decision and not a complete rejection of its previous stand.
it may have been influenced by the stand-off with china and the realisation in delhi that the unprecedented level of anti-india feeling in nepal could become counter productive.
the indian stance on the constitution and the economic blockade that followed the madhesi protests after september 2015 are the two issues that created the anti-india feeling in nepal.
the crisis also allowed key nepali actors to push through the hastily prepared constitution without following due process.
less than 20 months after the statute was promulgated, the cpn (maoist centre), the second largest party in the ruling coalition and the third largest group in parliament, fears that the nepali congress headed by deuba and the main opposition, the cpn-unified marxist leninist, may gang up to restore the monarchy and nepals hindu nation status.
if they get a chance, they will bring monarchy back.
but they will first declare nepal a hindu country again, cpn (maoist centre) head and former pm, pushpa kamal dahal said recently.
the development indicates the growing distrust among the ruling coalition partners, the nepali congress and the maoists.
dahals apprehensions may also have to do with deubas india visit next week and delhis visible rollback of its support to the radical agenda of forces like the maoists.
during their visits to delhi prior to the promulgation of the constitution, both dahal and deuba were advised by senior bjp leaders and authorities in the government to at least avoid mentioning nepal as a secular country if restoring the hindu status was not immediately possible.
the cpn (maoist centre) had vetoed such a move.
but with radical political parties and their agenda losing public support, and india reluctant to patronise them, nepals politics and constitution may be in for big changes.
the nepali people were denied a role in deciding crucial issues, including whether the country should stay with the monarchy or opt for republicanism, adopt federalism or a decentralised unitary system of governance, turn secular or continue as a hindu state.
this is the singular reason for the peoples lack of ownership in the current constitution.
much of the radical agenda originally belonged to the maoists, but was adopted by the leaderships of the nepali congress and the madhesi groups when all three outfits got to share power after 2006.
the period after the adoption of the radical agenda saw nepali political actors and indian babus micro-managing nepals politics.
this phase destabilised nepal and cost india the goodwill it used to command.
swaraj also met madhav nepal, former pm and leader of uml, a party perceived to have pushed nepal into chinas lap when its chief k.p. oli was the pm.
both leaders agreed that there was a great need to dispel the misunderstandings that cloud the bilateral relations.
for that to happen, india will have to persuade the top nepali political actors  the nepali congress, maoists, uml and madhesi groups  to review the radical agenda they adopted under indias mediation in november 2005, and involve people directly in settling the issues once and for all.
if india asks for a larger role for nepali people in shaping the political course and the constitution, not only will the political process and the statute gain in credibility but a fair amount of the negative feelings towards india will also be dispelled.
if swarajs outreach is the sign of a new beginning, nepal-india relations can hope to be on the right track in the near future.
sarod maestro ustad amjad ali khan sarod maestro ustad amjad ali khanuk high commission on saturday said it will speak to sarod maestro ustad amjad ali khan, a day after his visa application was rejected.
we dont comment on the detail of individual cases, but can confirm we will offer to speak to mr khan about how he should apply for the correct type of visa to do what he wishes to do in the uk, a british high commission spokesperson said on refusal of visa to the internationally renowned musician.
the 70-year-old artiste, who was to perform at the royal festival hall next month, had said that he was shocked and appalled at the rejection of his visa application.
tagging foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in his tweet, khan had written, my uk visa rejected.
extremely sad for artists who are spreading the message of love & peace @hci_london @meaindia @ukinindia @sushmaswaraj.
shocked & appalled.
#uk visa rejected.
scheduled to perform at the #royalfestivalhall in sep @hci_london @meaindia @sushmaswaraj @ukinindia, he further wrote.
performing almost every year in #uk since the early 70s.
upset to have my visa rejected @hci_london @meaindia @ukinindia @sushmaswaraj, he added.
expressing disappointment over the denial of the travel document, amjads son amaan ali said, this has never happened beforehe is someone who has worked all his life for the country and peace.
the government should take interest why they (uk) are doing this.
external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)an indian student was beaten up in a tram in the city of poznan in poland on wednesday.
the student, who is yet to be identified, was earlier reported to have died because of the assault.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs attention was drawn to a polish news report about the incident.
the person who drew the attention of the minister on twitter said the indian student had died, though the translated version of the polish report only said that the victim had been beaten up.
responding immediately, swaraj sought more information from indian ambassador in poland ajay bisaria.
the ambassador said the student had survived the attack.
b'palestinian president mahmoud abbas, right shakes hands with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during their meeting at his office in the west bank city of ramallah.
palestinian president mahmoud abbas, right shakes hands with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during their meeting at his office in the west bank city of ramallah.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs two-day visit to tel aviv and ramallah might end new delhis discomfort with itself in dealing with israel and palestine.
but indias past problems in the middle east pale into insignificance in comparison to the challenges staring at delhi today.
after independence, indias mental map of the middle east had two axes.
one was the conflict between the arabs and israelis.
the other was anti-imperial solidarity.
indias simple political image of the middle east, of course, never fully reflected the messy ground realities.
but the indian political class would not let facts come in the way.
for the congress, sounding pro-arab and anti-west became a matter of political expediency.
the jana sangh and others on the right saw indias middle east policy as a prisoner of minority appeasement at home.
the establishment of full diplomatic relations with israel after the cold war did not help move delhi decisively towardsan interest-driven regional policy.
the upa government deepened indias engagement with israel in private but was not willing to be seen with its leaders in public.
the immediate instinct of prime minister narendra modi, in contrast, was to flaunt indias special relationship with israel and his own personal bonhomie with israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu.
since then, though, the modi government has begun to recognise that indias interests demand an open and transparent engagement with all sides in the middle east.
if delhi has struggled all these years to find the balance in coping with the arab-israeli dispute, it must now deal with far more pressing challenges arising from the intra-arab conflicts, the deepening sectarian faultlines and the mounting rivalry between saudi arabia and iran.
indias traditional anti-western prism too looks outdated in understanding the region.
after failed western interventions in iraq, libya and afghanistan, president barack obama is refusing to drag america into a new regional quagmire in the middle east.
after four decades of marginalisation in the middle east, russia is actively intervening in the region.
america may still be the most important power in the middle east.
but its hegemony is being chipped away on both the supply and demand side.
there are other trends as well.
extended hostility between the us and iran has begun to ease after the resolution of the nuclear dispute between tehran and the international community.
this has sent a chill down the spine of many arab regimes that have long reliedon american power as the guarantor of regional security.
the normally cautious saudi arabia has struck out on its own.
it has assembled a coalition of more than 30 countries to support its new regional activism.
the contestation between riyadh and tehran is now the dominant reality in syria, iraq, bahrain and yemen.
the new regional dynamic is illustrated by two other visits to the middle east this week.
one is by president xi jinping, who is travelling this week to saudi arabia, egypt and iran, and the other is a surprising dash to riyadh and tehran by pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif, accompanied by the army chief, general raheel sharif.
china, which has largely kept itself away from the politics of the region, is moving gingerly on a pivot to the greater middle east.
for the region itself, china now looms large as a long-term economic and political partner.
china is now the largest importer of oil from the region.
xi wants to complement it by promoting beijings one belt, one road initiative.
china has put itself in the middle of the afghan peace process, and stepped up its political engagement with both iran and the arabs.
the chinese navy has operated in the gulf of aden since 2008, and has begun to build a military base in djibouti.
beijing is also likely to expand its arms sales and military assistance to the region.
if xis visit comes after a steady rise in chinas profile in the region, the rare joint foreign visit by the pakistan pm and the army chief underlines the impact of gulf geopolitics on the subcontinent.
although islamabad is presenting the foray as an effort to mediate between saudi arabia and iran, it is more a tightrope walk between a neighbour and a longstanding benefactor.
it is also about relieving the tension between saudi pressure to join the war against iran and the widespread internal opposition to it.
like pakistan, bangladesh, too, is under intense pressure to pay back the saudis.
the emerging middle east has little in common with indias outdated perceptions of the region.
persisting with the traditional political timidity and posturing will cost india dearly.
to secure indias vast and vital interests in the middle east and to prevent the fires there enveloping the subcontinent, delhi needs to liberate its policy from narrow domestic political considerations, look beyond oil and diaspora, and embark on a substantive strategic engagement with the region.
foreign ministers and officials of the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) pose for a group photo before a meeting at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, china, tuesday.
(ap photo) foreign ministers and officials of the shanghai cooperation organization (sco) pose for a group photo before a meeting at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, china, tuesday.
(ap photo)in a veiled attack on pakistan, india today said that terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights and the fight against it should also identify states that encourage, support and finance the menace and provide sanctuary to terror groups.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers meeting also attended by pakistan foreign minister khawaja muhammad asif, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
there are a number of challenges that are being faced by the world today, foremost being the threat of global terrorism and the imminent need to build a strong security architecture to combat it, the minister said.
terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights: of life, peace and prosperity, swaraj said.
the criminal terrorist militias are not impeded by borders as they seek to destroy the architecture of international stability and build walls of fear in societies that believe in pluralism, she said.
maiming and killing innocent lives indiscriminately, constitutes the most blatant violation of human rights, she said.
we have to work together to wipe-out this scourge from the face of the earth.
in order to realise this objective, we must unite across our differences, strengthen our resolve and script an effective strategy against terror.
we welcome the clarity shown by the sco on terrorism from its inception.
we should also urgently resolve to establish comprehensive convention on international terrorism that india proposed more than two decades ago in the united nations.
we are determined to consistently strengthen cooperation within the sco framework for comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security, the minister said.
the meeting was also attended by foreign ministers wang yi of china, kairat abdrakhmanov of kazakhstan, abdyldaev erlan bekeshovich of kyrgyzstan, sergey lavrov of russia, sirodjidin muhridinovich aslov of tajikistan, abdulaziz khafizovich kamilov of uzbekistan, and secretary general of the sco rashid alimov among others.
swaraj also raised the issue of reforms at the un security council and said it is clear to many of us that the security council is increasingly unable, or sometimes unwilling, to respond to the security challenges of our times, with tragic consequences.
for long india has been calling for the reform of the un security council, the world bodys top organ.
we must not lose sight of the fact that reforms of the un will be incomplete, without reforms in the security council to make it more representative of contemporary realities.
since 2008, the international community has carefully nurtured the ongoing inter governmental negotiations at the un to take our discussions on unsc reforms forward, she said.
india is committed to the un framework convention on climate change and its paris agreement of 2015 on combating climate change.
addressing climate change and promoting secure, affordable and sustainable clean energy are indias shared priorities, she said.
following the establishment of international solar alliance in december 2017, prime minister narendra modi hosted its founding conference in new delhi in march 2018, during which the delhi solar agenda was adopted, she said.
we want connectivity to pave the way for cooperation and trust between our societies.
for this, respect for sovereignty is essential.
inclusivity, transparency and sustainability are imperative.
india has cooperated extensively with international community for enhanced connectivity.
india has operationalised the air freight corridor between kabul, kandahar, new delhi and mumbai last year.
i believe that peace and development in afghanistan contributes to security and prosperity of the member states and the region as a whole.
this can only be achieved through political dialogue and reconciliation in an atmosphere free from terror and violence, within the framework of afghan constitution.
we must strongly support the active efforts of the afghan government to implement afghan-led, afghan-owned and afghan-controlled inclusive peace and reconciliation process.
india actively supports the activation of the sco-afghanistan contact group, the moscow consultation format and other mechanisms of dialogue and cooperation for restoration of peace and development in afghanistan, the minister added.
b'a latvia woman has gone missing since march 14 from an ayurvedic centre in keralas thiruvananthapuram district, where she has been undergoing treatment.
liga skromane(33), her elder sister ilze skromane on monday tweeted to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, please help, we are heart-broken and worried.
ilze has also declared a reward of rs 1 lakh to anyone who can provide lead about liga, who has gone missing from kovalam beach in thiruvananthapuram.
ligas friend alexa reached thiruvananthapuram hearing the incident.
ilze and alexa have pasted notices in kovalam area, promising the reward for those who help trace down liga.
according to police, the sisters reached kochi on february 2 and moved to the ayurvedic centre at pothenkodu near thiruvananthapuram for treatment.
liga has been reportedly depressed over her skin disease, for which she has been under treatment.
on march 14 liga went out for a walk outside the ayurvedic centre and later boarded an auto rickshaw from pothenkodu junction.
she was dropped at kovalam beach as per her request.
none has seen her since then.
the woman might be possessing around rs 1000.
but, she hadnt taken her passport or any other documents.
so, she could not leave the country, said police.
thiruvananthapuram rural district police superintendent p ashok kumar said police havent got any lead into the missing of the foreign woman.
a body of a woman was washed ashore at kulachal in tamil nadus kanyakumari district on wednesday.
we have examined it along with the missing womans sister, who could not identify the body as that of her sister.
for last one week, we have been probing as per the information furnished by the sister.
now, we have decided to question her in detail to verify her claims, said the sp.
smriti irani, union textile minister (pti photo/file photo) smriti irani, union textile minister (pti photo/file photo)union textile minister smriti irani will be going to siachen base camp on raksha bandhan while seven other women ministers of the narendra modi government will be visiting soldiers elsewhere that day.
defence minister manohar parrikar said irani will visit the siachen base camp on august 18.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, water resources minister uma bharti, women and child welfare minister maneka gandhi will visit borders areas and interact with the soldiers.
nirmala sitharaman, minister of state for commerce; sadhvi niranjan jyoti, minister of state in the ministry of food processing industries; and anupriya patel, minister of state in the ministry of health and family welfare will be also meeting soliders on raksha bandhan.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj / monika monika khangembam external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj / monika monika khangembamexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday took note of a facebook post by manipuri girl monika khangembam in which she had alleged that an immigration officer at delhis igi airport humiliated her by asking her about her nationality.
the officer, according to her post, repeatedly kept asking her questions to test her knowledge about the country and even told her that she did not look like an indian.
read that report here.
swaraj tweeted that while the immigration department doesnt come under her ministry, she would take up the matter with home minister rajnath singh.
on sunday night, swaraj tweeted: monika khangembam  i am sorry to know this.
immigration is not with me.
i will speak to my senior colleague shri @rajnathsingh ji to sensitise immigration officials at the airport.
monika khangembam  i am sorry to know this.
immigration is not with me.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 10, 2016i will speak to my senior colleague shri @rajnathsingh ji to sensitise immigration officials at the airport.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 10, 2016there have been many other instances in past where north-easterners living in different parts of the country had to face racial discrimination.
in january 2014, a teenage student from arunachal pradesh nido taniam was beaten to death by shopkeepers in delhis lajpat nagar market over an altercation which started when the men made fun of his hairstyle.
villagers in jasaipur of banda district in bundelkhand region are a worried lot due to the growing tension on the indo-pak border.
the reason: 12 men from this village are lodged in a jail in pakistan since 2017.
the families have been taking all efforts to get them released and have now decided to send letters to the prime minister and external affairs minister for help.
advertisingthe 12 persons, working as fishermen in gujarat, were arrested for violating their territorial waters.
since their arrest, the families have been requesting the central and the state governments for help to get them released.
inspector rajeev kumar, local intelligence unit (liu) in charge in banda district, said, we have no other details except that 12 persons from jasaipur village are in a pakistani jail.
village head, gyan singh, said, we want the cross-border issue to be settled soon because it may affect the release of 12 of our men in pakistani jail.
they were working as fishermen in gujarat and were arrested by pakistani security men while at work.
they all had gone at different time period for employment.
some of them went to gujarat in 2017.
advertisingghanshyam, a government school teacher and elder brother of chandra prakash, one of the men in jail, told the indian express, chandra prakash (34) went to gujarat in 2017 along with two other local residents.
in december, 2017, we received a call from gujarat informing that chandra prakash got arrested in pakistan after the boat entered their territory.
since then, they have been making all efforts for his release, ghanshyam said.
recently, i sent a letter to prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath seeking help in release of chandra prakash.
so far, i have not received any reply, added ghanshyam.
chandra prakashs wife and two children  daughter (6) and son (2) are in the village.
around two months ago, we got a letter from chandra prakash who is in a karachi jail.
he was hopeful to be released soon, added ghanshyam.
manoj kumar, whose elder brother akhilesh srivastava is also lodged in a pakistan jail, said, we are worried over the growing tension between india and pakistan and hope that the situation would become normal soon.
we know until the tension gets settled, the pakistan government would not consider releasing them.
i have sent a letter to up chief minister yogi adityanath, seeking his help for the release of my brother, said manoj.
akhilesh srivastava (27) is unmarried and went to gujarat in 2017.
in 2018, we got a letter from him in which he had asked about the well-being of the family, added manoj.
chhiduwa (60) is waiting his son pappu to be released from pakistan jail.
my son went to gujarat in 2016.
a year later, i got a call from a businessman there that my son was arrested in pakistan.
last year, i got a letter from pappu sent from a pakistani jail but since then we have not received any information on him, said chhidduwa, a labourer.
pappus wife kalawati along with two children  daughter (5) and son (2)  stay with the family in the village.
shivpyari devi, whose husband babu (49) is lodged in pakistan jail, has not received any letter from her husband.
after hearing about the tension between india and pakistan from others, i have decided to meet senior officials to get my husband released from pakistani jail.
shivpyari has three children and eldest among them, kamal (22), does farming and earns for the family.
bhairam, father of om prakash (30) who is among the 12 arrested by pakistan, said, my another son, deepak, who is employed in surat in gujarat, has been pursuing for the release of om prakash.
we want the governments of both the countries to settle down the issue soon.
the wife and two children of om prakash are staying in the village.
b'former external affairs minister salman khurshid said that india deserves to be a nsg member.
former external affairs minister salman khurshid said that india deserves to be a nsg member.
former external affairs minister salman khurshid on thursday asserted that india deserve to be a member of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg).
i am sincerely hoping that we will become a full member of the nsg.
we deserve it.
but i am not quite sure that it is going to happen this time because china has given very clear indications that there are issues which it wants to resolve, khurshid told ani.
watch video | xi jinping, pm modi to meet on sidelines of sco summit in tashkenthe also said that it is the duty of the nda-led centre to go and negotiate with china, and if they cant, they should tell the country.
i wish we would have been told by the government what the issues are, and if they think they are confidential, they should have at least said there are impediments and it will take some time.
we cannot go and negotiate.
it is the government who has to negotiate and if they cant, they should tell the country, he added.
watch video- indias nsg bid: modi proposes, many oppose itmeanwhile, prime minister narendra modi will today meet chinese president xi jinping in tashkent in an attempt to win beijings support for indias membership to the nsg.
he will be meeting president xi jinping on the sidelines of a shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit meeting that is currently on in tashkent.
foreign secretary s. jaishankar yesterday left for seoul to make a last minute push for new delhis entry into the elite group.
this came days after jaishankar made a two-day trip to china on june 16 and 17 to discuss the matter with his chinese counterpart wang yi.
china, till now, has been playing the role of a dampener on the issue of clearing the way for indias admission to the nsg by repeatedly stating that it is not on the agenda of the grouping, which began its plenary session in seoul on monday.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had earlier insisted that china is not blocking indias entry to the nsg, but is talking about the criteria and procedures.
however, beijing said that its stance does not target any particular country, but applies to all non-npt countries.
b'christian priest father tom uzhunnalil christian priest father tom uzhunnalilchristian priest father tom uzhunnalil abducted by gunmen in yemen last month is safe and could be released soon, a catholic group said on sunday, quoting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
father tom was captured from the southern yemeni city of aden by gunmen who killed at least 15 people at an old peoples home in an attack that was condemned by pope francis.
the catholic bishops conference of india (cbci) said a delegation met swaraj who said the government was working to secure the priests safe return.
she has assured us father tom is safe and negotiations are on for his release which could happen very soon, said father joseph chinnaiyan, deputy secretary of the cbci.
media reports last week said the priest was killed by islamic state militants on good friday, although no one has claimed responsibility for last months attack in which gunmen killed four indian nuns, two yemeni female staff members, eight elderly residents and a guard.
father chinnaiyan said the reports were inaccurate.
aden has been racked by lawlessness since hadi supporters, backed by gulf arab military forces, drove fighters of the iran-allied houthi group from the city in july last year.
international aid groups have pulled most of their foreign staff from yemen due to security concerns.
b'senior bjp leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitely were today brought to madhopur in punjab from jammu,where they were stopped from leaving the airport in the run-up to the partys plan to hoist the tricolour in srinagar on republic day.
the leaders were transported in separate vehicles by officials of the jammu and kashmir government.
a large number of bjp workers and leaders,including punjab industry minister manoranjan kalia,transport minister mohan lal,lok sabha mp navjot singh sidhu and punjab bjp president ashwani sharma,welcomed the leaders at the ravi bridge at madhopur.
the bjp leaders will address a party rally at pathankot before the ekta yatra of the party led by youth wing president anurag thakur proceed to lakanpur in jammu and kashmir.
interacting with media persons,swaraj and jaitely said that they have been wrongly detained at jammu airport on the pretext of section 144 crpc (prohibitory orders).
we did not come for a satyagraha.
we have come for tiranga yatra.
wont give up.
come what maywe will enter j&kagain, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
just dumped on j&k-punjab border.
this place is called madhopur, she said.
the home minister has now admitted that i had raised the palmolein case in the meeting and recorded my disagreement precisely for this reason, swaraj,the leader of opposition in lok sabha,who was on the selection panel,said on twitter.
attorney general g e vahanavati had stated in the supreme court last week that the panel for cvc,comprising the prime minister,home minister and leader of opposition,had not been apprised of the case against thomas.
this has prompted swaraj to say that she will file an affidavit in the matter as the government was misleading the apex court.
swaraj today maintained that after the home ministers statement,there was no need to file an affidavit.
now there is no dispute on facts.
therefore,there is no need for my affidavit, she said.
external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo) external affairs minster sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took to twitter on friday to assert that all indians were her people.
the reaction came after a twitter user alleged she was biased towards issuing muslim visa.
the allegations levied against her were directed towards pm modi asking him to look into the matter.
modi ji @narendramodi your sushmaswaraj @sushmaswaraj, only take care of muslim visa.
but hindus are getting harrased to get india visa.
very upset, the tweet from @hindujagoran read.
far from ignoring the tweet, the foreign minister countered the allegation.
india is my country.
indians are my people.
the caste, state, language or religion is not relevant for me, she tweeted.
india is my country.
indians are my people.
the caste, state, language or religion is not relevant for me.
http://t.
co/z59339vjgt  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 20, 2017swaraj has often been in the news for her remarks on twitter.
earlier this month, she had pulled up amazon officials for featuring doormats with indian flags on it, threatening to cancel their visas if they didnt apologise.
the e-commerce giant consequently took down the doormats from their website and apologised for hurting indian sentiments.
b'this weekend, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj finalises her speech to the united nations general assembly, she will have the unhappy task of choosing the words with which to address one of the ugliest times in the india-pakistan engagement.
pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifs speech on kashmir, delivered this week, was arguably the most inflammatory ever delivered by a pakistani leader.
it hailed slain terrorist burhan wani, who, assault rifle in hand, called for a global caliphate.
he made no reference to indias concerns on terrorism, nor his own promise, publicly made in january, to act against the perpetrators of the pathankot air force base attack.
instead, the speech argued india-pakistan normalisation was impossible without agreement on kashmir, and went on to call for united nations intervention.
he even suggested pakistan would continue to expand its nuclear arsenal in response to indias conventional superiority, a programme that defies rational explanation and is causing concern across the world.
for many, it will be hard to reconcile this nawaz sharif with the one prime minister narendra modi staked so much political capital on, flying to visit him in december to the dismay of his own hawkish constituency.
swaraj herself was greeted with affection when she visited the sharif country home.
the sad truth, however, is that pakistans external policy is shaped by its generals.
army chief general raheel sharif, who is reported to have helped draft his prime ministers speech, believes hostility with india is a strategic imperative.
in the armys view, it unites the country around the army, and cements the reconciliation between the state and its estranged jihadist proxies.
though short-sighted, this thinking is entrenched; indian policy will have to contend with the fact that it will not change.
how, then, must india proceed?
for one, it is important not to get embroiled in the kind of verbal brawling recent days have seen.
this rewards pakistans hawks, allowing them to proclaim to their followers that they have taken on indias hindu nationalists.
dignified silence will serve indias ends better, signalling to the world that it is an emerging power with a true global agenda that can deal with its neighbourhood unaided.
new delhi should also make clear it is open for dialogue, laying out what it seeks on security issues, from terrorism to nuclear risk reduction; the blame for intransigence should not lie at indias door.
finally, india must push forward the investments in intelligence, domestic counter-terrorism capacity and military capability that were brought on the agenda after 26/11, only to be then neglected by successive governments.
living with a neighbour like pakistan is not easy  but shouting insults and threats across the garden fence will not bring peace.
b'prime minister narendra modi with veteran leader l k advani and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the bjp parliamentary meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(photo: anil sharma) prime minister narendra modi with veteran leader l k advani and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the bjp parliamentary meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(photo: anil sharma)calling it an ideological victory for the bjp in tripura, and terming the wins in nagaland and meghalaya as big wins, prime minister narendra modi on tuesday asked party mps at a parliamentary party meeting to not belittle the significance of the victory in tripura.
tripura was considered a bastion of marxism for the last 25 years.
this is an ideological victory, a bjp mp who was part of the meeting quoted modi as saying.
the prime minister also remembered rss workers who have been killed in political violence in kerala, the mp said.
speaking to the media after the meeting, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar quoted modi as saying that the lefts politics was underpinned by violence and hate, and that people have rejected it across the world.
communism is finished across the world and is on the verge of oblivion in india, the cpi(m)-led left front is now in power only in kerala, kumar said, quoting modi.
modi was greeted at the meeting with slogans of jeet hamari jaari hein, ab karnataka ki baari hain (our winning streak is on, a victory in karnataka will come next).
modi, sources said, spoke for nearly 15 minutes.
referring to some comments that played down tripura as a small state that sends only two mps to the lok sabha, he is said to have advised party mps against ignoring the significance of the victory.
the pm said every win is important  every state is important  for the party.
no win can belittled as a small achievement, an mp present at the meeting said.
in tripuras case, he said that the people have been yearning for change and was keen to see that the left front government of 25 years was replaced.
the bjp mp said that modi mentioned bjp winning one seat in the last kerala assembly election, which is seen as a message for the partys leaders to take the state seriously and sincerely.
saturdays results are significant for the party after having lost the by-elections in rajasthan and madhya pradesh, which go to the polls later this year.
bjp president amit shah did not take part in the meeting since he was in shillong to attend the swearing-in ceremony of the new government.
a coalition of regional parties and the bjp have come together to form a government in the state after the congress, which was in power, could not muster support despite being the single-largest party.
modi urged party mps to live up to peoples expectations, and to take details of the union budget, which he said is aimed at building a new india, to the masses.
union minister mansukh l mandaviya gave a presentation on the main points that mps will have to highlight about the budget.
the mps were also given a 28-page small booklet on the budgets key points.
ananth kumar told the mps that the opposition cannot digest bjps spectacular victories and is thus disrupting proceedings in parliament.
sources said senior party leader prabhat jha explained at the meeting that the party lost the by-elections in kolaras and mungaoli in madhya pradeh, but with a reduced margin.
the wins in the three northeast states, where the bjp did not traditionally enjoy a support base, will keep the morale up for party workers in karnataka, he is said to have told the party mps.
a victory in karnataka, bjp leaders said, will keep the momentum up for elections in mp, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
swaraj addresses the press in new delhi.
(photo: anil sharma) swaraj addresses the press in new delhi.
(photo: anil sharma)union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj monday ruled out dialogue with pakistan saying terror and talks can never go together.
seema par jab janaze uth rahe hon toh baatcheet ki awaaz achhi nahi lagti.
(when there are people dying on the border, then the idea of talks does not sound good), she said at a press conference on her ministrys achievements over the last four years.
she also said there has been no inconsistency in indias stand on its relations with the countrys western neighbour.
india had stated that any action to alter the status of the region, which is under its forcible and illegal occupation has no legal basis.
pakistan tries to teach us history and geography.
it is one country which does not believe in rule of law and i would just say one thing to their answer look whos talking, she said.
read | iran nuclear deal: us pullout wont affect india-iran ties, says sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks during the ministrys annual press conference.
(pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks during the ministrys annual press conference.
no indian minister had ever been to many of these nations before, she said and added that india has also become a member of three of the four global export control regimes.
according to swaraj, the mea has increased the number of passport seva kendras from 77 to 227 across the nation and more than 90,000 indians have been brought back safely by the indian government, including hundreds in jails, and some facing the death penalty.
modi, she said, has had informal summit meetings with leaders of china, russia and germany, which is a new and unique dialogue mechanism.
she clarified that status quo at the face-off site at doklam is continuing and there hasnt been any change in the situation since august when both china and india agreed to withdraw their troops after months of a stand-off.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with minister of state v k singh, during the ministrys annual press conference on completion of 4 years of the nda government.
(pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with minister of state v k singh, during the ministrys annual press conference on completion of 4 years of the nda government.
she said india does not formulate its foreign policy influenced by, under pressure or in reaction to any other nation.
she denied that india was looking for the role of an intermediary between the united states and north korea, as it enjoys good ties with both.
she also said that she was in regular touch with the foreign minister of afghanistan, who has assured her of all help on the six indians abducted there in may.
she said that she was yet to speak to the families of the six indians, but, maintained that she spoke regularly to harsh goenka, the employer of the indians kidnapped.
swaraj also hit out against the congress party, which had claimed that she is only active on twitter, while the ministry was being run from the prime ministers office.
she said that she has tried bridge foreign policy with public policy, and that the opposition would realise the advantage of her use of twitter jis din koi inke ghar ka phasega (the day one of their own gets stuck).
while india and china have competed for influence over nepal for decades, the earthquake (in 2015) should be seen as a significant moment in the relations between the three countries.
while india and china have competed for influence over nepal for decades, the earthquake (in 2015) should be seen as a significant moment in the relations between the three countries.
chinese vice-premier wang yang began his three-day visit to nepal on tuesday by announcing a $ 1 million package to help the flood-hit country.
a few days earlier, indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured all help to nepal to deal with the natural calamity that has claimed more than 100 lives.
but with its chequebook diplomacy in nepal, china has scored over india once again.
china has also used wangs visit to stamp its soft diplomacy.
on tuesday, the chinese vice-premier inaugurated the reconstruction of the historic nine-storey palace at kathmandus hanuman dhoka durbar square, that was damaged two years ago in a devastating earthquake  china will fund the reconstruction of this world heritage site.
india, in contrast, has been conspicuous by its minimal presence in the efforts to reconstruct the historical sites destroyed in the 2015 earthquake.
while india and china have competed for influence over nepal for decades, the earthquake should be seen as a significant moment in the relations between the three countries.
after the calamity, nepal courted its two big neighbours to rebuild its economy.
but indias $ 340 million commitment towards infrastructure projects in nepal is dwarfed by the $ 8.
3 billion china has pledged to nepals road and hydropower projects.
while india cannot match chinas economic clout, new delhi should be concerned by kathmandu seeking beijings technical expertise in areas as diverse as building energy utilities and restoration of heritage buildings.
during wangs visit, the two countries also signed an agreement to undertake a feasibility study to explore natural gas and petroleum in the himalayan country.
china has also responded positively to nepal governments appeal to help it reopen the 114-kilometre araniko highway  an old route connecting the two countries  that was damaged and closed after the 2015 earthquake.
this gesture is sure to be compared in kathmandu with what nepal perceives as indias domineering attitude during the madhesi agitation, a few months after the earthquake.
though new delhi has refuted nepals allegations that it had a hand in the highway blockade by the madhesis, it has not been successful in changing the popular perception that holds it responsible for the crippling shortage of essential commodities after the blockade.
wangs visit will consolidate the perception of china being nepals friend in need.
this failure in soft diplomacy should worry policymakers in new delhi, much more than chinas increasing economic footprint in nepal.
representational image representational imagein a press conference on monday, chinese defence ministry spokesperson wu qian said india should not harbour any realistic illusions about chinas ability to defend its territory, reported news agency reuters.
he urged india to take practical steps and meet china halfway in safeguarding the border.
qians comments come amid a standoff between indian and chinese armies in the doklam area of sikkim.
india should not leave things to luck and not harbour any unrealistic illusions, qian was quoted as saying by reuters.
we strongly urge india to take practical steps to correct its mistake, cease provocations, and meet china halfway in jointly safeguarding the border regions peace and tranquillity, he added.
the impasse began after indian troops stopped china from building a road in a disputed region along the 3,500 kilometre-long border.
read: simply put: where things stand on the dolam plateau.
click here.
qian reiterated that withdrawal of indian troops from the region was a precondition to hold talks between the neighbouring countries.
around 300 soldiers from either side are facing each other about 150 metres apart on the plateau, according to indian officials.
shaking a mountain is easy but shaking the peoples liberation army is hard, qian said during the press briefing.
he added that chinas ability to defend its territory and sovereignty has constantly strengthened.
also read: defuse border tensions through direct dialogue: pentagon tells india, china.
click here.
saare desh humare saath hain aur sabhi desh samjh rahe hain ki bharat ne jo apna mat rakha hai woh galat nahi hai (all countries are supporting us and they understand that indias viewpoint on the issue is not incorrect), she said, while speaking in the rajya sabha.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday urged members of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) to support efforts for the comprehensive reforms of the un security council to make it more representative and effective.
advertisingindia has been calling for the reform of the un security council (unsc) along with brazil, germany and japan for long, emphasising that it rightly deserves a place at the un high table as a permanent member.
the g4 nations support each others bids for permanent seats on the unsc.
advertisingindia firmly believes in the efficacy of multilateralism and adherence to the principles of the united nations charter.
the sco must support the member countries candidatures for the non-permanent membership of the unsc for the years 2021-2022 and 2027-2028, she said.
we welcome the agreement reached at cop 24 of the unfccc.
i am pleased that an sco action plan for environment protection for 2019-2021 has been finalised.
we look forward to continue our participation with keen interest in this area, she said.
the 2018 united nations climate change conference was the 24th conference of the parties (cop) to the unfccc, also known as the katowice climate change conference.
it was held between 2 and 15 december 2018 in katowice, poland.
france, which assumed the rotating presidency of the council in march, has reiterated its support for india, germany and japan as permanent members of an expanded council, saying enlargement of the powerful un organ in both permanent and non-permanent categories is the first crucial part towards the unsc reform.
india was an observer at the sco till 2005 and was granted the membership along with pakistan in 2017.
the sco was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
b'congress leader ghulam nabi azad with opposition leaders in new delhi on tuesday.
(express photo: anil sharma) congress leader ghulam nabi azad with opposition leaders in new delhi on tuesday.
(express photo: anil sharma)as ruckus created by members of tamil nadu and andhra pradesh parties on tuesday disrupted proceedings in parliament for the 12th straight day, opposition parties blamed the government for the impasse.
in lok sabha, speaker sumitra mahajan said she cannot take up the no-confidence motion against the government since the house was not in order.
rajya sabha also witnessed disruptions, with congress blaming the government for not trying to break the deadlock and the latter responding it was ready for a discussion on any issue.
minutes before rajya sabha was adjourned for the day amid ruckus, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said they want the house to function and debate on three pressing issues as well as the budget and other legislative business.
he made the comments soon after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed the house of the death of 39 missing indians in iraq.
while most opposition parties wanted azad to make the statement, members of dmk, aiadmk and tdp trooped into the well, raising slogans for constitution of cauvery water management board and special status for andhra pradesh.
azad said 10 opposition parties, including congress, tmc, sp, bsp, dmk, ncp, cpi and cpm met tuesday and agreed that the house should function.
three major issues are irregularities in banks where billions of rupees have been looted, special category status for andhra pradesh and cauvery water management, he said.
no effort has been made by the government so far to talk to these political leaders to sort out the issue.
so, the government is responsible for the impasse, azad said.
while law minister ravi shankar prasad countered azad, saying the government is ready for a debate on all issues, minister of state for parliamentary affairs vijay goel said the government has since day one stated that it is prepared for any discussion.
chairman m venkaiah naidu said he had on the very first day said banking issue needs to be discussed and the government agreed.
i dont find any reason for disruption, he said.
he later adjourned proceedings.
parliament is undermined.
the government wants to function after bypassing parliament, cpi leader d raja said.
india captain virat kohli stretches during a practice session in hyderabad on monday.
(source: pti) india captain virat kohli stretches during a practice session in hyderabad on monday.
(source: pti)sometime in may 2015, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj saw the parliament unanimously pass the bill for operationalising the land boundary agreement with bangladesh, 41 years after the accord to ensure proper demarcation of the border was signed.
during the debate, swaraj had spoken about the changing dynamics between the two countries, especially how india was looking at its neighbour now: the big brother is arrogant while elder brother is caring.
its a sentiment that is yet to translate to sporting frontiers, though.
especially in cricket.
for a long while now, india (read fans, media, tv, broadcasters, and cricketers to an extent) have treated bangladesh as its little brother.
it was understandable in many ways.
the political history between the two countries, the sense of privilege that comes in when you think of yourself as the liberator of the other country, the difference in size, and in cricket terms, the headstart india had that spanned decades  all led to the arrogance.
its so entrenched in the psyche of bangladesh cricketers that the feeling of slight comes out very often.
many trolled mushfiqur rahim, the current test captain, for tweeting like suresh rainas nephew after indias exit in the t20 world cup.
a neutral would probably say that bangladesh cant even be blamed for some of the reaction.
its not even the overt arrogance but how its embedded in niceties and assumptions that has got their goat.
sample this.
sometime in 2001, an18-year old mashrafe mortaza was at the cricket club of india by the famous marine drive.
sea, sun, and downtown mumbai  it should have made the teenaged tourist feel good, but mortaza experienced one of his early slights from india.
raj singh dungarpur, the flamboyant cci president, gave a short speech to the players.
lose, no problem, but play well and lose well.
years later, mortaza would remember the casual way his team was dismissed  at the 2007 world cup, after bangladesh had sent india out of the competition.
next day, cci 120 all out.
next match  cci 160 all out.
it wasnt just the administrators, but also the indian players.
one of them is the current india coach.
the story goes something like this: anil kumble bumps into mortaza and has a friendly gripe about how india dont have enough time between the 2007 world cup and the tour to bangladesh (which was to follow immediately).
mortaza saw it as embedded arrogance.
kumbles statement almost implied that they expected india to reach the final.
he didnt say it to spite us but i was struck by the arrogance embedded in the statement.
here the tournament was still to begin and indians were already expecting a berth in the final.
it certainly fired us, mortaza would say later.
ordinary sidewho can forget virender sehwags famous statement in 2010, three years after the world cup debacle!
bangladesh are an ordinary side.
they cant beat india because they cant take 20 wickets.
it obviously didnt go down well in bangladesh.
jamie siddons, bangladeshs coach, didnt hold himself back.
his comments might bite him on his bum in a few years time.
it might even hit him in the bum in a weeks time.
we are definitely not an ordinary side.
in the same series, it was an indian batsman who was put in hospital by a bangladeshi  rahul dravid went down to a shahadat hossain bouncer only to cop a blow on the helmet.
more drama came during the last world cup.
a promotional advert aired by the official broadcaster showed a pakistani fans endless wait to beat india at the tournament.
india defeated pakistan and bangladesh, before they lost in the semi-final and more than pakistan, it was bangladeshi fans who showed more glee at indias exit.
nearly 200 fans, most of them from bangladesh, called up the bcci headquarters in mumbai, and as soon as the staff would pick up, the callers would sing: mauka mauka!
kya hua mauke ka?
(what happened to the opportunity)?
.
then of course, came mushfiqur rahims maniacal laughter in text at indias defeat in the icc world t20 semi-final last year.
it can be safely said that bangladeshi fans are probably the most emotional lot in the subcontinent.
tears and joy erupt easily in the stands, and sometimes even in the press box, when their country wins or loses.
its a passionately parochial sentiment  something that sport often makes fans invest in so emotionally that it defeats reason.
in a couple of days, rahim would lead a bangladesh team in a test in india.
for long now, indias refusal  for thats what it is  to host bangladesh in a test series has only added to this emotional cocktail.
even now, they have been just squeezed in for one test match.
its this context that makes this one-off test a more emotional spectacle for at least one team and its fans.
if dungarpur were alive today, he wouldnt say what he said all those years ago.
b'with an eye on the forthcoming delhi assembly elections,the bjp today said if voted to power,they would set land acquisition rates in the national capital at four times the market value.
she accused the delhi government of becoming a profiteering government rather than working for welfare.
while reiterating that the land acquisition rates will be quadrupled if his party won,state bjp chief vijay goel alleged that the present government had ignored rural delhi during its years of rule.
even after 14 years of ruling delhi,sheila dikshit does not know the location of narela,kanjhawla and najafgarh and has ignored rural delhi completely, goel accused.
he claimed that with elections approaching,the delhi government was building roads that will last only two months.
among other poll promises,he also said the bjp will regularise illegal colonies and make sure that land registration and loan facilities are provided in these areas.
electricity will be 30 per cent cheaper as soon as bjp comes into power.
loot by power companies will be stopped.
water problems will be eradicated, he said.
while swaraj promised to bring the metro to narela,goel said the party would work towards extension of lal dora,better drinking water,road and sewage networks.
b'prime minister narendra modi.
prime minister narendra modi.
shortly after the press briefing by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj giving out details on the death of 39 indians in iraq, prime minister narendra modi on tuesday rallied behind her and said the ministry of external affairs and colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and v k singh left no stone unturned in trying to trace and safely bring back those we lost in mosul.
he also said, indians stand in solidarity with the families of the 39 indians killed in mosul in iraq and the government is fully committed to ensure the safety of indians abroad.
every indian grieves with those who lost their loved ones in mosul.
we stand in solidarity with the bereaved families and pay our respects to the indians killed in mosul, added pm modi.
in a statement in the rajya sabha earlier on tuesday, swaraj confirmed the deaths of the 39 missing indians and said the dna samples of 38 people had been matched by the iraqi authorities.
in the case of the 39th person, the matching was 70 per cent.
in a press briefing later, she did not give a direct reply to a volley of questions on when the indians were killed, saying it was irrelevant as the bodies could have been recovered only after mosul was liberated from the isis.
mosul city was liberated from isis in june last year.
read: no govt can declare anyone dead without proof, says sushmaswaraj swarajmea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed a press conference over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) mea sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed a press conference over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)during the press conference, swaraj slammed the congress for disrupting her speech in the lok sabha and termed it as cheap politics.
today congress indulged in very low level of politics, probably congress president thought how did no uproar happened in rajya sabha and decided to ask scindia ji to lead protests in lok sabha.
playing politics on deaths, said swaraj.
pakistan said it has no clue where the two missing indian clerics are.
(file photo) pakistan said it has no clue where the two missing indian clerics are.
(file photo)pakistan friday said it has no clue so far about the two indian clerics, including the 80-year-old head priest of new delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who went missing in the country.
no clue to the missing indian priests has been found so far.
however, we are pro-actively pursuing this case, foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria told pti.
we have asked all departments concerned to look into the matter, he said, adding the foreign office yesterday received the request of the indian government to trace the two missing clerics.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan.
both are missing after they landed in karachi airport, swaraj tweeted.
syed asif nizami and his nephew nazim nizami went missing after they landed at karachi airport.
syed asif nizami is the head priest of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah.
the two had gone to visit the famous daata darbar shrine in lahore and were to catch a flight to karachi on wednesday.
the clerics had gone to karachi to meet their relatives on march 8 before travelling to lahore to visit the shrine.
a federal investigation agency official at the lahore airport told pti that they have no idea about the missing of the two clerics from the airport premises.
it is not clear whether they have gone with someone on their own or there is some other matter, he said.
a senior punjab police officer also expressed his departments ignorance about this matter saying: neither we have received any application about the missing indian priests nor the federal government has asked us to look into this matter.
exchanges between clerics of the nizamuddin dargah and the daata darbar are part of a regular tradition.
b'indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo) indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (ap photo)india has for the first time named china as the country blocking its entry into the nuclear suppliers group (nsg), with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday stating that china had created procedural hurdles by particularly questioning how a non-npt signatory could become a member.
she was replying to a question raised by sugata bose of the tmc.
new delhi had till now not named china and had maintained that a single country had blocked its bid to become a member of the nsg at its seoul meeting.
the minister, however, said that it did not mean that the nsg doors were closed to india forever and added that the government is engaging with china to iron out differences.
if someone says no once, it does not mean he wont agree at all  like gst almost all parties have agreed to it but the congress.
the minister also denied suggestions that the failure to enter the elite nuclear club was a huge diplomatic snub.
she argued that indian diplomacy has made its mark, as, she added, people earlier would ask if india could make it to the nsg.
now the question has changed to when will india become a member?
, she said in the presence of the prime minister.
waiver is like being allowed in the verandah; membership is like being in the room, she said.
she added that though india has not signed the npt, it has been following the commitments it made when it was granted a waiver in 2008.
swaraj also credited the previous upa government for getting the waiver and following the commitments.
the minister said nsg membership would enable india to have enhanced and uninterrupted access to nuclear technology, fuel and material required for expanding its civil nuclear programme.
it would create a predictable environment for large investments required for setting up nuclear power plants in india.
it would also allow the country to meet its intended nationally determined contribution (indc) pledge of 40 per cent of its power capacity coming from non-fossil sources by 2030, she said.
b'chinese president xi jinping (ap photo/ted s. warren) chinese president xi jinping (ap photo/ted s. warren)china is unlikely to give up on the usd 46 billion china-pakistan economic corridor being built through pok despite indias protests but it may not be interested in taking sides in the kashmir dispute due to close economic ties with both nations, state-run media said on monday.
it is regrettable to see cpec become another unharmonious factor in sino-india ties, but china is unlikely to give up on the idea of cpec because of indias protest, an article in global times said.
in fact, the economic corridor, linking northwest chinas xinjiang uyghur autonomous region to gwadar port in southwestern pakistan, does not target any third party, india included.
given that china has developed close economic ties with both india and pakistan in recent years, beijing is unlikely to be interested in taking a side between the two countries, it said.
significantly, the article uses the term pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok) twice even though at one place it makes the mention attributing it to indian media reports.
indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj voiced indias concerns over the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec), which passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok), during chinese foreign minister wang yis india trip, indian media reported, the article said.
it is precisely because of the regions worsening investment environment that poks economy is still heavily reliant on agriculture.
also, the northern part of india bordering pakistan and kashmir both lack basic infrastructure, the article said.
chinese media usually refers to pok as pakistan-administered kashmir.
another state-run news outlet, the peoples daily which which published photos of chinese and pakistani troops patrolling for the first time xinjiang and pok border last month referred to the area as china-pakistan border.
global times is part of peoples daily publishing group controlled by the ruling communist party of china (cpc).
in its article, the global times said, the dispute over kashmir between india and pakistan makes the two countries habitually vigilant against any possibility of large-scale foreign investment flowing into the region, but it is the kashmir conflict itself, rather than any alleged political intent behind the foreign investment, that creates tension in the region.
rather than prevent foreign investors from entering the region as a solution to concerns over cpec, india should focus on its negations with pakistan to settle the kashmir dispute, it said.
the cpec is not a zero-sum game where pakistan gains and india loses.
if economic cooperation between china and pakistan can improve infrastructure in the region, including in the kashmir area, india will have an opportunity to expand trade routes to central asia, the article said.
new delhi may need to adopt an open attitude toward cpec so the project can speed up development in the region and benefit the local population.
hopefully india can also improve infrastructure in the regions bordering pakistan to promote regional economic integration, the article said.
any way in which india can put aside politics and join in the task of economic development would be welcome, the article said.
economic cooperation between india, pakistan and china would create an open atmosphere for launching talks to solve the kashmir dispute.
in this regard, new delhi may need to take the long view for its national interests, it said.
shaktikanta das, economic affairs secretary.
shaktikanta das, economic affairs secretary.
days after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs objection to doormats depicting the indian flag being sold on amazons canada portal elicited regret from the company, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das on sunday asked the e-commerce firm to behave and desist from being flippant about indian symbols & icons.
in the first of three tweets put out on sunday evening, das said, amazon, better behave.
desist from being flippant about indian symbols & icons.
indifference will be at your own peril.
this was followed by: comment on amazon was as a citizen of india as i felt strongly about it.
nothing more should be read into it.
remain committed to economic reforms, ease of doing business & open trade.
sometimes get touchy when our icons are involved, he said in his third tweet.
a 1980-batch ias officer of the tamil nadu cadre, das is scheduled to retire on february 28.
reports suggest his name is under consideration for sebi chairman.
last year, his name had also done the rounds during the selection process for the reserve bank of india governor.
watch video | after sushmaswaraj swaraj, economic affairs secretary slams amazon for selling indian flag doormatsnasscom president r chandrashekhar told the indian express that he didnt see swarajs and dass comments as targeting a company.
to me it does not appear to be a case of targeting a particular company.
one may have an opinion on the issue itself, and many people will have different opinions.
but i dont think that its a case of either targeting a particular company, or something like this would impact investment as such.
at the same time, chandrashekhar added, its a view that has been conveyed, its not a binding order in a legal sense.
and im sure that view would be taken cognisance of actions of the government will always have to be taken under the existing laws.
i think we shouldnt anticipate too much but i think when a sentiment is conveyed by a government, then it has a very different connotation.
then it is not just an opinion expressed by any individual.
it is conveying at a very serious level, a national view of things.
e-mails sent to amazon.com and amazon india seeking comments on the issue did not elicit any response till the time of publication.
last week, after swaraj received complaints from a twitter user about doormats with the indian flag on amazons canada portal, she had asked the online retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology.
she had warned that if amazon did not apologise, none of its officials would be granted indian visas, and the visas issued earlier would also be rescinded.
watch video | tricolour doormat: mea appreciates amazons prompt apologyfollowing this, amazon had pulled down the products under question from its canada portal, with amazon indias vice-president and country manager amit agarwal writing to swaraj expressing regret at hurting indian sensibilities.
agarwal had also written that after learning of the products listing, amazon immediately removed them from the canadian website and implemented measures to ensure that these products could not be sold on any of our other marketplaces or websites.
agarwal had also invoked the investment commitment made by its ceo jeff bezos on his visits to india.
amazon remains steadfastly committed to india, as evidenced by ceo jeff bezos announcement last year of our plans to invest $5 billion in india, agarwal had written in the letter.
later though, swaraj had received complaints from some twitter users that beach sandals with mahatma gandhis image were being sold on the amazon us site.
b'nepal prime minister kp sharma oli.
(photo: reuters) nepal prime minister kp sharma oli.
(photo: reuters)nepal prime minister kp sharma oli, along with his spouse radhika shakya, will pay a three-day state visit to india from april 6-8 upon invitation from indian counterpart narendra modi.
during his visit, oli, along with a high-level delegation, will hold talks with his indian counterpart, besides meeting president ram nath kovind and vice-president m. venkaiah naidu.
officials from the ministry of external affairs and other ministers are also expected to meet the nepal pm.
besides official engagements in new delhi, oli is also scheduled to visit gb pant university of agriculture in pantnagar, uttarakhand.
india and nepal enjoy age-old, special ties of friendship and co-operation.
the upcoming visit will provide an opportunity to the two sides to review wide-ranging cooperative partnership, and to progress it further for the benefit of the two peoples.
mea chief sushmaswaraj swaraj had held a one-on-one meeting with oli during her visit to nepal earlier in the month.
oli hosted dinner for swaraj, which was followed by a meeting with madhes-based leaders.
b'according to sources, the whip was issued thursday night as the opposition party seeks to corner the government on some burning issues.
(express photo) according to sources, the whip was issued thursday night as the opposition party seeks to corner the government on some burning issues.
(express photo)the congress has issued a three-line whip to all its mps in the rajya sabha asking them to be present in the house at 11 a.
m.
friday in full strength and support the partys stand.
according to sources, the whip was issued thursday night as the opposition party seeks to corner the government on some burning issues.
the congress has been raising the issues of pnb scam, the supreme courts order on sc/st act and the death of 39 indians who were abducted by isis in iraq.
some party mps have also given a notice for moving a privilege motion against external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for allegedly misleading the house on the death of the indians.
sources said the party mps in rajya sabha are also likely to meet friday morning.
us special representative for afghanistan zalmay khalilzad on monday met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her on the afghan peace process.
advertisingministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said both sides discussed the role of all regional stakeholders in bringing peace and development to afghanistan, adding india will work with key partners in the coming days.
khalilzad has been holding talks with the taliban in qatars capital doha to hammer out a deal to bring lasting peace and stability to war-ravaged afghanistan.
appreciate amb @us4afghanpeace khalilzad briefing eam @sushmaswaraj on peace efforts in afghanistan in midst of ongoing doha meetings.
both discussed role of all regional stakeholders in bringing peace & development in afghanistan.
india will work with key partners in days ahead, kumar tweeted.
advertisinglast week, the us officials held their sixth round of talks with the taliban to end the over 17-year-old conflict in afghanistan.
in march, india had conveyed to the us that it should not withdraw its troops from afghanistan without putting in place an elected a political structure to govern the country.
major powers such as the us, russia and iran have been reaching out to the taliban as part of efforts to push the stalled afghan peace process.
india has been a key stakeholder in the peace and reconciliation process in afghanistan.
b'minister of state for external affairs vk singh (express photo by praveen jain/file) minister of state for external affairs vk singh (express photo by praveen jain/file)minister of state for external affairs v k singh sunday left for iraq to bring back the mortal remains of the 39 indians, killed in the war-torn country, officials said.
the minister is expected to bring back the bodies by tomorrow.
the minister left around 1 pm from the hindon airbase and is expected to return with the bodies tomorrow, an official said.
after coming back, he will first go to amritsar followed by patna and kolkata to hand over bodies to their relatives, official sources said.
families of some of these victims had met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here on march 26.
the remaining 39 indians were taken to badoosh and killed, she had said.
no date has been fixed yet for shifting egyptian national eman ahmed to abu dhabis burjeel hospital, with a team of doctors yet to complete its report.
a team from abu dhabi has not finished its report, said bariatric surgeon, saifee hospital, dr mufazzal lakdawala.
he added that eman would not be discharged from saifee hospital, but would be transferred.
we are not discharging her.
the sister wants a transfer because she wants eman to walk, he added.
after a breakdown of communication between emans sister shaimaa selim and the hospital administration last week, each party has traded allegations, culminating in emans impending transfer to the abu dhabi hospital after dropping from 500 kilos to 176 kilos.
with selim accusing the hospital of not treating her sister properly and being unable to ensure that she walks again, bjp spokesperson shania nc stepped in on saturday to defend the hospital.
we are dismayed at the allegations that the family has made.
this successful operation will became a case study for hospitals across the world, she said.
dr lakdawala said he had never promised that eman would be able to walk after losing weight.
shaimaa repents and wishes that she had not made the allegations.
her anger is because of her expectations, not because of our deliverables, he said.
he added that the hospital would continue to take care of eman in spite of the accusations.
as indians and maharashtrians, we have fulfilled our responsibilities, he said.
the hospital on saturday also released a video showing eman speaking to dr samir alghamdi, an advanced laparoscopy specialist who has been working at saifee hospital for the past few months.
when i spoke to her, she nodded that she was okay.
she cries when anyone comes to speak to her.
but she laughs with her sister, he said.
shirley koshy, the nurse in charge for eman claimed that selim had been coaching eman.
earlier, our bond with selim and eman was very good.
we taught eman a few english numbers.
and we also learnt a few words of arabic to communicate better with her, but now, each time we ask eman how she is, she looks at shaimaa first, who tells her how to reply.
the behaviour has changed, she said.
the room in the hospitals annexe building, where eman was first housed, had a camera to monitor her at all times.
selim had also been given her own room.
post the bariatric surgery, eman was shifted to a seventh floor room, which also has a camera.
bjp spokesperson shaina nc said that she would take the doctors treating eman and the nursing staff to meet chief minister devendra fadnavis to lodge a complaint over what she termed were unsubstantiated claims.
we are grateful to the maharashtra government and external affairs ministry for their support, said dr lakdawala.
on thursday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had called the hospital to inquire about the dispute.
this week, state tourism minister jaykumar rawals office also called to ask the hospital administration whether the dispute could dent medical tourism in the city.
this case is global news.
but we have been getting a number of patients from middle east every day, said the hospitals chief operating officer, huzaifa shehabi.
on an average, the hospital admits eight to ten patients from uae.
on thursday, state health minister deepak sawant also visited eman to inspect her medical records personally.
i saw her progress and reports.
the purpose of weight reduction has been achieved by doctors.
they have done a good job, sawant said.
he also added that selim should not have blamed the indian medical fraternity.
new delhi: new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with nepal foreign affairs minister prakash sharan mahat at a meeting in new delhi on monday.
pti photo by subhav shukla(pti9_12_2016_000042a) new delhi: new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with nepal foreign affairs minister prakash sharan mahat at a meeting in new delhi on monday.
pti photo by subhav shukla(pti9_12_2016_000042a)nepals foreign minister prakash sharan mahat will pay a three-day visit to india to participate in indias flagship geo-political conference.
mahat will also hold talks with ministers and high-ranking indian officials, besides attending the 2nd edition of the raisina dialogue which begins tomorrow under the theme of navigating asias new normal: multilateralism with multipolarity, nepals foreign ministry said.
watch what else is making newsmahats visit starting today comes at the invitation of indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, it said.
following successful organisation of the first dialogue in march last year, the ministry of external affairs in partnership with observer research foundation is organising the 2nd edition of raisina dialogue which will deliberate on strategic issues including new challenges and cyber security.
prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate and address the opening session of the dialogue, which is indias flagship geo-political conference to be held annually and within a short span has emerged as a much-awaited global conference in the international calendar.
more than 250 delegates from 65 countries are expected to take in the conference.
the first edition was attended by about 40 countries with 120 foreign participants.
b'the stopping of bjps flag yatra in jammu and kashmir had its echo at a meeting of a key mcd panel today with the ruling bjp members creating a ruckus,raising slogans and passing a condemnation resolution.
as soon as the meeting of the mcd standing committee started,bjp members,carrying tricolour flags,raised slogans like bharat mata ki jai and kashmir hamara hai (kashmir is ours).
the sloganeering went on for nearly half-an-hour before the meeting was adjourned without taking up the agenda.
bjp councillors also came to the well and shouted slogans against congress,accusing it of supporting a government in jammu and kashmir which is resorting to undemocratic practices.
amid the din,a condemnation resolution was passed against the stopping of the bjp youth wing bjyms ekta yatra at lakhanpur border in jammu and kashmir and arrest of senior bjp leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
the bjym and bjp activists wanted to proceed to srinagar to hoist the tricolour at lal chowk in srinagar on the republic day but were stopped at the state border.
bjp councillors called it a shame on democracy and a move reminiscent of the days of emergency.
they accused the state government of strengthening the hands of separatists and said congress has no place to hide its face.
leader of opposition in mcd j k sharma later told reporters that the move of the ruling side in stalling the mcd meeting was illogical.
the ruling party has the responsibility of running the meeting.
if they love the flag so much they can hoist it at their homes,in their areasno,all they want is to vitiate the atmosphere and create division in society, he alleged.
deputy chairperson of standing committee sarita chaudhry,however,said,we wanted to send a message by stalling the meeting.
there was high emotion involved.
b'us preident do0nald trump and japan president shinzo abe us preident do0nald trump and japan president shinzo abenew delhi will host the strategically important trilateral dialogue between india, japan and the us this week ahead of the summit between us president donald trump and japanese prime minister shinzo abe at mar-a-lago later this month, the state department has said.
the trump administration has sent two of its senior diplomats from the state department  principal deputy assistant secretary of state for south and central asian affairs alice wells and acting assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs susan thornton - to co-lead the american delegation for the trilateral dialogue.
the crucial dialogue between the three leading democratic powers of the indo-pacific region on wednesday comes a fortnight ahead of the trump-abe summit at mar-a-lago, trumps florida resort.
during the two-day summit on april 17 and 18, the two leaders will reaffirm the us-japan alliance as a cornerstone of peace, stability, and prosperity in the indo-pacific region, the white house said today.
while wells has just returned from pakistan, thorton completed her trip to malaysia before heading to new delhi where she attended the us-asean dialogue to engage on regional security and economic issues.
on april 6, wells will participate in the india-us forum, hosted by the ananta centre and the ministry of external affairs.
during her visit, she will also meet with senior indian government officials to discuss regional and global issues and representatives from the private sector, the state department said.
the india-japan-us trilateral was launched in december 2011 when hillary clinton was the secretary of state.
for the first several rounds the trilateral was held at the director or assistant secretary level.
it was elevated to ministerial level in 2015.
the inaugural ministerial trilateral was held on september 29, 2015, in new york on the sidelines of the un general assembly session.
it was hosted by the then us secretary of state john kerry.
the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and japanese foreign minister fumio kishida represented their respective countries.
the last ministerial dialogue was also held in new york in september 2017.
b'sushma swaraj arrived here earlier alongwith 12 others that included two state-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee respectively.
(express file photo) sushmaswaraj swaraj arrived here earlier alongwith 12 others that included two state-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee respectively.
(express file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday represented india at the canonisation ceremony of mother teresa at a mass in st peters square here presided over by pope francis in the presence of over 100,000 pilgrims.
swaraj arrived here earlier along with 12 others that included two state-level delegations from delhi and west bengal led by chief ministers arvind kejriwal and mamata banerjee respectively.
food processing industries harsimrat kaur badal, lok sabha mps prof k v thomas, jose k mani, anto anthony and conrad k sangma and deputy chief minister of goa francis dsouza were also part of the delegation.
homage to a life spent in service of people.
external affairs minister @sushmaswaraj and indian delegation at canonisation of mother teresa, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
her canonisation ceremony, that comes a day ahead of her 19th death anniversary, was attended by thousands of pilgrims from all over the world including some 1,500 people looked after by the italian branches of teresas order, the missionaries of charity.
teresas canonisation was announced in march by pope francis after the church recognised two miracles attributed to her after her death in 1997.
revered for her work with the poor and destitute, teresa spent nearly four decades of her life in kolkata.
born in 1910 to kosovan albanian parents in skopje  then part of the ottoman empire, now the capital of macedonia -teresa had won the nobel peace prize in 1979.
on saturday, swaraj met the indian diaspora at a reception hosted by indias ambassador to italy anil wadhwa.
the external affairs minister mentioned welfare efforts for diaspora, assisting indians in distress and the evacuations the government has conducted, swarup tweeted.
the us is closely and carefully following the border standoff between india and china, the trump administration said today.
the us is closely and carefully following the border standoff between india and china, the trump administration said today.
the us is closely and carefully following the border standoff between india and china, the trump administration said today, urging the two countries to engage in direct dialogue to reduce the tension.
the remarks came a day after india and china appeared willing to resolve the military standoff through dialogue.
she said the boundaries between the countries are not yet finalised and it will be done bilaterally through discussions.
in beijing, chinas foreign ministry said that diplomatic channels with india remained unimpeded.
it, however, reiterated that the withdrawal of the indian troops from doklam area is a precondition for any meaningful dialogue.
this is a situation that we are following closely and carefully, state department spokeswoman heather nauert said.
id have to refer you to the governments of india and china for more information on that, she told reporters and added that indian and china were talking on the issue.
referring to the visit of indias national security adviser ajit k doval to beijing for a meeting of the nsas from brics countries on july 27-28, nauert said: theyre going to talk to one another.
we would encourage them to engage in direct dialogue aimed at reducing the tension, nauert added.
chinese and indian soldiers have been locked in a face-off in doklam area in the southernmost part of tibet for over a month after indian troops stopped the chinese army from building a road, fearing it may allow china to cut indias access to its northeastern states.
india has conveyed to china that the construction of the road would represent a significant change of status quo with serious security implications for new delhi.
india and china share a 220-km-long border in sikkim.
b'social justice empowerment minister thaawar chand gehlot social justice empowerment minister thaawar chand gehlotsocial justice empowerment minister thaawar chand gehlot on wednesday reiterated the governments stand that rohith vemula, who committed suicide at hyderabad university, was not a dalit and the parties should not politicise his death.
there is no question of this being a dalit versus non-dalit issue as rohith and his family are obc.
they belong to the vaddera caste.
now it is being said that his mother is a dalit which is correct, he said.
but rohith was born in 1990 and as per the facts that have emerged from the investigations, rohith got his certificate made in july 2014 which states that he is a dalit.
so, the certificate was made after almost 25 years and he was living with his father till then, he said.
so, the question here is why he didnt get a certificate made before that and why he got a certificate made now?
five people have been arrested in connection with attacks in greater noida, and prompted intervention by swaraj, who has promised immediate action.
(representational image) five people have been arrested in connection with attacks in greater noida, and prompted intervention by swaraj, who has promised immediate action.
(representational image)the assault on four nigerian students in greater noida follows a string of attacks on african nationals in the country in the last two years, despite the governments attempt to prevent such incidents.
india is home to many african nationals including from rwanda, uganda, nigeria and congo, and some of these attacks had taken place in delhi and bengaluru, sparking outrage among the african community in india.
on may 20 last, congolese national masunda kitada oliver was killed in a brutal attack in south delhis vasant kunj area, triggering outrage by envoys of african countries, even as india had assured them of safety of african nationals.
a few africans, comprising men from nigeria and cameroon and women from uganda, cameroon and south africa were allegedly attacked in may last year in what was dubbed as racial crime, in delhis mehraulis area, even though the city police had claimed the incidents were fallout of arguments over loud music and drinking in public.
four african nationals were allegedly attacked by a mob at byrathi in bengaluru in march 2015, after locals were reportedly annoyed with them for creating nuisance in the area.
delhi police had also appointed a joint commissioner-rank official as the nodal officer for attending to issues concerning people from african nations living in the city and launched an exclusive helpline for them.
vice president hamid ansari, en route to his two-nation african tour in february, had said these assaults on african nationals were sporadic in nature, while underlining that the issue was raised at diplomatic level by some of the countries but indias response was comprehensive.
the string of attacks in the national capital had prompted the delhi high court in june last year to observe: now delhi is becoming racist.
it had also expressed anguish over the attacks on them.
there were reports appearing regularly about alleged racist remarks and attacks on african nationals.
however, the government had maintained that all such incidents cannot be termed as racist.
five people have been arrested in connection with attacks in greater noida, and prompted intervention by swaraj, who has promised immediate action.
she spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after being approached by an african student who pleaded for action, describing the situation as life threatening, even as her ministry termed these attacks as deplorable.
mea spokesperson gopal baglay said the government is committed to ensuring safety and security of all foreigners in india and people from africa, including students.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(source: reuters photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
) vk singh to meet the heads of missions of african countries in the national capital and assure them of the governments commitment to safety and security of african nationals in india.
swarajs remark comes in wake of the brutal murder of a congolese youth in south delhis vasant kunj on may 20.
i have asked my colleague gen vk singh to meet the heads of missions of african countries in delhi and assure them of indian governments commitment to the safety and security of african nationals in india, she tweeted.
she further stated that the minister of state for external affairs would also hold meetings with the african students in metro cities and assure them of safety and security.
watch video | govt steps in as african envoys allege racismwe will request state governments to depute commissioners of police in all such meetings.
we will also launch a sensitisation program to reiterate that such incidents against foreign nationals embarrass the country, she added.
earlier, on may 21, the delhi police detained one person in connection with the murder case.
23-year-old oliva was on his was home when he got into an argument with three to four people.
the argument later led to a fight after which the african youth was chased and beaten with sticks and stones.
he was then rushed to a nearby private hospital, where he was declared brought dead.
the police have launched a probe into the matter and are trying to ascertain whether the attack was racially motivated, a fight turning ugly, a robbery attempt or a case of personal enmity.
the cops are also looking for any cctv footage that might have recorded this brutal act.
china on tuesday said it is in touch with russia over indias entry into the elite nuclear suppliers group (nsg), but made it clear that its position on the issue remains unchanged.
china and other member including russia maintained close communication and we also maintain that we should act in accordance with the principles of the nsg, hua told media.
the application for accession by non-npt countries is a multi-lateral question and should be addressed on the basis of consensus of the nsg members, hua said when asked for reaction to swarajs comments.
we have stressed our position many times on this issue.
our position remains unchanged, hua said, reiterating chinas two step approach  first to reach a non-discriminatory resolution that applies to all non-npt countries and then to discuss the application to non-npt countries.
she said that at the nsg plenary session this month in bern, china wishes to conduct constructive discussion.
and (it is being done) not only by us, but even nations friendly to us as well as enjoying good relations with china, who feel that india should get an nsg membership.
giving russias example, she said moscow feels that india should be a part of the nsg and un security council.
so we feel, since russia and china share good relations, it should talk to china.
we are not asking them to put pressure on china, but use its good offices.
our effort is to convince china on the issue and also involve nations friendly with both the countries, the minister added.
pakistan too has applied for the nsg membership after indias application following which china came up with the two step approach blocking indias entry.
on the concerns expressed by swaraj on chinas belt and road initiative (bri) in which usd 50 billion china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) is a part, hua said, we also stressed many times that the kashmir issue is one left behind by history between india and pakistan and should be addressed properly through negotiation.
the cpec is an economic corridor and not targeted at any third party and has nothing to do with any territorial dispute.
it will not affect chinas position on kashmir, she added.
kulbhushan jadhav kulbhushan jadhava united parliament stood in protest on tuesday against the death sentence to former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav in pakistan.
jadhav was sentenced on charges of espionage and destabilising peace in pakistan.
pakistans inter-services public relations office issued a statement confirming the news on monday.
here is how things unfolded since his sentencing:1.
kulbhushan jadhav was tried though field general court martial (fgcm) under section 59 of pakistan army act (paa) 1952 and section 3 of ofcial secret act of 1923 and awarded death sentence.
the charges levelled against him included destabilising peace in pakistans balochistan region and karachi in sindh.
he was also charged with waging war against pakistan.
the trial was conducted secretly.
2.
pakistans inter-services public relations office issued a press statement announcing his death sentence.
the statement named him as commander kulbhushan jadhav of the research and analysis wing (r&aw)indias external intelligence agency.
3.
hours after the announcement of jadhavs death sentence, india summoned pakistans high commissioner to india abdul basit and a demarche was issued terming the sentence as farcical.
a warning was also issued by the indian government that if the execution was carried out by the pakistani government, india would consider it as a premeditated murder.
4.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke in parliament on jadhavs sentencing.
swaraj issued a stern warning to pakistan threatening if they go ahead with the death sentence of jadhav, it will have consequences.
the minister cautioned pakistan that the execution will have a serious impact on bilateral relations between the two neighbours.
5.
swaraj assured that the government will make sure jadhav gets the best legal support to fight his case.
6.
earlier, congress leaders mallikarjun kharge, shashi tharoor and aimim leader asaduddin owaisi had raised the issue in parliament demanding a reaction and response from the government.
kharge said: if we fail to save kulbhushan jadhav, then it will be governments weakness.
while owaisi added that the pakistani military court was a banana court and the indian government should use all its clout and influence to bring back kulbhushan jadhav.
the parliament spoke in a united voice against pakistani action backing the government to take the sternest measures.
7.
support came from all quarters of the government machinery.
home minister rajnath singh expressed his ministrys support to kulbhushan jadhav in his address to lok sabha on tuesday.
rajnath said that the government of india will do all it takes to save the life of kulbhushan jadhav.
8.
pakistan defence minister khawaja asif came out in defence of the military courts decision to grant kulbhushan a death sentence.
he said that all laws of the land were followed and that the sentencing was done only after a three-month trial.
in november, pakistani prime ministers advisor on foreign affairs sartaj aziz had said that there was insufficient evidence on jadhav.
however, he recently retracted his statement and thereafter his trial resulted in a death sentence.
9.
jadhav was charged with carrying out counter-intelligence and subversive operations in pakistan.
asif also said in his statement that this sentencing should serve as a warning to all those who were plotting against pakistan.
those plotting against pakistan will not be spared, he said.
10.
kulbhushan jadhav was arrested in march 2016 from mashkel, balochistan region in pakistan.
after an interrogation of three weeks, a video was released by ispr where jadhav was seen giving a confession of being an agent of the r&aw.
indian government denied the validity of the video alleging coercion, tutoring and doctoring of video.
according to indian government, kulbhushan, 46, is not a serving navy officer and he left service in 2002.
the government states he is a businessman and was in no way related to any government activities.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti ) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (source: pti )external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday stepped in to help a distressed indian woman in germany who wanted to come back to india.
the woman, gurpreet, posted a short video on twitter, alleging she and her seven-year daughter had been kept in a refugee camp in germany by her husbands family.
gurpreet  i have got the report from our embassy in germany, swaraj tweeted.
gurpreet  cg frankfurt is in touch with you.
he has spoken to your father also.
we will help you.
gurpreet, hailing from faridabad, said she and her daughter want to go back to india as soon as possible and claimed that she was taken to germany by her inlaws in a fraudulent way.
gurpreet  i have got the report from our embassy in germany.
http://t.
co/mugra2tws0 @ambgurjitsingh @eoiberlin  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 2, 2016she, however, did not mention where she is staying now.
swaraj is known for ensuring prompt help to distressed indians abroad.
recently, she had tweeted that minister of state for external affairs v k singh will handle the problems of the diaspora.
b'ansari is leading the indian delegation in the absence of prime minister narendra modi, who is only the second indian premier to give the cold war-era blocs summit a miss after charan singh in 1979.
ansari is leading the indian delegation in the absence of prime minister narendra modi, who is only the second indian premier to give the cold war-era blocs summit a miss after charan singh in 1979.
vice president hamid ansari on thursday left for venezuela to attend the 17th nam summit during which key issues of concern like terrorism, un reform, climate change and nuclear disarmament are expected to be discussed.
ansari is leading the indian delegation in the absence of prime minister narendra modi, who is only the second indian premier to give the cold war-era blocs summit a miss after charan singh in 1979.
the summit, which started on tuesday and will end on september 18, is taking place in venezuelas margarita island and has meetings scheduled in three consecutive segments officials-level, foreign ministers meet, and a conference of heads of state and government.
minister of state for external affairs m j akbar is already in venezuela to take part in the deliberations while ansari will reach the country after an overnight halt in berlin.
the summit is expected to deliberate on issues of contemporary relevance and concern such as terrorism, un reform, the situation in west asia, threats to peace and security, according to the ministry of external affairs (mea).
un peacekeeping operations, climate change, sustainable development, economic governance, south-south cooperation, refugees and migrants, and nuclear disarmament will also be discussed, the statement said.
all these issues are of relevance in the context of the discussions that will take place at the united nations in coming months, it said.
the non aligned movement (nam) summit in margarita is expected to bring together leaders from 120 developing countries that are its members.
the nam summits are among the largest gatherings of countries, after the united nations.
nam is also an important forum for interaction with partner countries across continents, including from africa, caribbean community (caricom), small island developing states (sids) and least developed countries (ldcs), with whom india has long-standing development partnerships in a spirit of south-south cooperation, the statement said.
nam continues to represent space for action in pursuance of the collective interests of the developing world, along with the g-77, especially on subject such as the reform of the global economic system and disarmament.
at the united nations, the nam is an influential grouping on a range of issues such as un peacekeeping and disarmament, it said.
at the start of the summit on tuesday, venezuelas foreign minister delcy rodriguez said nam-venezuela in 2016, will defend the right of the peoples of the world to fight for peace and sovereignty.
emancipation, anti-imperialism and peace are the flags that define the summit, she had said.
india also has a close bilateral engagement with venezuela, the host of the 17th nam summit.
watch what else is making newsrodriguez had led a high-level delegation to india last month when she had personally extended the invitation for india to attend the nam summit.
she also held talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during the visit.
india is one of the founding members of the non aligned movement and it had hosted the 7th nam summit in 1983 in new delhi.
the last nam summit was hosted by iran in 2012.
the nam comprises 53 countries from africa, 39 from asia, 26 from latin america and the caribbean and 2 from europe (belarus, azerbaijan).
there are 17 countries and 10 international organizations that are observers at nam.
the non aligned movement came into being 55 years ago when leaders of 25 developing countries met at the 1961 belgrade conference.
the summit comes amid political and economic turmoil in the oil-rich country which has skidded into crisis as global crude prices have plunged since mid-2014, pushing president nicols maduros socialist model to the brink.
i am confident that under your leadership, the ministry of external affairs might have already explored and initiated the diplomatic steps necessary to ensure the safety and well-being of the indians living in qatar, stalin said.
(file photo) i am confident that under your leadership, the ministry of external affairs might have already explored and initiated the diplomatic steps necessary to ensure the safety and well-being of the indians living in qatar, stalin said.
(file photo)dmk leader m k stalin on tuesday wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj urging her to ensure the interests of indians living in qatar, with which a saudi-led coalition has severed ties.
in his letter to swaraj, stalin, also opposition leader in the tamil nadu assembly, said families in india of those living in qatar were very much worried about the safety of their relatives in the gulf country.
and it is quite imperative on my part to seek your timely personal diplomatic assistance, as it is broadly viewed that the current tension may have the potential to affect the interests of indians in qatar, he said.
i am confident that under your leadership, the ministry of external affairs might have already explored and initiated the diplomatic steps necessary to ensure the safety and well-being of the indians living in qatar, he added.
he requested swaraj to direct the indian embassy in doha to take utmost care of the interests of the indians living in qatar during the period of complex diplomatic challenge.
saudi arabia, egypt, bahrain and the united arab emirates announced on monday that they were severing diplomatic ties with qatar, accusing the gulf state of supporting terrorism.
pakistans prime minister nawaz sharif (reuters/faisal mahmood/file photo) pakistans prime minister nawaz sharif (reuters/faisal mahmood/file photo)pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif is in the driving seat in handling relations with india, pakistan envoy abdul basit has said, seeking to dispel the perception that its powerful army called the shots.
basits remarks assume significance as foreign policy experts in india feel that pakistan army scuttles any forward movement in indo-pak ties.
at present, the engagement between the two south asian neighbours is suspended following series of attacks carried out in india by pakistan-based terror groups.
however, in a freewheeling interview to pti, basit said categorically that the two countries cannot escape from bilateral engagement.
they cannot live in perpetual hostility, he asserted.
we are very happy that our army is one of the best in the world.
at the same time, our democracy has taken deep roots during the last 8-9 years.
and i have no doubt that our prime minister, who is an elected prime minister, is in the driving seat when it comes to policy matters.
it is the civilian side which calls the shots.
in all democratic countries including india, you do take inputs from all the stakeholders and that is what we also do in pakistan.
there is nothing out of the ordinary in that.
our relations with india are very important part of our foreign policy, so, if there are inputs from our security agencies, there is nothing extraordinary, he said.
the pakistan high commissioner also noted that the pattern in indo-pak ties was one step forward and two steps backward.
therefore, it is important that the two countries should be engaged in irreversible and build on the past progress and not squander them, he added.
it is unnatural not to talk or not have normal relations.
it is absolutely incumbent on both sides to keep the door ajar (for talks)we cannot live in perpetual hostility, basit said.
he also said he was convinced that sooner or later, the two countries will come to the negotiating table.
on the reasons for ties to sink after a promising start at the beginning of the modi governments tenure in 2014 when sharif had come to attend the swearing-in ceremony and the bonhomie shown by the two leaders, basit said, obviously from the indian view point pathankot was one incident.
announcement of the comprehensive bilateral dialogue (cbd) during the visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to pakistan in december 2015 was a one of the biggest achievements of past three years, he said.
but after the pathankot incident, the visit by the indian foreign secretary, who was to come to pakistan on january 15, 2016, was cancelled.
the envoy also said the two sides already have a framework in the cbd and it would be scheduling of meetings on various issues.
the dalai lama the dalai lamachina considers the dalai lama a sting in its ties with india, which causes pain to beijing after the bite, a senior chinese official said in new delhi on friday, as it became clear why the countrys foreign minister, wang yi, had cancelled his visit to india last month to the russia-india-china (ric) trilateral meeting.
the dalai lama episode is like a sting for bilateral relations.
even after the bite, the pain remainsthe bloodwe feel hurt, the official said.
the chinese official said beijing did not expect the (narendra) modi government to give the dalai lama clearance to visit arunachal pradesh and on top of that facilitate his visit, accompanied by an indian minister.
the official said: we did not expect it since we had good relations with the modi government, and the dalai lamas last visit was eight years ago.
for the chinese people, he is a bad guy, (a) very incurable person.
but india treats him as a best guest, the official said.
he targets our leadergoes beyond his status as a guest.
the official said the dalai lamas visit has created mistrust.
the chinese official maintained the official line that there was no link between the dalai lama and wangs visit being cancelled, and cited scheduling problems as the reason for cancellation of the trip.
there is consultation going on between the three countries on scheduling the meeting on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) in astana in early june, the official said.
the sco summit is scheduled for june 7 and 8.
the indian express had on friday reported that wang had cancelled his visit in april for the ric foreign ministers meeting.
it was to be hosted by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
while china had officially cited scheduling as the reason, the countrys diplomats had made it clear privately that beijing was extremely upset with india over the dalai lamas visit to arunachal pradesh.
in beijing, chinese foreign ministry spokesman geng shuang said, about the meeting that was to be held last month, as far as i know the reason is not china.
according to my information, the three countries are now talking about the schedule of the next foreign ministers meeting.
they are maintaining communication and consultation.
in new delhi, the chinese official said india needs to take care of beijings concerns, including those on the dalai lama and the south china sea (scs).
the official also said indias concerns about china blocking consensus on indias membership to the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) and indias bid to designate jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar as a global terrorist at the un security council was as important as beijings concerns on the taiwan issue, the dalai lama, and the border dispute.
but we dont raise these concerns (publicly).
we want to handle them in closed-door meetings, not by going to the media, the chinese official said.
with india yet to confirm its participation in the belt and road forum in beijing on may 14-15, the chinese official said this would be seen as new delhi having no voice on chinese president xi jinpings pet project  the one belt, one road (obor) initiative.
if india doesnt attend the forum it will give a feeling that you are not constructive.
if youre absent, you have no voice, he said.
known as ambala ki beti in her hometown, former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj  who passed away at the age of 67 after a cardiac arrest tuesday  spent her childhood in bc bazaar at haryanas ambala cantonment, about 46 km from state capital chandigarh.
advertisingsushmas family was well-known in ambala.
born in palwal, she was brought up by her maternal grandfather, a popular medical practitioner in bc bazaar, after her mother had passed away.
she did her undergraduate studies from s d college with majors in sanskrit and political science, and then her llb from panjab university.
a bright student, sushmaswaraj took a keen interest in debates and other competitions, said residents of the cantonment area who were close to her family.
her brother dr gulshan sharma, who still lives in the same house where sushmaswaraj spent her childhood, said, she used to visit ambala on rakshabandhan every year.
my niece bansuri would come too.
i shall miss my sister for all times to come.
gauri, a domestic help working at dr sharmas home, said, we used to call her bua ji (aunt).
she was always very helpful.
i once told her that i have two daughters and she told me that i must ensure they get a good education and also offered any help that i may require.
advertisingshe was always inclined towards politics, said shyam bihari, a resident of bc bazaar, who also knew the family.
health minister anil vij, an incumbent mla from ambala cantonment said sushmaswaraj was a leader with rare qualities.
i remember that she was elected as an mla for the first time at the young age of 25.
she later went on to become haryanas education minister.
she remained active in haryana politics till 1990 before she moved to rajya sabha, he added.
residents of ambala also recalled how sushmaswaraj , while holding the portfolio of housing minister, carved out a housing board colony in ambala cantonment.
sushma swaraj in new delhi on monday.
prem nath pandey sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on monday.
prem nath pandeyrejecting us president donald trumps claim that india signed the paris climate agreement to get billions and billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj monday said new delhi signed the pact not because of greed not because of fear but because of its commitment to protecting the environment.
what us president trump has said is not the reality india signed the paris climate pact not because of pressure from any country or due to lure of money.
our signature in the pact was not because of greed, it was not because of fear.
this commitment is 5,000 years old.
we worship rivers, trees and mountains.
this is indias ethos, it is our cultural heritage.
if someone says we signed the pact due to lure of money and pressure from someone, it is wrong.
i reject both these allegations, she said.
on june 1, while announcing the us withdrawal from the paris deal, trump claimed that india had made its participation in the agreement contingent on receiving billions and billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid.
when the prime minister goes to the us to meet president trump, he will raise this issue with him, she said.
she also sent pakistan a tough message, blaming it for creating conditions unsuitable for any gesture by the prime minister or initiative by the indian government to resume the dialogue process.
she said no meeting has so far been scheduled between prime minister modi and his pakistan counterpart nawaz sharif on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana, kazakhstan on june 8-9.
but sources said that possibility could not be completely ruled out.
but at the same time terror and talks cannot go together.
i had gone to islamabad for the heart of asia conference and had begun the comprehensive bilateral dialogue process on december 9 (in 2015).
but do those conditions, which existed on december 9, exist today?
she recalled modis sudden visit to lahore on december 25 that year, which was followed by the terror attack on the pathankot airbase, the arrest of former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav  who has since been sentenced to death by a pakistan military court  and pakistan hailing kashmiri militant burhan wani, killed by security forces last year, as a martyr.
the shimla agreement and lahore declaration are very clear on the kashmir issue that it can only be resolved bilaterally.
the two countries are bound by these bilateral agreements.
on chinas airspace violation in uttarakhand, she said while there used to ground-level incursions from both sides since there is no demarcated boundary, this is the first time an airspace incursion has taken place.
i cannot tell you when and where this issue will be raised, but it will be raised with the chinese government, 101 per cent, she said.
on china blocking indias bid to become a member of the nuclear suppliers group, she said india has asked all friends of china, including russia, to impress upon them indias candidature, and expressed the hope that india will become a member one day.
aaj nahin toh kal, kal nahin toh parson hum honge kaamyab, she said.
at long last, modis embrace seems to be genuinely reciprocated.
netanyahu clasped him to his chest at the airport, then accompanied him to the danziger farm en route to jerusalem at long last, modis embrace seems to be genuinely reciprocated.
netanyahu clasped him to his chest at the airport, then accompanied him to the danziger farm en route to jerusalemcan anyone do a modi on modi?
yes, his name is benjamin netanyahu and he is the prime minister of israel.
welcome to israelaapka swagat hai mere dost.
we have been waiting for you for a long time.
we love india, said @netanyahu to @narendramodi as he landed at tel avivs ben gurion airport on tuesday evening.
with only 938,000 followers on twitter  the pm has 31.
2 million  bibi netanyahu has taken to modis visit on social media with gusto and extraordinary passion.
its almost as if the twin leaders were separated at birth and twitter has brought them back together.
tonight in israel, the retweet button has become a weapon of mass enthusiasm.
in hindi and hebrew @netanyahu posted a warm and effusive welcome, including a video of modis arrival on his facebook page, followed by the ultimate accolade, a giant bear hug.
(its not clear who hugged whom, but the friendly feelings seem to be mutual.
)@israelmfa, the foreign offices twitter handle, underlined its prime ministers excitement, exhorting tweeple to watch live the official welcoming ceremony.
it went on to add that india is a vast country and israel a tiny one, but together we are going to do very big things.
meanwhile @israel, the countrys national twitter account, reported from the danziger agricultural farm that a fast-growing chrysanthemum flower will henceforth be called modi.
whats going on?
the floodgates of @narendramodis enthusiasm in visiting a country he has openly admired for years seem to have burst.
certainly, the pm deserves credit for stripping away the hypocrisy all previous governments, both congress as well as bjp, have maintained in breaking bread with israel.
it was okay to romance behind the purdah, but certainly not okay to kiss in public.
at long last, modis embrace seems to be genuinely reciprocated.
netanyahu clasped him to his chest at the airport, then accompanied him to the danziger farm en route to jerusalem.
when he welcomed him to his home in jerusalem, netanyahus wife shook his hand fiercely and told modi that my husband has told me everything about you, that you are israels friend.
after their brief statements to the press, where the israeli pm flattered modi by referring to two yogaasanas  when modi looks left he sees israel, and when i look right i see india, both sister democracies  netanyahu hugged modi again.
bibi is expected to stay by the pms side these next three days.
even the cynical israeli press seems a little taken aback at whats going on.
modi is certainly responding with alacrity.
he visited yad vashem, the museum that is a memorial to the holocaust.
and he went to the memorial of theodor herzl, the austro-hungarian journalist considered to be the founder of modern zionism  when netanyahu suggested that he do.
it was the equivalent of former prime minister atal behari vajpayee visiting the minar-e-pakistan in lahore in 1998  and with israel, india has never fought a war.
the stage has been set for an expansion in ties between the two states  from upping the bilateral defence relationship, one-fifth of current $5 billion trade, to upgrading the diamond trade to expanding cooperation in sanitation, water resources and agriculture.
this first-ever visit by an indian prime minister to the jewish state  a state that india voted against when it came into being in 1948 because it was carved out of the palestinian territories  is breaking new ground every hour.
in a reflection of how the world has changed these 69 years, modi is also the first indian leader not to visit any palestinian town.
modi had prepared for this moment in may itself when he invited palestinian president mahmoud abbas to delhi  in fact, modi has been preparing for it since he came to power in 2014, visiting all the major states in west asia, like iran and saudi arabia and the uae.
the journey to israel has come last, in this part of the world.
to those who care to look, the pm is sending out another message beyond the more obvious one of de-hyphenating the israel-palestine relationship.
this is aimed at the us and the increasing transactional cost of the india-us relationship, in which india must buy-buy-buy from the us so as to keep donald trump in reasonably good humour.
modi is calculating that his genuine affection for israel is bound to have an impact on the enormously powerful american jewish community which remains extremely involved in israeli politics.
hopefully in time this will influence the us establishment to look much more kindly upon delhi.
of course, modi is the latest link in a chain that has persisted with ties with israel.
it all began with none other than congress prime minister pv narasimha rao who went against his own party to reach out to tel aviv in 1992, under the foreign secretaryship of the redoubtable jn dixit.
asked whether india was going back on indias foreign policy foundations, dixit would point out that the arab world had never supported india when it mattered, during the 1971 war against pakistan.
of course, dixit was using the situation that pertained on the ground to suit his argument.
he had realized soon enough that india would need israeli help in a post-cold war world to help smoothen its ride in a tough neighbourhood.
not that pakistan and israel were not cosying up to each other behind the scenes as well.
in fact, their foreign ministers had met in 1994, at the exact same time dixit was in the top job advising pvnr.
then in 2000, atal behari vajpayee sent external affairs jaswant singh to israeli, the first foreign minister to make a visit and to underline delhis eagerness.
congress foreign minister sm krishna followed in 2012, president pranab mukherjee in 2015 and bjp foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in 2016.
they all went to israel and the palestinian territories.
sometimes indias large muslim population was cited as the real reason for indias reluctance to shed the dephyphenation  even though foreign policy has never pandered to religious or ethnic sentiments  while other times it has been indias tight embrace of non-alignment which hobbled it from stepping into the future.
on his first day, modi has already talked about jointly dealing with terror  twice.
he has expressed his admiration for the israeli soldier, only one of three, who died rescuing over a 100 people in the entebbe raid in uganda  he was netanyahus older brother.
certainly, the pm hopes india could be more like israel, disregarding international criticism on surgical strikes as well as human rights violations.
the fact that netanyahu is pulling out all the stops means that israel is also looking for uncritical friends.
watch this space for day two.
b'the tanzanian student alleged that she was stripped and forced to walk naked in public by a mob that went on a rampage and set fire to her car after a road accident.
the tanzanian student alleged that she was stripped and forced to walk naked in public by a mob that went on a rampage and set fire to her car after a road accident.
expressing outrage at the alleged stripping of a tanzanian student in bengaluru, tanzanias high commissioner to india john kijazi on thursday said she was attacked because she was black, and that the incident had an element of racism.
the tanzanian envoy will visit bengaluru on friday, along with a team of officials from the ministry of external affairs (mea), to reach out to african students in bengaluru and assuage their concerns.
according to police, the 21-year-old student was targeted by a mob in north bengaluru on the night of january 31 following a road accident in which another foreign student, from sudan, ran over a 35-year-old housewife from the locality.
speaking to the indian express, kijazi said, according to my view, she was attacked because she was black just like the person who was driving the vehicle and caused the accident.
there is an element of mob justice to this, but there is also an element of racism.
the envoy, who is dean of the african diplomatic corps in delhi, said, she was attacked because of her skin colourthe accident happened at a spot, and the woman was not there at that spot and was some distance away.
.
she was not involved at all.
watch videofollowing the incident, kijazi said, the student was getting threatening messages for two days, along with other friends.
she is traumatised.
we are in touch with her and other students.
she said she felt like in hell.
right now, she is stable, but shocked along with the others, the envoy said.
kijazi also sought a thorough and fair investigation into the incident.
we want to ensure the security and safety of all african students.
if they are scared, they cannot study.
right now, they are not 100 per cent comfortable, he said.
the centre, meanwhile, has sought a detailed report from the karnataka government on the alleged stripping.
the congress government in the state, however, sought to play down the incident with home minister g parameshwara denying that the student was not stripped and paraded naked as alleged.
i met the victim personally to boost her self-confidence.
i assured her that she would get justice, he said, adding that the probe has been handed over to the central crime branch (ccb).
police said that five people, including a bjp worker, have been arrested for targeting the student.
they identified the bjp worker as lokesh bangari, a member of the chikkabanavara gram panchayat in north bengaluru.
the union home ministry, meanwhile, has asked the state government to send a detailed report at the earliest on the circumstances and events leading up to the incident, and the action taken against culprits and to protect the victim.
terming the incident as a matter of shame for the entire nation, minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju said, we will not allow racial discrimination to take place in the country.
for 200 years, india was enslaved by foreigners.
we have been fighting racial discrimination.
but in india itself, if there is racial discrimination, the government will take it very seriously.
in bengaluru, parameshwara said, we have submitted a report to the minister of external affairs.
an investigation team has been formed that will be assisted by 11 senior police officers.
i have also directed additional commissioner of police charan reddy to investigate the allegations.
he will submit a detailed report.
describing what happened on 31st january around 7.
30 pm, the student stated in her police complaint that she and four friends were looking for something to eat as the mob of indians started chasing and throwing stones to us in the car, just because they saw we were africans.
she said that after two of her friends managed to escape, another friend reached the spot to help her.
as we were leaving, the indians started beating my friend and me and started pulling our clothes and torn (sic) them leaving me with not (sic) on top and left me like that, she stated.
we went into a bus but the driver did not want (to) move and the people in the bus started to beat us and pushed us outside i fell on the stairs of the bus and the indians outside pulled me and my friend and continued beating us.
then we ran to one of the shops and sat there but still they followed us until one iranian came and helped us we went to a friends house where we stayed without going out for two days, she stated.
reacting to the remarks of the tanzanian high commissioner, mea spokesperson vikas swarup said there was a road accident following which there was a chain reaction leading to this shameful and regrettable incident.
terming the incident as isolated, he said the incident should not be generalised.
we have assured our african friends that necessary legal action will be taken and stringent punishment will be given to those involved in the attack and that we will take all steps to ensure the safety and security of african students in india, said swarup, adding that there were about 5,000 african students in the country.
the decision to send a team to bengaluru was taken after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met with foreign secretary s jaishankar, mea secretary (economic relations) amar sinha and other senior officials.
us secretary of state rex tillerson, center, stands with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, left, and japanese foreign minister taro kono, at the palace hotel in new york on monday.
(pti photo@meaindia) us secretary of state rex tillerson, center, stands with indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, left, and japanese foreign minister taro kono, at the palace hotel in new york on monday.
(pti photo@meaindia)as us president donald trump appears before the united nations general assembly this week for the first time and outlines his controversial worldview, the indian delegation led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has an opportunity to build on the new pragmatism in delhis multilateral diplomacy.
the nda government has over the last three years begun to chip away at the ideological posturing that has long been the hallmark of indias un diplomacy.
advancing this transition to realpolitik at the un should be swarajs main political objective in new york.
the eam should not let the inevitable bickering with islamabad on kashmir overwhelm its pursuit of many other political objectives at the un.
the international context of kashmir has largely evolved in favour of india since the 1990s, when delhi was at the receiving end of much criticism.
the rise of india has encouraged the us and its european allies to put commercial and geopolitical imperatives above proclaimed concerns on human rights and non-proliferation.
more broadly, the era of knee-jerk interventionism that followed the end of cold war may be winding down, thanks to the declining political support in the west for meddling in other peoples affairs.
if contesting the interventionist orientation of american foreign policy has long been considered politically suicidal in the united states, trump reveled in whipping up nationalism in the name of america first and pitting it against the internationalism of the foreign policy establishment.
while this played well during the campaign, the question over the last few months has been how much of the campaign rhetoric the president might retain and which parts he might discard.
in a preview of trumps speech, which is expected to articulate the administrations multilateral thinking, his aides pointed to four broad themes that the president will highlight  peace, prosperity, sovereignty and accountability.
peace and security have always been at the top of american presidents outreach to the united nations.
washington has also long insisted on accountability and efficiency in the un functioning and threatened to choke funding if the world body did not reform itself.
the new element in trumps speech is the emphasis on sovereignty.
after the cold war, both liberals and conservatives in america pooh poohed the notion of sovereignty.
both believed that american power could be deployed for good around the world  whether it was the promotion of democracy or preventing the spread of weapons of mass destruction.
if sovereignty of other states had to be violated in pursuit of these objectives, then so be it.
the eastern powers, china and russia as well as the rising nations in the south, demurred against the diminution of state sovereignty.
trump has, however, complicated the east-west and north-south divisions by injecting sovereignty  especially american sovereignty  into the discourse.
during his election campaign, trump criticised multilateral alliances like nato as obsolete.
he dismissed the united nations as a talk shop.
trump also attacked the multilateral trading system as unfair to the united states.
he walked out of the negotiations on trans-pacific partnership and the paris accord on mitigating climate change.
during the last eight months, trump, who made globalism a term of political abuse in america, has had to moderate some of his positions.
under pressure from the foreign policy establishment, trump reaffirmed the importance of nato and other alliances.
rejecting criticism that he is an isolationist, trump has used force in the middle east, extended american military presence in afghanistan, and threatened to bomb north korea.
there has also been unconfirmed speculation that trump might reconsider his rejection of the paris accord.
consistency has certainly not been the hallmark of trumps articulation of us interests.
but there is no question that he has blurred the traditional lines of debate on intervention and sovereignty.
this cant but be welcome for delhi, which has long cautioned against undermining state sovereignty.
as old ideological divisions break down at the un, delhi must now take the lead in promoting practical solutions to international challenges.
it must also remember that multilateralism is not an end in itself, but a means to pursue indias national interests.
indias thinking on global issues has in recent years moved away from defensiveness to claims of leadership.
nothing illustrates this better than indias policy on climate change under prime minister narendra modi.
from being the naysayer, india played a key role in generating consensus in the paris talks on climate change at the end of 2015.
when trump turned the us policy on climate change upside down, modi reaffirmed indias support for the paris accord and promised to work with other leading powers.
the nda government has also mobilised multilateral pressure on pakistan to stop supporting cross-border terrorism but has run into resistance from china, islamabads ally.
beijing has reminded delhi that multilateralism cant really be separated from great power politics.
finding common ground on specific issues with the us, china, japan, europe and russia in smaller plurilateral fora has indeed become an important part of indias multilateral diplomacy.
that is why the trilateral engagement with the top diplomats of us and japan on the one hand and the brics foreign ministers on the other have become important fixtures on sushmaswaraj swarajs calendar in new york.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with indonesias coordinating minister for maritime affairs general (retd) luhut binsar pandjaitan (source- twitter/raveesh kumar) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with indonesias coordinating minister for maritime affairs general (retd) luhut binsar pandjaitan (source- twitter/raveesh kumar)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday held talks with indonesias coordinating minister for maritime affairs general (retd) luhut binsar pandjaitan and discussed ways to strengthen the bilateral strategic partnership.
the meeting between the two leaders assumes significance as it comes ahead of prime minister narendra modis expected visit to indonesia later this month.
building upon deep civilizational linkages between two maritime neighbours!
eam @sushmaswaraj met with indonesian coordinating minister for maritime affairs gen (retd.
) luhut binsar pandjaitan.
discussions focused on steps to further expand our strategic partnership, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
building upon deep civilizational linkages between two maritime neighbours!
eam @sushmaswaraj met with indonesian coordinating minister for maritime affairs gen (retd.
) luhut binsar pandjaitan.
discussions focused on steps to further expand our strategic partnership @kemlu_ri pic.
twitter.com/lotl3cec74  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) may 18, 2018indonesia has emerged as the largest trading partner of india in the asean region.
bilateral trade has increased from usd 4.
3 billion in 2005-06 to usd 17 billion in 2016-17.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj calls on prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth.
source: twitter/meaindia external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj calls on prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth.
source: twitter/meaindiaunion external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today met mauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth and discussed ways to deepen bilateral cooperation in various areas including trade and investment.
meeting with a long-standing friend.
eam @sushmaswaraj calls on prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth, mea spokesperson gopal bagley tweeted along with a picture of swaraj with the mauritian pm.
earlier today, jugnauth was given a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan.
the mauritian prime minister arrived here yesterday on a three-day visit, during which he will hold meetings with his indian counterpart narendra modi and president pranab mukherjee.
jugnauth held discussions with home minister rajnath singh, railway minister suresh prabhu and petroleum and natural gas minister dharmendra pradhan yesterday.
he will hold delegation-level talks with prime minister modi today, besides meeting defence and finance minister arun jaitley.
this is jugnauths first visit abroad as prime minister after assuming office early this year.
b'as the bjps ekta yatra enters the final stage,home minister p chidambaram today appealed to bjp leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj to give up the path of confrontation and not push any political agenda that will affect peace in jammu and kashmir.
the home minister noted that the jammu and kashmir government has made it clear that it would neither let any yatra to srinagar nor would it allow any assembly at lal chowk.
the bjp leaders should respect the orders passed by the state government.
it would be most unfortunate if the bjp leaders defy the restrictions placed by the state government or deliberately cause a breach of peace.
there is no justification whatsoever to push a political agenda that will certainly affect peace and law and order in jammu and kashmir, he said in a statement.
chidambaram said the state government has also made it clear that it would not allow the bjp leaders to cross the bridge connecting madhopur and lakhanpur and enter jammu and kashmir.
drawing the attention of the bjp leaders to the statement made by prime minister manmohan singh january 22,chidambaram said the republic day is a day of celebration and is not an occasion for divisive politics.
i would request the two leaders of the opposition (in parliament) and their colleagues to give up the path of confrontation,return to delhi and join the celebrations in delhi on republic day, he said.
the home minister said he had spoken to jaitley and chief minister omar abdullah yesterday.
during the conversation with jaitley,chidambaram had told him that he and his colleagues had made their point and that they should not defy the orders of the state government which was the best judge to decide whether there was a threat to law and order and public peace.
i requested them to return to delhi.
the bjp leaders were also offered an opportunity to address a press conference at jammu airport and,thereafter,leave jammu and kashmir.
regrettably,they turned down the offer, he said.
in the circumstances,the state government had to remove the bjp leaders and take them to madhopur in punjab.
they were lodged for the night in a rest house in madhopur,he said.
b'unhappy over the treatment meted out to party colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley at jammu airport,senior bjp leader l k advani today talked to prime minister manmohan singh to lodge a protest over the developments which had never happened earlier.
i talked to the prime minister to register protest over the way authorities prevented sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley,both leaders of opposition in two houses of parliament,from entering jammu and threatened to deport them back to delhi, advani said.
while expressing anguish,the chairman of bjp parliamentary party told singh that such developments had never happened earlier.
advani said swaraj and jaitley had refused to return to delhi.
swaraj and jaitley,who went to jammu this afternoon to join the partys ekta yatra,were prohibited from coming out of the airport,leading to a stand-off.
on being told by the authorities that prohibitory orders under section 144 was in force,swaraj and jaitley asked them to arrest them rather than sending back to delhi,advani said.
asked whether singh had given any assurance to him,advani said,i did not call to seek any assurance but just to register my protest at the treatment meted out to our two senior leaders.
b'minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed a press conference over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) minister of external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed a press conference over the death of the 39 indians in mosul, iraq.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)ruckus ensued in the lok sabha on tuesday as the opposition raised slogans just as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was about to deliver a statement on the death of 39 indians in iraqs mosul.
while the union minister said all the 39 indians abducted by the isis terror outfit in mosul in iraq three years ago are dead and their bodies have been recovered, the house was adjourned for the day soon after amid slogan shouting by members from various parties.
speaker sumitra mahajan termed the scenes as unfortunate.
unable to make an elaborate statement on the death of indians in iraq, swaraj addressed a press conference today slamming the congress for disrupting her speech and termed it as cheap politics.
today congress indulged in very low level of politics, probably congress president thought how did no uproar happened in rajya sabha and decided to ask scindia ji to lead protests in lok sabha.
playing politics on deaths, said swaraj.
also read: 39 indians kidnapped by islamic state in iraq are dead: sushmaswaraj swaraj informs parliamentcongress led the protests under jyotiraditya scindia in lok sabha, says swarajswaraj noted that while everyone listened to her statement patiently in the rajya sabha, she expected the same in the lok sabha but the congress led by jyotiraditya scindia disrupted her speech.
in rajya sabha everyone listened to me speaking very patiently and in peace.
everyone paid tribute, i thought same would happen in lok sabha.
but unlike the past few days of ruckus, today congress led the protests under jyotiraditya scindia ji.
very unfortunate, she said.
declared about the death of 39 indians only after getting proof.
i personally talked to the foreign ministers of the respective countries, i went to them and asked them if they have any evidence they provide us the same.
sushma swaraj in new delhi.
(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal) sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi.
(source: express photo by tashi tobgyal)on questions raised by some kin of victims as to why they werent informed about the deaths before parliament session, swaraj explained its parliamentary procedure to first inform the house.
she also demanded that congress explain why it disrupted lok sabha proceedings when she was to give details on deaths of 39 indians in iraq.
sushma swaraj in new delhi.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)out of the deceased, 27 people were from punjab, six from bihar, four from himachal pradesh and two from west bengal.
the identity of one of them is yet to be verified.
i am satisfied that i had stated that will declare them dead only on the day i have concrete evidence, i kept my word.
i will get my closure when i would hand over the mortal remains to their families & they receive proper last rites, added swaraj.
we have to be responsible.
read: harjit masih on 39 indians killed in iraq: my stand vindicated, case against me should be withdrawnmasih was the lone survivor who had managed to flee from isis captivity in iraq in june 2014 following his abduction along with 39 other indians there.
he had said today that he had been maintaining for the last three years that all others had been killed.
a case was lodged against masih after families of the missing 39 indians registered a complaint on the directions of the ministry of external affairs.
the mea had then alleged that masih had cooked up the story of the 39 indians being killed.
now, since the government has admitted that the men are dead, the case against me should be withdrawn, he said.
earlier in the day, swaraj had given a statement in the rajya sabha on the issue of 39 indians being killed while in captivity in iraq.
but in lok sabha, her speech was repeatedly disrupted by opposition members.
thats when speaker sumitra mahajan wondered whether the members have become insensitive and have lost compassion towards fellow countrymen.
dont indulge in such politics.
dont be so insensitivethis is a very sorry state.
it has never been such a sorry state (of affairs).
it is sad, the speaker remarked.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday left for a two-nation three-day visit to iran and russia.
(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday left for a two-nation three-day visit to iran and russia.
(express photo by amit mehra)on the eve of her visit to russia, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday said that she will take up the death of two indians in a fire tragedy and killing of another indian in that country during her talks with the authorities.
swaraj on saturday left for a two-nation three-day visit to iran and russia.
she will go to moscow from tehran on sunday where she will participate in the annual foreign ministers meeting of ric (russia, india and china).
i am going to moscow.
the final investigation report into fire tragedy in which we lost pooja kallur and krishma bhonsle is on my agenda.
besides attending the ric meeting, she is also expected to have a bilateral meet with her russian counterpart sergey lavrov in moscow.
two indian girl students were killed in a fire at the smolensk medical academy in western russia in february while a kashmiri businessman died after being attacked by unidentified men last month.
b'kulbhushan jadhav kulbhushan jadhavthe editorial in organiser comments on the death sentence given to kulbhushan jadhav, a bharatiya, by the field general court martial under the pakistan army act.
it terms jadhavs arrest and subsequent trial fishy and farcical, which raises many questions about the intention of pakistan.
india sought consular access to him 13 times, only to be denied by the pakistani authorities, who are still not disclosing the whereabouts of a bharatiya citizen.
pointing out that pakistan has a long history of flouting laws, it asks: the real question is why pakistan is playing this card now and how to deal with it.
the only option to deal with such a troublesome neighbour is to come with a bigger surprise, it says, noting that the modi government is known for aggressive and innovative approach in all spheres of governance, especially in foreign policy.
the kulbhushan issue has provided an opportunity to go for another surgery to sort out the unjust neighbour and bring it to the path of justice, it concludes.
the left and ayodhyathe cover story of organiser has an interview with former archeological survey of india official k.k. mohammed, who was a member of the excavation team to ayodhya in 1978.
mohammed, who has renovated more than 300 temples as a part of his professional life, argues with the support of evidence that the disputed structure (in ayodhya) had been erected on the debris of a temple.
he reveals that when the majority of muslims were willing to hand over the disputed land to hindus, the leftists and leftist-affiliated historians sabotaged the peaceful transfer of the land.
noting that ayodhya has no connection with the islamic faith, he says that muslims must hand over ayodhya to hindus.
india still remains secular only because hindus are a majority here, he says, underlining that if muslims were the majority, it would not have become a secular state.
muslims must understand this fact.
he lists vital archaeological evidence that establish the presence of a temple at the site and slams leftist historians in jnu, who opposed the historical facts and findings.
if there were no leftist interventions, the ayodhya issue would have been settled a long ago, he says, adding that leftist historians gave empty promises to muslims.
the sunni natoan article in panchjanya comments on the irony of the islamic military alliance to fight terrorism, formed on the lines of nato.
its leader would be saudi arabia, which is considered the biggest source of terrorism in the world, it says.
pakistans former army chief raheel sharif, who is considered highly unreliable on the matter of terrorism, is in charge of the military operations of this alliance.
the objective of this alliance of islamic countries is to ensure cooperation, military training and weapon exchange among these countries, it says.
the article argues that many terrorist organisations in the world have been beneficiaries of saudi arabias largesse  saudi arabia also funds the spread of wahabi islam.
major terrorist outfits like isis, al qaeda, taliban, let, etc.
, follow wahabi islam, and have links to saudi money.
underlining the role of pakistan in nourishing terrorism, the article asks how can such a country fight terrorism?
the increasing proximity of pakistan with saudi arabia, as reflected in this alliance, is considered a major blow to indian foreign policy.
this muslim nato seems like a sunni nato, the article argues, while claiming that even shia groups in pakistan are opposing it.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)every attack and death of indians in the us should not be considered as hate crime, external affairs minister said on thursday after members in the rajya sabha voiced concerns over recent incidents of violence.
replying to concerns of members over attacks on indian abroad, she told members during question hour in rajya sabha that the government was aware of each and every death of indians abroad and had all the figures.
we should not consider every attack or killing (in us) as hate crime, she told the members.
she said the government is in talks with the us and the authorities there are probing all angles including hate in the crimes.
the authorites are carrying out a probe into the death and it has not yet been established whether it is a hate crime, she said, adding that no arrest has been made in the case yet.
the case of harnish patel has been found to be one of burglary, she said, adding the authorities have said that it looks like a case of robbery.
referring to two more cases, the minister said in one of them, she talked directly to the affected family in new jersey who confirmed that it was not a hate crime at all and it was a personal matter and family issue.
in another case raised by the members (in the rajya sabha), a press release was issued by the authorities saying it is a not a hate crime, she said.
we talk to the family of the person dying and then our mission takes care of the.
all figures are with us.
b'narendra modi narendra modifor some decades now, indias strategic opportunities have been mostly in the east.
yet, for the all the talk of looking east and acting east, delhi is easily distracted by the endless provocations on its west.
the renewed diplomatic engagement with nepal last week, following the recent regime change in kathmandu, and this weeks outreach to burmas first democratically elected government in many decades, underline the expansive possibilities in the east.
delhi cant let its obsession with the west come in the way of realising the full potential of the east.
(before you object to the use of the term burma, do note that aung san suu kyi, who is the foreign minister, state counsellor and the dominant figure in the new democratic government prefers this name to describe her nation.
but she also added that she will not object to the use of myanmar.
you are free to use either, she told the diplomats in the burmese capital, yangon, in april, this year).
if there is one factor that is common to both the fronts, it is china.
modis remarks on balochistan, gilgit-baltistan and pakistan occupied kashmir highlighted chinas deeper involvement in indias unending squabbles with pakistan.
beijing figures prominently in the great game to the east; china has exercised influence there for long.
consider the following: the new prime minister of nepal, prachanda, whose return to power was seen as a big political gain for india, insists on a balanced policy towards delhi and beijing.
soon after he took charge, prachanda dispatched his two deputy prime ministers as special envoys to delhi and beijing.
in burma, suu kyi chose beijing as the first port of call among the major powers, despite the fact that china was the strongest supporter of the military regime in the last three decades.
barely a day after her return from her five-day visit to beijing, suu kyi was receiving indias external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj.
unlike in the west, where delhi does not have much room to alter the dynamics of the deepening sino-pak alliance, it remains the most important external actor in nepal.
it also has considerable potential to emerge as an influential force in burma.
but it has to contend with chinas power in both the countries.
objective observers of nepal will be aware that delhi no longer has a free hand in kathmandu and beijings capacity to influence the internal politics of nepal has significantly increased in recent years.
china has always had a larger influence in burmas domestic politics.
given the salience of geography, the downturn in indo-nepal relations, during the tenure of the k.p. oli-led government, was not likely to be permanent.
the same holds true for chinas relations with burma.
since 2011, ties between beijing and yangon were on a downhill, as the military government suspended the myitsone dam project that beijing was preparing to build on the irrawaddy river.
as the military government prepared for a democratic transition and to diversify its external relations  away from its dependence on beijing  the us moved quickly to lift some of the sanctions it had imposed on burma.
following the us lead, japan and european powers checked into yangon.
if beijing seemed to have a free run in burma from the late-1980s to the turn of the 2010s, it now faced severe competition.
but as with delhi in nepal, geography guarantees an enduring role for beijing in burma.
one of the major outcomes of suu kyis beijing trip was chinas commitment to bring three rebel groups in northern burma that have long had ties to beijing to the peace process.
settling the conflict with the minority groups is at the top of suu kyis political agenda.
she has set up a commission to review the chinese dam projects, supported beijings silk road initiatives, and chosen to be silent on the south china sea dispute.
this does not mean suu kyi is taking burma back into beijings fold.
china has to work hard in burma to retain its influence as suu kyi seeks a balanced relationship with all major powers.
the next stop on suu kyis travel schedule is washington.
her talks with swaraj this week are part of the same process.
although geography gives india many advantages in both nepal and burma, delhi has been unable to reinforce it with other instruments such as economic diplomacy.
chinas ability to deliver large quantities of aid and implement major infrastructure projects on short order makes it an attractive partner for both kathmandu and yangon.
india, in contrast, has acquired an unenviable reputation in both nepal and burma for all talk and no actions.
as delhi prepares for an intensive round of high level political engagement with nepal and burma  president pranab mukherjee is likely to travel to kathmandu soon and delhi will host the burmese president, htin kyaw  it needs a plan for vigorous commercial engagement with both neighbours.
b'smith was arrested from igi airport in delhi in jan 2015 smith was arrested from igi airport in delhi in jan 2015it was a tweet from a mother in the united states that drew attention to the case on wednesday.
@sushmaswaraj colette smith, us citizen  dehradun prison  17 months.
prosecutors ignore deadlines imposed by court  bleeding intestines.
help, tweeted rosemary nowak.
in her response, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted, ms rosemary nowak  pl do not worry.
i will ensure that your daughter gets immediate medical help.
on thursday, jail authorities said colette smith was taken for a check-up to the himalayan institute of medical sciences at jolly grant.
she has been receiving treatment at jolly grant, aiims rishikesh and even aiims delhi regularly.
she has gynaecological problems, urinary tract infection and some psychological problems, said jail superintendent m s gwal.
smith was arrested on january 14, 2015 from the indira gandhi international airport at delhi.
while sources at the narcotics control bureau (ncb) said she was trying to flee the country, her friends claimed she had a return ticket and was planning to come back.
a complaint was filed against her and two others by the ncb.
according to lav kumar singh, who is the investigating officer, they had received information that drugs containing pseudoephedrine, a controlled substance used in medicines for cold and cough, were seized in manipur from where they were headed across the border.
some of these were made by daffohils, a dehradun-based company.
on investigation, we found that this company was not using most of the pseudoephedrine it was acquiring for medicines but was diverting it.
many of the distributors who were named in their records said they never received the medicines from them, said singh.
smith was the director of daffohils for a brief period, after it was taken over by her associate dr vijay aggawal in 2012.
it has since gone back to its previous owner.
smith, with a degree in physical health, also co-founded bella health, an ngo in dehradun that works with womens health, in 2011 with agarwal, whom she knew from the us and who had family in dehradun.
we have asked the enforcement directorate to investigate that foundation too, said singh.
there have been a total of six arrests but agarwal hasnt responded to summons and has not visited india since, he said.
smiths friends said she has a host of medical issues and her health has been deteriorating in prison.
she has endometriosis, thyroid and persistent urinary tract infection.
she needs specialised care, said bani hoon, who knew smith because of their association with people for animals.
last july, smith was granted interim bail for two months on health grounds, but her plea for an extension was rejected.
manavi bhatt, another friend smith made when she turned up at the animal shelter that she volunteers at in 2010 and adopted five dogs, said smith puts up a brave front but they fear she will break down any moment.
she has been on the catheter for a year now, she looks all bloated and puffy.
she had medical problems earlier too, and they have been aggravated in jail, said bhatt who met her at the last hearing on may 6.
the next hearing is on may 17.
bhatt said smiths father came to dehradun in january and march this year and is expected again soon.
b'sand artiste sudarsan pattnaiks work on the kulbhushan jadhav case, at puri beach on thursday.
pti photo sand artiste sudarsan pattnaiks work on the kulbhushan jadhav case, at puri beach on thursday.
pti photothe provisional order of the international court of justice (icj) staying kulbhushan jadhavs execution came as a big relief for his family that tracked the proceedings on television thursday.
the ministry of external affairs ( mea) and its minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, are in touch with us and keep us apprised of the developments.
the verdict has come as a major relief and we are hopeful that jadhav will get a fair trial.
the provisional order is a step in the right direction, a family source told the indian express.
on april 26, weeks after a pakistani military court awarded death sentence to jadhav on espionage charges, his mother filed an appeal under section 133 (b) and a petition before the federal government of pakistan under section 131 of the pakistan army act, 1952.
the appeal and the petition were handed over to the pakistan government by the indian high commissioner in islamabad.
the family source said pakistans decision to not allow jadhav consular access farcical.
on april 25, jadhavs parents also applied for pakistani visas through the mea.
the family source added that they were hopeful their visa application will be processed by the pakistani government.
since his arrest in march last year, the family has not been able to speak to jadhav.
we are praying there is a favourable response, added the source.
sachin vaze, a former mumbai police officer and a family friend, told the indian express: the decision by the icj has only reaffirmed our faith in our government and we hope pakistan will abide by the order.
when asked about the 40-day appeal period that will lapse on friday, vaze said the family was hopeful pakistan will not defy the icj order.
pakistan is bound by the vienna convention and we dont think they will defy its order, he added.
jadhavs father, sudhir jadhav, is a retired assistant commissioner with mumbai police.
his uncle, suresh jadhav, too served in mumbai police and was part of the team that probed the 2002 salman khan hit-and-run case.
he now runs a security agency.
according to sources, the family wont travel to the hague where the icj hearing will be under way.
near jadhavs childhood home in the lower parel area, his old friends gave out sweets and burst crackers on thursday.
subroto mukherjee, fondly called debu by friends, including jadhav, told the indian express, back then, we did not know what to do to help our friend.
i came to know about the petition launched by the indian-american community in the us.
it needed 1 lakh signatures to get a response from the donald trump administration.
hence i would go around buildings in the vicinity where jadhav spent his early years, asking people to sign it.
that is all we could do then, to have some hope of him returning.
he added, later when we heard the arguments of harish salve in the icj, i was quite optimistic.
arvind singh, one of jadhavs friends, said, this is a big victory for india.
we are grateful to the entire nation for having prayed for jadhav.
we are now hopeful of him coming back soon.
i want all of you to become sushmaswaraj swaraj.
people say politics is polluted.
i would like to ask you will you not clean a room of your house if it is dirty.
good people must come and join politics to clean it, the leader of opposition in lok sabha told a gathering of young girls while asking them to join politics.
in an interaction with around 200 girls as part of celebration to mark the international womens day on march 8,swaraj threw light on various aspects of her life as well as her opinion on a range of issues related to women.
i fought election at the age of 25 and became a cabinet minister.
it is a sort of record till todayi want young and good people to join politics, she said.
for me quality of time is more important than quantity of time.
replying to a question on why there is not enough representation of women in parliament,she said the when the women reservation bill becomes a law,then the fair sex will have equal representation in both lok sabha and rajya sabha.
she said the bjp has assured the government that the party will support the bill when it comes to lok sabha.
seeking equal opportunity for women,she also wondered why women cannot be given combat role in armed forces and said the problem is with the mindset.
why women are not given combat role in army?
the problem is with the mindset.
can women not play their role in combat duties, she said.
swaraj also expressed deep concern over female foeticide.
she urged the women to join bjp and took a dig at the nehru-gandhi family,saying anybody in her party can rise to the top position which is not possible in congress as the top position in that party is always reserved for a particular family.
this was conveyed by the minister during her meeting with families, who were appreciative of efforts made by the government, specially by sawraj and minister of state for external affairs v k singh, official sources said.
the minister told them that bodies will be brought to india in a weeks time and singh will go to iraq to oversee the entire process, a source said.
singh is expected to fly out soon in a cargo plane to get bodies, sources said.
davinder singh, younger brother of gobinder singh, who was among those killed in iraq, told pti over phone after meeting swaraj in new delhi, we were assured all kind of assistance, including the possibility of a government job to the next of kin.
on the demand of bringing the mortal remains of the 39 killed to india as soon as possible, the minister assured us of all possible steps, he said.
the meeting with swaraj lasted for about 45 minute, he said.
the family of the deceased sought financial help as their bread earners are dead and also government jobs for the next of kin, kumar said.
the minister told us that she would meet the cms of the four states from where the indians belonged to take a decision on possibility of providing a government job to the next of kin, he said.
earlier in the day, the family members of those killed in iraq met punjab congress chief and party mp sunil kumar jakhar in new delhi and he assured them all possible assistance to them.
the remaining 39 indians were taken to badoosh and killed, she had said.
search operations led to a mound in badoosh where locals said some bodies were buried by the isis.
deep penetration radars were used to establish that the mound indeed was a mass grave, she had said, adding the indian authorities requested their iraqi counterpart to exhume the bodies.
the bodies were then sent to baghdad for dna testing.
dna testing by martyrs foundation established the identity of 38 indians while there has been 70 per cent matching of the dna for the 39th person, she had said.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee west bengal chief minister mamata banerjeewith ysr congress in the nda camp for the presidential election and the biju janata dal (bjd) seemingly equivocal on its support, all eyes in the opposition ranks will be on tuesdays meeting between congress president sonia gandhi and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee.
banerjee reached delhi on monday evening, responding to sonias call last week.
opposition parties have had several meetings over the past few days in a bid to put up a consensus candidate for the top post but the trinamool congress (tmc) was not represented in those meetings.
although the tmc has wavered in the past few months from its initial support for a second term for president pranab mukherjee, there is an understanding that mukherjee may still be the most acceptable face for the opposition parties.
that speculation has already received a fillip with bihar chief minister nitish kumar on monday putting forward mukherjees name.
the congress leadership is also learnt to be pushing his candidature, although the party is open to other names in the interest of political consensus, sources said.
mukherjee, whose term ends in july, is likely to throw his hat into the ring only if he is a consensus candidate assured of victory, and may not be keen to enter a contest.
ysr congress chief jagan mohan reddy had met pm narendra modi last week to assure him of his partys support.
while bjd chief and odisha chief minister naveen patnaik has had multiple meetings with opposition leaders and backed the need for secular parties to unite, the party has not yet made its stance clear on the presidential elections.
the fact that jharkhand governor draupadi murmus name is doing the rounds as a possible nda candidate naturally makes it a difficult call for patnaik, as murmu comes from odisha.
not that the tmcs choices are not complicated.
a few months ago, banerjee had told a bangla channel that she is not averse to the candidature of either bjp leader l k advani or that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, or even lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
b'karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa today said no significance should be attached to his two-day trip to delhi and termed it as a routine visit.
bjp is a national party.
as chief minister of a state,i am duty-bound to brief my high command leaders on the political situation in the state and also seek their guidance, yeddyurappa told reporters after a meeting of ministers and senior leaders he had convened at his private residence here.
yeddyurappa who called on senior leaders like l k advani,arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj in the last two days in delhi said he had sought suggestions and guidance from them.
the chief minister is under attack from opposition parties which are demanding his resignation in the wake of governor h r bhardwaj giving sanction to prosecute him on allegations of corruption.
he appealed to congress and jds to cooperate with the government during the budget session,seeking their help in conducting the legislature proceedings.
opposition parties disrupted the last session demanding resignation by yeddyurappa government over the allegations of land scams it faced.
top ministers of the nda government were today conspicuous by their absence from the lok sabha during the question hour.
prime miniser narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were seen in the rajya sabha.
but the front row of the lok sabha treasury benches occupied by heavy weights like arun jaitley, nitin gadkari, rajnath singh, swaraj and modi was empty.
bjp veteran l k advani, who also occupies the front row, walked in late during the question hour, while another party senior murli manohar joshi was also not present.
it was a rare sight as at least one of the top ministers is usually present during question hour.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday met the family members of 39 indian men missing in iraq since june 2014 in delhi.
she told them that a source of the government in iraq had information about a group of indian men holed up in a church in an area of mosul that is yet to be liberated from is militants.
the family members, who were meeting her for the first time since october 2016, wanted to know what efforts the government was taking to locate the missing men now that most of mosul had been liberated.
she told us that iraqi forces had recaptured 90 per cent of the area and the indian men were in the area that was yet to be freed from is militants, said gurpinder kaur, sister of one of the missing men, manjinder singh, after the meeting, which lasted about 45 minutes.
the minister told them that the indian men most likely belong to the group of 39, who are believed to have been abducted by is militants on june 11, 2014.
a note from indias consul general in erbil, deepak miglani, was read out for the families which referred to the sources information learning the exact location of the indian men.
the families were also told that mea secretary (economic relations) amar sinha and joint secretary (gulf) mridul kumar had gone to iraq in connection with the issue.
swaraj was the keynote speaker at a banquet at the city hall here marking the 125th anniversary of the day when on june 7, 1893, mohandas karamchand gandhi, a young lawyer then, was thrown off a train compartment reserved for whites only.
she said the two leaders gave hope to the enslaved people of this world, whether under colonialism or apartheid.
it was in pietermaritzburg that hope was redefined by two of the greatest leaders of our times.
they gave hope to the developing countries, especially india and african nations, by finally freeing them from the yoke of colonialism.
she quoted mandela when he officially unveiled a statue of gandhi here 25 years ago, in his speech, mandela said now more than ever is the time when we have to pay heed to the lessons of mahatma gandhi.
swaraj lauded the role of indian-origin south africans in the struggle for freedom.
the history of south africa is full of tales of individuals who gave up their today for a better tomorrow.
the story of the people of indian-origin is a story of undaunted determination and courage, as they made sacrifices in south africas long struggle against colonialism and apartheid, she said.
swaraj recalled the support that india provided to south africa at international forums during its struggle against apartheid.
india was the first country to sever trade relations with the apartheid government in 1946, and subsequently imposed a complete diplomatic, commercial, cultural and sports embargo on south africa.
the african national congress maintained a representative office in new delhi from the 1960 onwards.
and at the end of apartheid, india immediately re-established relations with south africa in 1993.
since then there have been a steady consolidation of our close and friendly ties with south africa, both bilaterally and through brics, ibsa and other regional and multilateral fora, she said.
swaraj also highlighted the participation by south african youth in various programmes run by india.
youth are our emissaries for the future.
i am happy to learn that in 2017-18, 28 young men and women from south africa visited india through the know india programme.
last year, 48 south african went on the itec and iccr african scholarship programmes to india, the minister said.
the world is a better place because of us.
the world has much to gain from us.
the world looks up to us to provide leadership.
she asserted.
b'frank-walter steinmeier frank-walter steinmeiergerman president frank-walter steinmeier will visit india from march 22 to 25 to strengthen bilateral ties.
this will be his first visit to india as the president of germany after the angela merkel government took charge in berlin on march 14.
a statement issued by the german embassy said: the german head of state will talk with prime minister (narendra) modi and other high-ranking politicians, such as vice president venkaiah naidu and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
steinmeier will also hold talks with representatives of indian civil society, science and industry, the statement said.
during the visit, steinmeier will be accompanied by a ceo delegation, indologists and a media delegation.
he will be officially welcomed by president ram nath kovind and his wife in new delhi.
apart from delhi, steinmeier will also visit varanasi and chennai.
indias relationship with germany is amongst our foremost relations, bilaterally and in global context.
after having established strategic partnership since 2000, successive governments on the two sides have endeavoured to broaden and deepen this relationship.
this has found expression in having biennial summit level inter-governmental consultations (igc), which germany has with select countries only, a statement issued by the ministry of external affairs said.
according to the mea statement, indias current priorities in most areas match with german expertise, such as renewable energy, skills development, smart city, water and waste management, cleaning of rivers, railways, etc.
these could be synergised for tangible, result-oriented outcomes, it said.
germany is indias largest trading partner in europe and the sixth largest trading partner in the world, while india was ranked 24th in germanys global trade.
in 2016-17, the bilateral trade turnover was us$ 18.
76 billion.
in 2016-17, india exported goods worth us$ 7.
18 billion to germany and imported goods worth us$ 11.
58 billion.
germany is the seventh largest foreign direct investor in india.
cumulative german fdi in india from april 2000 to december 2017 is $10.
71 billion or 2.
91per cent of total fdi.
there are over 15,000 indian students in germany and around 800 german students are doing their internship or studying in india (2017).
the number of indian nationals in germany is 108,000 (german ministry of interior, 2017) and the number of pios in germany is about 73,000, mainly comprising of technocrats, small businessmen/traders and nurses.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)addressing the indian ocean conference through video conferencing external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday said india is focusing on developing an architecture that strengthens culture of cooperation to effectively combat trans-national challenges.
we are focusing on developing an architecture that strengthens culture of cooperation to effectively combat trans-national challenges, she said.
the external affairs minister joined was also present at the conference through video conferencing.
union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari echoed the view of prime minister narendra modi on the blue economy.
prime ministers vision of blue economy is important for our nation.
under sagarmala project prime minister narendra modi has selected 173 projects with huge investment of 60 billion dollars by 2020, gadkari said.
with the party all set to roll out its poll campaign on tuesday,bjp leaders are scrambling for tickets.
they have ordered billboards with photographs alongside narendra modi and have approached top leaders to inaugurate works in their areas,all in the hope of securing tickets for the assembly elections.
one of the ticket hopefuls told newsline he was confident that the party would deny tickets to some sitting mlas and those who were defeated in the last municipal elections.
i used to put up hoardings earlier to greet residents during festivals.
but i never used modis photograph.
now that he is the partys candidate for the office of prime minister,i have ordered new hoardings.
these have his photographs, a ticket hopeful from east delhi said.
all along the highway to ghaziabad,modi billboards have sprung up,replacing ones that showed delhi bjp president vijay goel.
senior councillors,who are making a serious bid for tickets to the assembly,have gone on an inauguration spree.
trying to get as many works inaugurated before distribution of poll tickets,most councillors are unveiling at least two projects a day.
we believe it is time to showcase what we have done in our areas.
by inviting senior leaders to do the honours,we get to interact.
they start recognising our work,and this improves our chances.
rallying area residents for the event also helps us, one of the councillors said.
senior leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj,rajnath singh and arun jaitley are in great demand.
a man from bihar has been languishing in a jail in saudi arabia for over 15 years, and his family, unable to pay a punishment sum of over rs 1 crore to secure his release, has now approached external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help.
mohammed irfan, 42, was arrested for allegedly committing theft of medicines from a local government warehouse in jeddah in january 2000 and since then he has been in jail, according to a december 21, 2016 correspondence between the ministry of external affairs and national commission for minorities (ncm) member praveen davar.
watch what else is making newsirfan was arrested for allegedly violating two saudi rights  public and private.
while irfan, who hails from bihars piplawan village, has served imprisonment of 18 months under public right, he continues to be in prison for not fulfilling private right, under which he is required to pay a penalty amount of around rs 1.
29 crore (7,11,562 saudi riyals).
according to a public court in jeddah, irfan must pay the amount to the saudi health ministry for allegedly stealing medicines from the warehouse of its medical supply department, where he used to work as an air-conditioner technician.
irfan is accused of selling the medicines to mansoor ali hakeem, a bangladeshi national, and transmitting cost of the medicines.
given the prevalent rules/laws of the kingdom of saudi arabia, no one can exempt/waive or commute punishment awarded under private right except the affected party, the correspondence from the office of minister of state for external affairs m j akbar said.
the matter was taken up several times with the saudi authorities concerned in the past, but no positive reply has been received till now in this regard, it said.
irfans father shakeel ahmed and his brother istekhar visited jeddah during february-march, last year to enquire about the case and to meet him, the documents said.
istekhar, who is said to have shifted with the family to phulwari shareef village now from piplawan, though told pti that it was not him or his father but his cousin who had met irfan.
b'dubbing the move of the jammu and kashmir government and the centre to prevent bjp leaders from hoisting the national flag in srinagar as criminal,bjp on wednesday said the party could move the court against the unconstitutional and illegal stand taken by the state administration.
what has happened in j-k to deal with bjps campaign to hoist the national flag at lal chowk is something which is totally indefensible.
it is illegal and criminal.
i think we should knock at the doors of the courts in respect of some of (these issues), party veteran l k advani said in new delhi.
he said the way special trains carrying bjp workers to jammu and srinagar were either cancelled or diverted had not happened even during the emergency.
advani was addressing a gathering of bjp workerrs to felicitate leaders of opposition in the lok sabha and rajya sabha sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley respectively,and ananth kumar who had participated in the ekta yatra undertaken by the partys youth wing.
advani also questioned the way the three bjp leaders were issued externment orders and forced to leave jammu.
under no law people can be deported under prohibitory orders, he said.
he said the onus to explain the ban imposed on bjp leaders to unfurl the national flag at lal chowk was on both the centre and the state government.
referring to his conversation with prime minister manmohan singh on the issue a couple of days ago,he said he had questioned the move of bundling out bjp leaders from jammu.
how can this happen,i told the prime minister, the bjp leader said.
he claimed the stand of the congress government had become clear during the emergency.
now that stand has come out in the open again, bjp parliamentary party chairman said.
he said the issue of corruption and black money stashed abroad were related to the upa government and it was time these issues were debated at the national fora.
b'the two-year-old boy from pakistan went an operation at noidas jaypee hospital last week.
(representational photo) the two-year-old boy from pakistan went an operation at noidas jaypee hospital last week.
(representational photo)more than eight months after a two-year-old boy from pakistan was diagnosed with a congenital heart condition at a karachi hospital, the child underwent an operation at noidas jaypee hospital last week after he and his family were granted visas.
the childs father, jawwad fahim (32), said, doctors at aga khan hospital had recommended a doctor at jaypee hospital.
after 8-10 months, through various channels which included writing to indias external affairs ministry and minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, visas were granted to my son, wife and mewe were lucky; there are several other children who are in dire need of medical treatment but cannot avail it due to visa issues.
the surgery took place on monday and my son, maeir bashir, has been taken off ventilator support.
he will be in the icu for two-three days before being moved to the general ward.
doctors said his progress has been good, said fahim, who runs a shoe retail store in karachi.
on getting a visa, he said, it is not easy to get one.
during my stay so far, i have not faced even a hint of discrimination from people.
the distance between the two countries will be shortened if medical visas are granted.
doctors told me about a child who was operated here in 2016.
the childs condition has been deteriorating rapidly in the past few months.
if another surgery is not performed, the situation might become very grave.
i hope he gets the same attention we did, he said.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray shiv sena chief uddhav thackerayshiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on wednesday demanded strict action against pakistan where a court awarded death penalty to indian national kulbhushan jadhav.
a pakistani military court on monday awarded death sentence to jadhav after declaring him a spy.
merely expressing feelings or threatening pakistan of consequences will not work now.
now is the time for direct action to teach them a permanent lesson.
jadhav has to be brought back at the earliest, thackeray told reporters at his residence matoshree in suburban bandra.
he said the sena was criticised when it protested the welcoming of pakistani politicians and artistes in india, but after events such as the awarding of death penalty to jadhav, the nationalism of people suddenly springs up.
notably, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj yesterday made a statement in both the houses of parliament, asserting that india will go out of way to ensure justice to jadhav who is an innocent kidnapped indian.
asked about the fate of sena-bjp relations after his party attended the nda constituents meet in new delhi earlier this week, thackeray said, relations are going in the right direction at a snails pace.
the sena chief today felicitated the actors of marathi films ventilator and kasaav which recently won the national award.
i feel proud of marathi artistes.
in future we will hold a marathi film festival for regional movies.
the whole world is felicitating these artistes and it is thus imperative that we felicitate them, he said.
b'pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif pakistan prime minister nawaz sharifkashmir issue will dominate in prime minister nawaz sharifs address to the un general assembly in united nations on wednesday that comes at a time of heightened tensions between india and pakistan following the terror attack in uri.
the general debate of the un general assembly opens tuesday, with us president barack obama making his final appearance as commander-in-chief at the 71st session.
sharif will address world leaders from the unga podium in the morning session on wednesday.
watch video: uri attack: john kerry spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj twice over 2 dayswhile pakistan has raised the kashmir issue at the high-level segments of the general assembly and other un platforms in previous years, sharif appears set to take an even more aggressive stand on kashmir at the world body, having vowed in pakistan to emphatically highlight the issue and the alleged human rights abuses by india.
pakistan will continue to extend moral, diplomatic and political support to kashmiris, sharif had said last week, alleging that atrocities in kashmir had touched extremes.
last year sharif, raising the kashmir issue in the general assembly, had proposed a four-point peace initiative with india on kashmir.
the unga session comes at a time when tensions between the two nations have risen following the uri attack in which the heavily-armed four militants stormed the battalion headquarters of the indian army in the wee hours of sunday, killing 18 jawans and injuring 19 other personnel.
director general military operations (dgmo) ranbir singh has said that the terrorists had certain items that confirm their pakistani identity.
swaraj will address the general assembly on september 26 and a sharp response is expected from her to sharifs rhetoric on kashmir.
eman ahmed weighed around 500 kg when she was flown to mumbai from alexandria two months ago.
source: amit chakravarty eman ahmed weighed around 500 kg when she was flown to mumbai from alexandria two months ago.
source: amit chakravartytwenty days ago, huzaifa shehabi, chief operating officer at saifee hospital, was in his office when bariatric surgeon muffazal lakdawala stepped in for tea.
lakdawala vaguely referred to minor disputes with the sister of eman ahmed, who had weighed around 500 kg when she was flown in from egypt two months ago, over plans of a discharge.
both of them didnt realise it then, but the high-profile surgery was about to take an ugly turn.
last week, what began as a hopeful journey to save eman ahmed abd et aty (36), said to be the worlds heaviest woman, spun into a social media spat between doctors and her sister shaimaa selim that grabbed global attention.
read |for eman ahmeds doctors, its time to go high!
if she had approached me, i would have readily kept eman for longer.
but she chose social media to show her anger, says shehabi.
it was on march 13 that selim (34) saw a news report, which suggested that doctors may send eman back to egypt.
i asked dr muffazal, but he said dont worry, dont worry, selim claims.
by april 1, she was convinced the hospital had used eman for publicity.
the hospital says it spent rs 1 crore on transport for eman from her home in alexandria to mumbai, and rs 1 crore on free treatment.
selim says she left her job as engineer and a two-year-old daughter to see eman walk.
read | emans kin reach out to abu dhabi hospital for her treatmenton march 7, the first bariatric procedure was conducted.
the egyptian had shed 120 kg, and selim hoped six months or a year in hospital would cure her sister.
eman had sleep apnea, hypothyroid, diabetes, hypertension, kidney problems, fluid retention and obesity.
by mid-march, her renal functions were under control, creatinine levels had stabilised from 3.
7 mg/dl to 1 mg/dl, sleep had returned at nights, and a high-protein diet had ensured significant weight loss.
but there were concerns over the eight epileptic seizures eman had suffered in those two months, and the paralysis on the right side of her body.
as april inched closer, lakdawala informed selim that eman was fit to go home, that no hospital keeps a patient for physiotherapy.
she expects that her sister will start walking one day.
i never promised her that.
when eman was brought here, i thought even if she returned home sitting that would be a victory.
we have reached that point, says lakdawala.
for the next few days, selim repeatedly asked doctors to keep eman for a few more months.
there were other concerns.
with no nursing team around, where would she get the four people needed to shift her sister around?
what if eman had another seizure, who would carry her to hospital?
where would the money for future treatment come from?
before the mumbai trip, emans family used to spend 7,000 egyptian pounds (rs 25,000) for her care every month.
her mother, sana selim, held a tailoring job and her father had passed away in 2016.
selim admits that she became hostile, blocking all attempts by the hospital to take emans videos for cheap publicity.
shortly after april 10, she and lakdawala were locked in a bitter fight.
on april 14, she took to social media with a video of eman.
i did that to contradict the claims of doctors that she was completely fit for discharge, she says.
that video took the face-off to the edge.
selim started getting angry with the nursing staff.
and, on the night of april 24, four doctors treating eman took to facebook to tender their resignation as a symbolic protest against selims approach.
this is a special case and there are emotions attached.
i have worked in government hospitals, and patient conflicts are normal.
but this has never happened.
the facebook post was my platform to express my thoughts, says dr nimisha kantharia, consultant surgeon.
the last three weeks have been full of resistance.
emans growth would have been faster if she and her sister had cooperated in physiotherapy, says nephrologist dr hemal shah, adding, until a month ago we were heroes.
meanwhile, emans weight increased, for the first time since she was admitted  from 171 kg to 176.
6 kg on thursday.
even if one medical parameter went off track, we would rush to her side.
as a team, we have been shamed for no fault, says dr neha dhulla, emans nutritionist who was among the four who took to facebook that night.
the egyptian consulate general ahmed khalil tried to resolve the face-off, but the meeting ended in a deadlock.
lakdawala claims he stayed by emans side for three nights when she was unwell.
in return, he says, eman would communicate through google translator, blow kisses and watch bollywood movies  until last month.
eman now complains of constant pain in her legs.
if she continues to remain bed-ridden, what was the point?
the hospital should give her six months and then accept defeat, says selim.
hospital authorities argue that emans anatomical structure will never let her walk.
we have cutting edge in obesity, not in neurology.
we kept our promise and brought her weight down, says shehabi, the coo.
with selim now preparing to shift eman to abu dhabi for treatment under vps healthcare, calls have come in from union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and maharashtras tourism minister jaykumar rawal and health minister deepak sawant.
the hospital has shifted eman to a smaller room.
on tuesday, lakdawala was invited to speak on an egyptian news channel where he was accused of embezzlement of funds.
if i had ruined a patients life, i would understand the familys anger.
but we toiled hard in this case.
instead of gratitude, she has accused the indian medical fraternity, says lakdawala.
in the hospital, guards keep a wary eye on selim, fearing an outburst or a frenzied media at her heels.
and eman remains in her bed on the seventh floor, feeding tubes sustaining her, an oxygen mask pumping life into her at nights.
b'irked by jammu and kashmir government thwarting its flag-hoisting plan,bjp today termed as grand standing omar abdullahs invitation to its leaders to attend the republic day function even as seven party activists were arrested when they made a vain bid to unfurl the national flag in srinagar.
describing as unfortunate the detention of senior leaders arun jaitley,sushma swaraj and ananth kumar in jammu,bjp president nitin gadkari rubbished charges that the party was playing politics over hoisting the national flag.
rubbishing the invitation of abdullah to attend the republic day function,jaitley told pti over phone that how could he join the event when he was under arrest.
we are under custody for the honour of national flag.
that is the way we celebrated the republic day.
many of activists were arrested or detained, he said.
we are under arrest even after the parade was over.
that proves how serious omar abdullah was on the invite.
hundreds of our supporters were still being arrested, jaitley said.
he said many activists tried to hoist the flag at lal chowk today but were arrested.
jaitley said it is grand standing that they were first arrested and than omar hoisted the national flag.
gadkari told reporters on the sidelines of the national flag hoisting function at the party headquarters in delhi,some people say there is politics in hoisting the national flag at lal chowk.
i dont understand what politics can there be in hoisting the flag this is not politics.
gadkari alleged that the centre and omar abdullah government were bowing to pressure from the separatists.
police in srinagar arrested seven bjp activists as they made a vain bid to hoist the national flag at lal chowk which had been turned into a fortress to foil the partys plan.
a lone bjp supporter appeared at regal chowk,less than 100 yards away from clock tower at lal chowk,carrying a national flag at 8.
30 am,officials said.
srikant,a resident of gurgaon in haryana,was apprehended by police personnel before he could make his way to the venue for hoisting the flag.
he was taken to kothibagh police station.
six other bjp activists were arrested near a prominent hotel here for violating prohibitory orders at around 11.
00 am,the officials said.
speaking to reporters in kathua,70 kms from jammu,bjps youth wing national president anurag thakur said omars offer to attend republic day function either in jammu or in srinagar was a mere lip service.
it is a lip service by him (omar).
we do not give credence to it and turn it down, he said.
the chief minister had invited bjp leaders to be a state guest at the r-day functions either in jammu or srinagar.
meanwhile,former party president rajnath singh ended his hunger strike over the issue in delhi this morning after gadkari requested him to do so.
kulwinder, gurdips wife, with her children in nakodar thursday.
express photo kulwinder, gurdips wife, with her children in nakodar thursday.
however, it was not clear why the indian was not executed while four other convicts were put to death by the firing squad.
48-year-old singh was among 10 convicts who were to be executed but were not put to death.
he was found guilty by an indonesian court of trying to smuggle in 300 grams of heroin and was handed death penalty in 2005.
kulwinder, gurdips wife, thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and said that it was because of her intervention that the execution did not happen on friday night.
we want him to be back, she said to news agency ani reporters.
mea spokesperson vikas swarup had on thursday said that indian embassy officials in jakarta were reaching out to the indonesian foreign office and the senior leadership of the country on the issue.
also read | gurdips jalandhar family already in mourningswaraj had said government was making last minute efforts to save singh.
afdhal muhammad, the legal representative of singh was of the view that he can file for presidential clemency under the relevant law before the president of indonesia.
the embassy sent a note verbale to indonesias foreign ministry requesting that all legal recourse should be exhausted before the death penalty is carried out, swarup said.
singh, who hails from jalandhar in punjab, is among 14 people who were facing execution after the authorities decided to resume implementing death penalty.
the decision has been criticised by human rights organisations.
the 14 convicts to be executed included persons from indonesia, nigeria, zimbabwe and pakistan.
watch video: indian national gurdip singh not executed in indonesia, says sushmaswaraj swarajsingh was arrested on august 29, 2004, at the soekarno hatta airport on charges of drug trafficking.
the tangerang court awarded him capital punishment in february 2005, against the prosecutors request for 20 years imprisonment.
his appeal against the death penalty was turned down by the high court of banten in may, 2005.
he then appealed to the supreme court which also upheld his death penalty.
he is presently detained at nusakambangan pasir putih, cilacap.
b'naresh agrawal quit the samajwadi party and formally joined the bjp in new delhi after he lost out his rajya sabha re-nomination to bachchan.
(source: express photo by praveen jain) naresh agrawal quit the samajwadi party and formally joined the bjp in new delhi after he lost out his rajya sabha re-nomination to bachchan.
(source: express photo by praveen jain)after drawing strong criticism for his dance karnewali remark on actor-politcian jaya bachchan, rajya sabha mp naresh agrawal on tuesday expressed his regret, saying he did not intend to hurt anyone, according to ani.
agrawal said, i had said something which was given a different angle by the media.
all i can say is that i didnt intend to hurt anyone.
i express my regret, if it did hurt anyone.
i take back my words.
agrawal quit the samajwadi party and formally joined the bjp in new delhi after he lost out his rajya sabha re-nomination to bachchan.
his term as rajya sabha member ends on april 2.
the seven-time mla from hardoi constituency on monday said that he joined the party because he was bypassed for somebody who danced and worked in films.
aur filmon mein kaam karnewali se meri haisiyat kar di gayi.
ye filmon mein dance karte, apna role karte, unke naam par hamara ticket kata gaya, mein ne isko bahut uchit nahin samjha.
kisi ne bhi isko uchit nahin samjha.
(my status has been equated with women who work in films.
for somebody who used to dance in films, act in films, i was denied a (rajya sabha) ticket.
i did not find it appropriate.
nobody found it appropriate), agrawal said while addressing a press conference in the presence of union minister piyush goyal at the bjp headquarters in new delhi.
naresh agrawal.
(source: express photo by praveen jain) naresh agrawal.
(source: express photo by praveen jain)criticising his remarks, the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: shri naresh agrawal has joined bhartiya janata party.
he is welcome.
however, his comments regarding jaya bachchanji are improper and unacceptable.
bjp leaders admitted that the party was deeply embarrassed by agrawals remarks and that it has taken the sheen off the partys excitement over his shift to the bjp.
nepal president bidya devi bhandari.
nepal president bidya devi bhandari.
nepal president bidya devi bhandari left for india today on her first foreign visit, during which she will hold talks with the top indian leadership to strengthen bilateral ties.
she left for new delhi in a special nepal airlines flight from the tribhuvan international airport in kathmandu.
the tia had yesterday announced a 35-minute flight restriction from 10:30am to 11:05am local time for security reasons.
nepal government has announced a public holiday today to mark her visit.
as per custom, public holidays are announced in nepal whenever the head of the state embarks on an official foreign visit.
april 22, when she returns home, will also be a public holiday in nepal.
she is visiting india at the invitation of president pranab mukherjee and will stay at the rashtrapati bhawan.
it will be bhandaris first official visit abroad after assuming the office in october 2015.
a high-level delegation comprising several ministers and mps is accompanying her.
in the past six months, there have been several high- level visits between nepal and india.
nepal prime minister prachanda visited india twice  in september and october  and president mukherjee visited kathmandu in november.
bhandari, 55, was scheduled to visit india in may last year, but the trip was cancelled after the then cabinet did not endorse her visit programme, citing lack of preparations on the part of the government.
in india, she will hold talks with president mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi tomorrow, exploring ways to expand cooperation between the two neighbours whose ties were strained over the agitation by the madhesi community last year.
vice president hamid ansari, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley will also call on the nepal president.
the bilateral ties between the two countries faced turbulence last year due to the madhesi agitation and the subsequent blockade of border trading points which halted the supply of essential goods to landlocked nepal from india.
madhesis, mostly of indian-origin, had been demanding that the new constitution be amended to include their concerns about adequate political representation and redrawing of federal boundaries.
meas joint secretary (north) sudhakar dalela said in new delhi yesterday that bhandaris visit will reflect the priority that india attaches to strengthen the age-old and unique partnership with nepal, shared cultural and historical linkages, and strong people-to-people relationship.
tomorrow, she will attend a business event organised by industry chambers cii, ficci and assocham.
she is also scheduled to visit gujarat and odisha and pay obeisance at temples of dwarka, somnath and puri.
bexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express photo by amit mehra) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(express photo by amit mehra)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday was admitted to the countrys premier all india institutes of medical sciences (aiims).
according to sources at aiims, she was admitted to the old private ward of pulmonary medicine department around 5 pm.
share this article related article sushmaswaraj swaraj out of icu, to be discharged in 7-10 days: aiimssushma swaraj out of icu, to be discharged in 7-10 days: aiims sushmaswaraj swaraj's kidney transplant at aiims successful, likely to be discharged in a weeksushma swaraj's kidney transplant at aiims successful, likely to be discharged in a week sushmaswaraj swaraj undergoes kidney transplant at aiimssushma swaraj undergoes kidney transplant at aiims sushmaswaraj swaraj ends speculation on health: kidney failure, in hospital for transplant testssushma swaraj ends speculation on health: kidney failure, in hospital for transplant tests sushmaswaraj swaraj admitted to aiimssushma swaraj admitted to aiims sushmaswaraj swaraj's health now stable, likely to be discharged soonaround 10 pm, sixty-four-year-old swaraj was shifted to the cardio-neuro centre of the hospital.
a senior doctor said her condition was stable.
however, the nature of her illness was not known.
b'in a bid to establish its presence in the north-east ahead of the assam assembly polls,the bjp today began its national executive meeting here with the partys top leadership focusing on corruption,price rise and development of the region.
the two-day meet,held in the north-east for the first time,was inaugurated by party president nitin gadkari in the presence of senior leaders l k advani,sushma swaraj and arun jaitley.
the closed-door meeting is being attended by 350 delegates with chief ministers of seven bjp ruled states,former party president venkaiah naidu,partys assam in-charge varun gandhi,former rajya sabha deputy chairperson najma heptulla,partys mahila morcha president and television actress smriti irani,former rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje scindia among others.
chief ministers narendra modi (gujarat),b s yeddyurappa (karnataka),shivraj singh (madhya pradesh),arjun munda (jharkhand),raman kumar (chattisgarh),r p nishank (uttarakhand) and p k dhumal (himachal pradesh) were present in the meeting.
bangladesh has nearly 11 lakh rohingya refugees, while india has an estimated 40,000 scattered across various states.
(ap photo/manish swarup) bangladesh has nearly 11 lakh rohingya refugees, while india has an estimated 40,000 scattered across various states.
(ap photo/manish swarup)emphasising the need for a sustainable repatriation of rohingya muslims to myanmar, bangladesh today expressed concern about their possible radicalisation, saying refugee camps all over the world are a good breeding ground for extremism.
bangladesh high commissioner to india syed muazzem ali said unless the refugee problem is addressed, it will be difficult to make any significant progress on connectivity under the bay of bengal initiative for multi-sectoral technical and economic cooperation (bimstec), which involves bangladesh, india, myanmar, sri lanka, thailand, bhutan and nepal.
bangladesh has nearly 11 lakh rohingya refugees, while india has an estimated 40,000 scattered across various states.
we would like that there is sustainable repatriation of the rohingya people and they should be allowed to lead a normal life like many others because there are chances of radicalisation.
as you know refugee camps all over the world is a good breeding ground for radicalisation and naturally for our own common security we want this to be controlled as soon as possible, he said.
the high commissioner was speaking to reporters at an event organised at the indian women press corps in new delhi.
he said the bimstec summit is expected to be held in november.
on the bimstec, unless and until we resolve the refugee problem, we will not be able to make significant progress on the connectivity question.
it is a common desire to build connectivity between india, bangladesh with southeast asian region and that would first require passing through myanmar, he said.
connectivity between south asia and southeast asia is a crucial aspect of bimstec.
he said india has significantly modified its stand on the rohingya issue and shown much greater importance to their repatriation.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her visit to myanmar earlier this month, convoyed to the myanmarese leadership that india is ready to help the buddhist nation for safe, speedy and sustainable return of the displaced rohingya muslims.
myanmar and bangladesh have reached a deal for the return of the rohingya people that sidelined the un refugee agency.
according to the agreement finalised in myanmars capital nay pyi daw last year, a two-year deadline has been set for the repatriation of the rohingya people.
bangladesh also urged india to increase pressure on myanmar on the issue.
as a regional power, we want india to play a significant role.
india is also the single-largest donor, he said.
on the south asian association for regional cooperation, he said various options are being discussed to hold the next saarc summit.
the 2016 saarc summit was to be held in islamabad.
but after the terrorist attack on an indian army camp in uri in jammu and kashmir on september 18 that year, india expressed its inability to participate in the summit due to prevailing circumstances and stepped up diplomatic pressure on pakistan.
nineteen indian soldiers died in the attack.
the summit was called off after bangladesh, bhutan and afghanistan also declined to participate in the meet in islamabad.
the maldives and sri lanka are the seventh and eighth members of the initiative.
the govt escalated the matter to amazon ceo jeff bezos.
the govt escalated the matter to amazon ceo jeff bezos.
indias reaction to an amazon.com website selling doormats resembling the countrys flag involved an unprecedented public and private offensive against the u.s. company by prime minister narendra modis government, a document shows.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj publicly threatened in january to rescind visas of amazon employees if the doormats were not removed from its canadian website.
but a document seen by reuters shows the government went even further in private, asking its u.s. and canadian embassies to raise the matter strongly with amazons senior leadership.
india also escalated the matter to amazon ceo jeff bezos and prompted a global audit by the company to ensure that such products are not listed on any of its other websites around the world, according to the document.
amazon, which removed the products within 24 hours and apologised to the government, declined to comment.
much is at stake for amazon in india, where it plans to invest more than $5 billion as it takes on home-grown flipkart <ipo-flpk.
n> and snapdeal for a bigger share of the internet services market in the worlds fastest growing major economy.
amazon has now made indian laws that govern the use of the national flag and other emblems an integral part of the global compliance process, the document said, outlining the steps amazon and india have taken since the incident.
indias reaction underscores the risks governments run by nationalist leaders are posing for businesses around the world.
u.s. president donald trump, for example, has also taken an aggressive stance on twitter against individual companies.
last year, modi presented a global leadership award to bezos at a u.s.-india business council summit in washington.
amazon told the government that it had strengthened its in-house compliance units that monitor products sold by third-party vendors on its websites, the document said.
amazon india has conveyed that it is fully committed to respecting indian laws and customs, the document said.
filmmaker karan johar filmmaker karan joharfilmmaker karan johar may have indias tardy legislative process to thank for the birth of his twins, yash and roohi, through surrogacy.
born seven months after the union cabinet passed, and three months after the lok sabha saw the introduction of a bill that forbids anyone but married couples from availing of the services of a surrogate mother, that too only for altruistic reasons, the twins father would certainly not have been able to legally become one had the bill been passed by parliament.
johar is single and has long battled allegations about his sexual orientation, a subject he dealt with in his recently released memoir.
that is why they are not allowed to commission babies through surrogacy.
this position is contrarian to that of the government on adoption.
it allows single parents to adopt children, and stood its ground despite opposition from organisations like missionaries of charity.
the surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, that was introduced in the lok sabha in november last year allows surrogacy only for indian citizens who are married for at least five years, are aged between 23 to 50 for women and 26 to 55 years for men, provided they do not have any living child, biological or otherwise.
a child who is mentally or physically challenged or suffers from a life threatening disease does not count.
the bill is currently with the parliamentary standing committee for health and family welfare to which it was referred in january.
it has three months to deliberate on it.
the bills provisions rule out cases like that of johars friend shah rukh khan, whose son abram was born of surrogacy though he already had two other children.
actor aamir khan too availed of the services of a surrogate mother with second wife kiran though he has two children from his first marriage.
the provisions in the proposed law are similar to uks human fertilisation and embryology act 1990 and the surrogacy arrangements act that too bans commercial surrogacy.
neither allows single parenthood.
johar, though, has got away by more than a whisker as the bill only comes into effect 10 months after it is notified.
adnan sami was granted indian citizenship in 2016.
(file) adnan sami was granted indian citizenship in 2016.
(file)noted singer adnan sami has claimed that his staff members were mistreated and called indian dogs by immigration officials at an airport in kuwait, where he had gone for a live performance.
sami, who was granted indian citizenship in 2016, tweeted about the incident to the indian embassy in kuwait.
subsequently, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took cognizance of the matter.
@indembkwt we came 2 ur city wt luv & our indian brethren embraced us with it.
u gave no support.
kuwaiti airport immigration mistreated my staff 4 no reason & called thm indian dogs!
wn u wr contacted u did nothing!
!
how dare d kuwaitis behave like this with arrogance?
!
pic.
twitter.com/9opfupitw1  adnan sami (@adnansamilive) may 6, 2018we came to your city with love and our indian brethren embraced us with it.
you gave no support.
kuwaiti airport immigration mistreated my staff for no reason and called them indian dogs!
when you were contacted, you did nothing!
how dare the kuwaitis behave like this with arrogance, adnan tweeted to the indian embassy in kuwait.
thank you so much for your concern my dear.
@sushmaswaraj is a lady full of heart & she is in touch with me & is looking after our people.
.
im so proud that she is our foreign minister & looks after us all over the world.
http://t.
co/2kjciyrg6f  adnan sami (@adnansamilive) may 6, 2018the british-born singer also tagged union home affairs minister rajnath singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the external affairs minister, who has built a reputation of acting quickly on matters related to indians in distress in foreign countries, asked the singer to contact her on phone.
later, minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju wrote to sami, assuring him that the most dynamic sushmaswaraj swaraj was looking into the matter.
sami later tweeted: thank you so much for your concern my dear.
sushma swaraj is a lady full of heart and she is in touch with me and is looking after our people.
im so proud that she is our foreign minister and looks after us all over the world.
b'file photo of home minister rajnath singh file photo of home minister rajnath singhhome minister rajnath singh chaired a high-level meeting attended by defence minister manohar parrikar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and road transport minister nitin gadkari at his residence on saturday evening to discuss the situation arising out of the violent jat protests in haryana, and necessary measures to stop incidents of violence and arson in the state.
army chief general dalbir singh, national security advisor ajit doval, director of intelligence bureau dineshwar sharma, and union home secretary rajiv mehrishi also attended the meeting that went on for around an hour.
the ministers and top officials took stock of the violence in several districts of haryana and discussed the future course of action to restore normalcy in the affected areas, a government official said.
visuals of the jat agitationseparately, a delegation of jat leaders from uttar pradesh met the home minister on saturday and urged him to take urgent steps to meet their demands of reservation.
according to sources, the delegation told singh that the jat community in haryana and states like uttar pradesh were facing problems because they were deprived of benefits.
they said they expected the bjp government in haryana and the nda government at the centre to meet their demands on reservation.
according to officials, singh heard the delegation out, and assured them that the government would do its best to address their grievances.
b'suggestions that the recent cabinet changes were all about performance are not quite correct; there were other factors as well.
smriti iranis downfall came about largely because she had alienated most of her cabinet colleagues, including those handling the hrd in the pmo.
amit shah was among those who did not approve of her arrogance, and party leaders were surprised that on occasion, she dropped the prime ministers name while speaking to the media.
in contrast, najma heptullas eid was extra joyful this year as she was allowed to retain her cabinet berth although she has crossed the age of 75, supposedly the retirement age for modi ministers.
heptullas strength lies in her ability to please all sections and not get into arguments and controversies.
some saw arun jaitley losing the information and broadcasting ministry as a sign of his diminishing clout; in fact, jaitley even now has too much on his plate: in addition to finance and corporate affairs, he heads nearly 70 per cent of all gom (group of ministers) committees.
his former deputy, jayant sinha, was shifted from finance to civil aviation not because of his own fault or that of his high-profile wife (who is a global investor and an independent director on boards of several companies), but because his father, bjp dissident yashwant sinha, continues to needle the modi government.
just a fortnight ago, the former external affairs minister had questioned the need for india to seek nsg membership.
sadananda gowda was moved out of the ministry of law and justice because despite repeated requests, he continued to spend most of his time in his home state of karnataka rather than in delhi.
dwindling estatemos for external affairs v k singh has found to his fury that his duties have steadily dwindled over the last two years.
he first lost charge of doner (development of the north east region) portfolio to the pmo.
then his minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, took back the overseas indian affairs portfolio as she felt it should be merged with the mea.
in the latest reshuffle, the ministry of statistics and programme implementation, of which singh was in charge, has gone to sadananda gowda.
whatever is left with singh, which is precious little, he has to share with the new mos, m j akbar.
tweet tweetbefore the oath-taking ceremony at rashtrapati bhavan, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that the media should not make headlines about the fact that she was missing from the ceremony.
she had to attend a meeting with the hungarian foreign minister and therefore could not be present.
this did not convince the combative former diplomat, k c singh, who tweeted that surely swaraj could have postponed her meeting by an hour.
quid pro quopriyanka vadra had previously invariably declined requests to campaign outside the family pocket-boroughs of rae bareli and amethi in uttar pradesh.
she now seems willing to reconsider her decision and use her considerable electoral appeal to solicit votes in all parts of the state.
this is ascribed in sections of the congress to her gratitude.
the party has changed its position on her husband and his companies.
congress spokespersons have always taken the line that vadra was a private individual and had nothing to do with the party, but now, with the dhingra commission of inquiry soon to release its report, the congress has taken the stand that vadra is being harassed because he is a member of the gandhi family.
even before the report is out, congress politicians have begun questioning the impartiality of justice dhingras appointment.
delhi pulls stringsin the recent cabinet reshuffle in madhya pradesh, yashodhara scindia, the sister of rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, was demoted from minister of industries and commerce to youth and sports.
scindia, one of the few ministers in shivraj singh chouhans cabinet who is fluent in english and at ease in western societies, was an able envoy for her state seeking overseas investments.
the cm was also pleased with her performance, which makes her transfer puzzling.
another indication that there was an anti-scindia slant to the reshuffle was that jaibhan singh pawaiya, former national convenor of the bajrang dal, was inducted into chouhans cabinet.
pawaiya is a known scindia family baiter and has contested elections against both madhavrao scindia and jyotiraditya scindia.
it seems that the cabinet reshuffle was planned from delhi, by forces inimical to the members of the former ruling family of gwalior.
b'the prime ministers remarks came a day after jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met him and presented a three-pronged action plan that includes dialogue with all stakeholders.
(pti photo) the prime ministers remarks came a day after jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met him and presented a three-pronged action plan that includes dialogue with all stakeholders.
(pti photo)in a fresh bid to reach out to people of the valley, prime minister narendra modi on sunday said ekta (unity) and mamata (love) are the basic mantras for addressing kashmir problem even as he slammed those pushing innocent children to violence, saying they will have to answer them some day.
seeking to strike a chord with the people of kashmir, he said if any life is lost in the valley, whether of any youth or any securityman, that loss is ours, of our own, of our own country.
speaking on the unrest in the valley in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat, modi said, from the interactions i had with all parties on kashmir, one thing emerged from those, which can be put in simple words as ekta and mamata.
these two things were the basic mantra.
he said all the political parties had spoken in one voice on kashmir, sending out a message to the world as well as separatist forces besides conveying our sentiments to the people of kashmir.
he equated it to the passage of landmark gst bill by parliament for which all the parties came together, saying it showed that big tasks can be achieved by walking jointly.
it is the view of all of us, the view of 125 crore people from a pradhan of a village to the prime minister, that if any life is lost in kashmir, whether of any youth or any securityman, that loss is ours, our own country, modi said.
at the same time, he slammed those people who push small children to try to create unrest in kashmir, saying some day, they will have to give answers to these innocent children.
the prime ministers remarks came a day after jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti met him and presented a three-pronged action plan that includes dialogue with all stakeholders.
this country is very big, full of diversities.
to keep it united, it is the responsibility of all of us, as individual citizens, as a society and as a government, to strengthen the unity as much as we can, highlight it as much as we can.
only then can the nation achieve its bright future.
i have confidence in the power of 125 crore people of the country, he said in the 23rd edition of his programme.
during the 35-minute programme, he also talked about the rio olympics and hailed the girl power as he referred to medal winners  shuttler p v sindhu and wrestler sakshi.
he also hailed gymnast dipa karmakar, who narrowly missed a medal.
he said indian participants in other events like hockey, shooting and boxing also performed well.
but my countrymen, we need to do a lot more.
but if we continue doing what we have been doing, then perhaps we will again be disappointed, he said while mentioning about thousands of messages to him from people who wanted him to speak on the subject of sports in view of poor performance in rio olympics as they were badly disappointed.
in the context of olympics, the prime minister referred to his recent announcement to form a task force under which the government will go deep into the subject, study the best practices in the world and prepare a roadmap for the next three olympic games in 2020, 2024 and 2028.
we have to formulate a long-term programme, he said.
he asked state governments also to form such committees so that impetus could be given to sports.
he said states can also send their suggestions to the centre in this regard.
he said associations linked to sports should also do brain-storming in an unbiased manner.
modi invited even individual citizens, with interest in sports, to write to him or the government.
we should do all preparations and i am confident that the country of 125 crore people, 65 per cent of them youth, will move ahead with this resolve, he said.
he also paid rich tributes to hockey legend dhyan chand on the eve of his birthday.
in the programme, he also spoke about the upcoming event to grant sainthood to mother teresa on september 4 which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he also talked about teacher-student relationship in the context of upcoming teachers day on september 5, efforts to clean river ganga, swacch bharat abhiyan, eco-friendly ganesh immersion and the recent launch of akashvani maitri radio channel under which content will be shared in bengali by west bengal and bangladesh.
in the context of launch of akashvani maitri channel by president pranab mukherjee recently, modi said india has always maintained that its relations with neighbours should be deep and easy as well as lively.
he also made a mention of an 84-year-old retired woman teacher, who had written to him, mentioning about her giving up lpg subsidy and donating rs 50,000 for women who still use firewood.
he talked about floods in various parts of the country and said efforts are being made by local authorities as well as the central government to provide help to the victims.
speaking about the power of unity, modi said, in august 2016, parties having intense political rivalry, parties which do not let go any chance to attack the other, all came together to pass the gst bill.
there are 90 parties in all, he said.
in the context of teachers day, he showered praise on p gopichand, a renowned badminton player and coach of p v sindhu, saying he is a shining example of a good teacher who gets deeply involved in his pupils performance.
he said he would not be able to participate in teachers day events this year as he would be travelling for g-20 summit in china.
narendra modi said there was broad convergence of views and interests between the two countries.
(source: ap)president barack obama is looking forward to a summit with prime minister narendra modi in september to set an ambitious new agenda to chart a new course in the bilateral ties, top us functionaries john kerry and penny pritzker said on friday.
kerry, us secretary of state, and pritzker, secretary of commerce, conveyed this during a meeting here with modi who said the two countries should prepare for concrete outcomes during the summit to take the relationship to an entirely new level on the basis of vision, strategy and action plan.
modi is expected to travel to washington in september-end for his first summit meeting with obama.
during the hour-long meeting, the two visiting secretaries briefed the prime minister on the india-us strategic dialogue that took place in delhi on thursday.
conveying that obama attaches great priority to relations with india, both for bilateral cooperation and global partnership, they said he looks forward to a productive and fruitful summit in september to set an ambitious new agenda to chart a new course in the relationship, a pmo statement said.
modi said there was broad convergence of views and interests between the two countries.
he conveyed his appreciation for obamas thoughtful and detailed letter and asked both sides to prepare for concrete outcomes during the summit to take the relationship to an entirely new level, on the basis of vision, strategy and action plan, the statement said.
modi outlined his vision for india and for the partnership between the world`s two largest democracies in addressing global challenges, promoting peace and stability in the world and supporting india`s own economic transformation.
the prime minister highlighted the opportunities for partnership in trade, investment, clean energy, innovation, education, skill development, agro-processing, youth empowerment, among others.
modi emphasised the need for developed countries to understand the challenges of poverty in developing countries and their governments responsibilities in addressing them,when discussions take place in international forums.
the prime minister also talked about the regional situation, including indias engagement in asia pacific region and commitment to bring south asia together in a united effort to promote regional economic development.
indias commitment to continue its support to afghanistan and the need to confront terrorism on the principles of zero tolerance and eschewing a selective approach to terrorism was also highlighted by modi during the meeting with kerry and pritzker.
the prime minister thanked kerry and pritzker for visiting india for the strategic dialogue although it was the turn of the us to host it.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, principal secretary nripendra misra, national security adviser ajit doval and foreign secretary sujatha singh and other officials were present at the meeting, the pmo statement said.
afghanistans minister for foreign affairs salahuddin rabbani (reuters/files) afghanistans minister for foreign affairs salahuddin rabbani (reuters/files)afghanistan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani monday assured newly appointed indian ambassador vinay kumar that afghan security forces will not spare any effort to ensure the safety and secure the release of seven indian nationals who were abducted in northern baghlan province.
rabbani, who met kumar in his office, also spoke about efforts initiated through community elders to help secure their release.
the seven indians, employed with indian power company kec international, were abducted sunday by suspected taliban gunmen in northern afghanistan.
no group has publicly claimed responsibility for the abduction.
but baghlan governor abdulhai nemati was quoted by local media as saying that a taliban group has communicated to authorities through local residents that the indians had been mistaken for government staff.
also read | seven indians abducted in afghanistan, taliban role suspectedin a statement, afghanistans foreign ministry said, at the outset, foreign minister rabbani expressed grief and sorrow over the abduction of indian engineers in baghlan province and said that the afghan security forces will not spare any efforts to protect the physical safety and secure the release of these engineers.
he also mentioned that efforts have been initiated through the community elders to help secure their release.
the statement came a day after rabbani spoke over telephone with external minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the abduction.
rabbani in the conversation assured the indian external affairs minister that the afghan security forces would not spare any efforts in rescuing and ensuring the security and safety of the engineers, the afghan statement said.
also read | from infrastructure to education, indias $2-billion role in afghanistanaccording to local reports, the kec employees were abducted by armed men in bagh-e-shamal village, while they were travelling to the area where the company has a contract to operate an electricity sub-station.
governor nemati told tolonews that the taliban group had moved the kec employees to dand-e-shahabuddin area of pul-e-khomri city, which is the provincial capital.
this is the third case of abduction of indians in afghanistan in the last four years.
in july 2016, indian aid worker judith dsouza was rescued more than a month after she was kidnapped in kabul.
in june 2014, father alexis prem kumar, a roman catholic priest, was abducted by unidentified gunmen in heart, and released in february 2015.
between 2003 and 2008, three indians were kidnapped and released.
however, two indians were also killed after they were abducted.
kec, a global infrastructure engineering, procurement and construction major, is one of the largest indian companies in afghanistan, and is responsible for electricity supply in the country.
in 2013, it signed a contract with afghanistan for the construction of a 220 kv d/c transmission line from a substation at chimtala to a proposed 220 kv substation southwest of kabul to supply electricity to the townships of qala-e-mohib, chel dakhtaran.
once this project and the substation is completed, electricity will be provided to 40,000 households and businesses, the afghan government said in a statement.
incidentally, afghan foreign minister rabbanis father, burhanuddin rabbani, was the countrys president after the taliban government was toppled in november 2001.
he was also head of afghanistans high peace council, which had been formed in 2010 to initiate talks with the taliban and other groups until his assassination in 2011.
b'external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and general vk singh in new delhi on sunday.
(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and general vk singh in new delhi on sunday.
(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)two days after foreign secretary s jaishankar wound up a quiet two-day visit to china, where he met chinese foreign minister wang yi, india on sunday suggested that its chances of joining the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) may have brightened.
china is not opposing membership of india in nsg, it is only talking of criteria and procedure.
watch video: whats making newsi think that there is a consensus which is being made and i am sure that india will become the member of the nsg this year, she said, adding that membership to the nsg was crucial for indias energy policy.
i am in contact with 23 nations, one or two have raised concerns, but i think consensus is there, said swaraj.
the issue of indias membership will be discussed at a plenary meeting of the elite group on june 23-24 in seoul.
government sources told the indian express that during jaishankars visit on june 16-17, chinese officials were receptive and listened to what he had to say.
but, we will not oppose the entry of any nation to the nsg.
earlier, ministry of external affairs (mea) spokesperson vikas swarup confirmed that jaishankar visited beijing on june 16-17 for bilateral consultations with his chinese counterpart.
all major issues, including indias nsg membership, were discussed, swarup said.
china has strongly opposed indias application for nsg membership, saying that new delhi is not a signatory to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt), while india has showcased its impeccable track record on nuclear non-proliferation.
over the last few weeks, india has made a determined push to get member countries of the nsg onboard, with prime minister narendra modi visiting switzerland and mexico to garner their support.
however, turkey, south africa, ireland and new zealand had raised questions on indias application at the june 9-10 extraordinary plenary session in vienna.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajindia on thursday assured nepal that it will expedite the inquiry into the killing of a nepalese national at the india-nepal border allegedly by the indian border force ssb.
this was conveyed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a meeting with nepal deputy prime minister bimalendra nidhi.
this was swarajs first official meeting with a visiting leader, after her kidney transplant surgery.
apart from holding discussion on bilateral matters of mutual interest, including high-level exchanges between the two countries, the two sides put stress on their commitment to further strengthen bilateral cooperation.
the external affairs minister expressed condolence over the death of a nepalese national on india-nepal border.
she conveyed that the inquiry into the incident will be expedited by the indian side, an official release said.
govinda gautam of kanchanpur district was killed in alleged firing by the ssb last week following a dispute over building a culvert.
however, india has denied there was any incident of firing by the ssb.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday directed the indian high commission in south sudan to help the family of an indian man shot dead there in bringing his body back to india.
indian high commissioner in south sudan  plz contact the bereaved family and help them, swaraj tweeted in response to an appeal for help by a man who said his cousin had been shot dead in juba.
syed ejaz hussain tweeted that his cousin syed farooq basha had been shot dead in juba, south sudan, yesterday.
he sought swarajs help in bringing back bashas body to india.
indian high commissioner in south sudan  we have spoken to the family of syed farooq basha and promised them all help.
@eoijuba @syed_ejaz  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 19, 2017//platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsswaraj also tweeted indian high commissioner in south sudans response, saying that the embassy had spoken to the family of basha and promised them all help.
kabul blast: shattered glass inside a building in the diplomatic area of kabul.
image: ani/twitter kabul blast: shattered glass inside a building in the diplomatic area of kabul.
image: ani/twitterat least 80 people have been killed and over 300 injured after a huge explosion rocked the diplomatic area of kabul, officials have said, according to news agency reuters.
the blast took place outside the german embassy and very close to the indian embassy.
all indian embassy staff are safe.
windows and doors of the indian embassys building were partly damaged following the explosion.
afghan police officials said that the blast was a car explosion and several people were feared killed or injured.
this could not be immediately confirmed by any afghanistan official.
a huge plume of smoke could be seen rising from the area.
eye-witness images showed cars heavily damaged and several injured people being rescued by emergency services.
by gods grace, indian embassy staff are safe in the massive #kabul blast, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted this morning.
massive vbied (vehicle-borne improvised explosive device) not too far from our embassy, indian ambassador in kabul manpreet vohra said.
click here for live updates on the kabul explosion.
afp graphic on kabul blast in diplomatic quarter as death toll leaps to 49 dead, more than 300 wounded pic.
twitter.com/uravioavfi  afp news agency (@afp) may 31, 2017prime minister narendra modi condemned the attack and reiterated that the government of india stands with afghanistan in its fight against terror.
we strongly condemn the terrorist blast in kabul.
our thoughts are with the families of the deceased & prayers with the injured.
india stands with afghanistan in fighting all types of terrorism.
forces supporting terrorism need to be defeated.
the indian embassy is located in the wazir akbar khan diplomatic area of kabul that also houses several ministries and is close to the presidential palace.
jessica donati, who covers afghanistan for wsj, confirmed the blast earlier this morning, tweeting: massive explosion just shattered all the windows and glass in our bureau.
todays attack in afghanistan comes a few days after a suicide car bomber killed at least 18 people in khost, eastern afghanistan.
the blast took place on saturday.
a suicide car bomb in khost province has killed 18 people and wounded six others, including two children, ministry spokesman najib danish had said on twitter.
#kabul blast photo.
pic.
twitter.com/ej5weo4gsl  sara a. carter (@saracarterdc) may 31, 2017//platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsexplosion in kabul, reportedly near wazir akbar khan area, kabul pd 10: afghan media pic.
a casket of one of the 38 victims being loaded onto an iaf aircraft in baghdad.
(ap file photo) a casket of one of the 38 victims being loaded onto an iaf aircraft in baghdad.
(ap file photo)the mortal remains of two migrant workers, who were among the 39 killed by isis in iraqs mosul, were handed over to their families in nadia district on tuesday.
heart-wrenching scenes were witnessed at the houses of khokon sikdar and samar tikadar of ilshamari in tehatta and mahakhula of chapra respectively when the coffins reached.
on monday evening, the bodies were brought to kolkata in a special aircraft.
after making stops at amritsar and patna, the aircraft reached netaji subhas chandra bose international airport in kolkata.
state technical education, training and skill development minister purnendu basu received the mortal remains at the airport, from where they were taken to kalyani hospital.
on tuesday morning, the remains were brought to nadia.
at sikdars village, locals staged a protest demanding compensation for his family.
the protest was later lifted after district officials informed them prime minister narendra modi had announced rs 10 lakh compensation for each family.
sikdars wife namita broke down after seeing her husbands coffin.
at mahakhula village, tikadars wife dipali had fainted several times since monday night.
dipali is an icds worker and is also engaged in beedi making to make ends meet.
she has a son sudipta (14) and a daughter sharmila (9) to support.
state minister ujjwal biswas and trinamool congresss nadia district president gouri dutta accompanied the coffins to the homes of sikdar and tikadar.
we have provided jobs to dipali tikadar and namita sikdar, biswas told reporters.
dutta said, we have given a job to sikdars daughter, a college student.
but tikadars children are minors.
so we cannot give them jobs at present.
sikdars mortal remains were buried at the compound of his home while those of tikadar were taken to nabadweep for cremation.
both migrants had gone to work in iraq through an agency in 2011.
their families lost contact with them in mid-2014.
the remaining 39 were taken to badoosh and killed.
kulbhushan jadhav.
kulbhushan jadhav.
amid ongoing tensions between india and pakistan over the death sentence awarded to former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav, india has reportedly called off maritime security dialogue with pakistan, which was scheduled to take place in the coming week.
a delegation led by pakistans maritime security agency (msa) was scheduled to visit nations capital new delhi on sunday for a discussion regarding security of fishermen and rescue operations in the region.
but the delegation was not given clearance to visit by the ministry of defence, according to coast guard sources cited by news agency pti.
also read | three suspected r&aw agents arrested in pok, says reportjadhav, 46, was given death sentence after a military court in pakistan found him guilty of spying charges.
india strongly retaliated against the judgment and said jadhavs hanging will be treated as a premeditated murder.
read | kulbhushan jadhav death sentence: india to appeal against verdict; sartaj aziz says pak followed lawpakistan police officials have claimed they arrested jadhav in march 2016 from restive balochistan province while he was trying to enter from iran.
pakistan officials have also said that they conducted a fair trial and the accused, in a confession video, accepted that he is an indian spy.
india has agreed that jadhav was a naval officer, but refused any ties with the government and has demanded pakistan to hand-over a copy of charge-sheet against jadhav and said that they will appeal to pakistana gainst the verdict.
also read | give us kulbhushan jadhav chargesheet, consular access: india to pakistanindian high commissioner in islamabad gautan bambawale, after his meeting with pakistan foreign secretary said, i have asked for a certified copy of the charge-sheet as well as the judgement in the death sentence of kulbhushan jadhav.
i have again requested the pakistan foreign secretary to give access to jadhav so that we can appeal, he said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu of turkey in new delhi.
(source: pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu of turkey in new delhi.
(source: pti)fethullah gulen terrorist organisation (feto), blamed for last months failed coup to topple president tayyip erdogan in turkey, has infiltrated india, according to turkish foreign minister mevlut cavusoglu.
asserting that feto is secretive transnational criminal network with presence around the world, cavusoglu said, unfortunately, feto has also infiltrated india through associations and schools.
in an interview, after holding talks with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, the turkish foreign minister also said, i have already taken up this issue with my counterpart.
the visiting minister said, in all countries where feto has a presence, we ask them to take immediate actions to remove them from their territories.
asked for a response to the ministers comments, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said the indian side is sensitive to turkish concerns and indian security agencies were looking into ankaras demand for closure of associations connected with feto which were carrying out illegal activities.
asserting that terrorism, in all its forms and manifestations constitute a threat to india and turkey, cavusoglu said, therefore, exchange of information regarding these threats and bilateral and multilateral cooperation and solidarity against terrorism is crucial.
this is what both turkey and india are focused on, he said.
talking about last months coup attempt, the visiting dignitary said that a clandestine faction led by feto within the turkish army attempted to stage a coup on july 15 to overthrow the democratically elected government.
we appreciate the prompt support to our democratically elected government by my indian counterpart, external affairs minister swaraj, cavusoglu added.
more than 240 people died and over 1,500 others were injured as a fallout of the failed coup.
erdogan had blamed us-based cleric gulen for the attempted coup last month.
gulen currently lives in self-imposed exile in the us.
the turkish minister also expressed concern over the situation in syria, maintaining that his country was directly impacted by every dynamic of the conflict there.
he also asked the international community to work together to bring about the much-needed political transition in syria.
this is not only a prerequisite to end the conflict, it is also essential to effectively fight terrorism, the minister asserted.
b'punjab govt was making all necessary arrangements to hand over the remains to the families for last rites of the deceased, amarinder singh said, adding that he would also pursue with the centre the issue of grant of compensation to the bereaved families.
punjab govt was making all necessary arrangements to hand over the remains to the families for last rites of the deceased, amarinder singh said, adding that he would also pursue with the centre the issue of grant of compensation to the bereaved families.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh has spoken to minister of state for external affairs v k singh to follow up on the issue of bringing back the mortal remains of the indian hostages killed in isis captivity in iraq.
the chief minister, who had on tuesday called up and also written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue, on wednesday told mediapersons at the vidhan sabha that v k singh has informed him that it would take around two weeks to bring back the mortal remains of the deceased, which were exhumed from a mass grave in badush  a village northwest of mosul in iraq.
the government on tuesday told parliament that 39 indians abducted in iraq in 2014 were killed by islamic state terrorists and buried in a mass grave.
in response to a query by mediapersons, amarinder singh said since the majority of those killed were from punjabs majha and doaba regions, coffins with the remains were likely to arrive in amritsar.
the state government was making all necessary arrangements to hand over the remains to the families for last rites of the deceased, the chief minister said, adding that he would also pursue with the centre the issue of grant of compensation to the bereaved families.
amarinder singh said his government would try to find jobs for the kin of the deceased and would continue to pay the rs 20,000 compensation which were already being given to the families.
while the state government had been providing a monthly assistance of rs 20,000, the chief minister said that he would be grateful if the centre could also give them due assistance, given the special circumstances surrounding the matter.
amarinder singh said that he had written to swaraj on the issue yesterday and was hopeful about a positive response from the centre.
b'prasar bharati board prasar bharati boardempire buildingcompared to his predecessor mrinal pande, chairperson of the prasar bharati board surya prakash has increased his perks, emoluments and powers.
prakash demanded and received, with retrospective effect, a salary of rs 1 lakh a month.
earlier, chairpersons were only entitled to rs 5,000 per board meeting, which prakash continues to collect.
he has also demanded a bungalow in lutyens delhi.
the cabinet committee on accommodation was reluctant at first but now pressure has been put to make it fall in line.
in addition, prakash has been sanctioned around 10 employees as personal staff.
some see prakashs increasing interaction with dd employees as a sign that he, rather than the ceo, wants to call the shots in doordarshan and air.
although the chairperson of the board had a great deal of power under the prasar bharati act, during pramod mahajans tenure as i&b minister, when rajiv rattan shah was both secretary in the ministry and chairperson of the board, a series of notifications had clipped the chairpersons wings.
prakash, who was earlier a fellow of the rss-linked vivekananda international foundation, of which nsa ajit doval was director, clearly has the clout to enhance the chairpersons position.
whos stopping him?
in a bid to improve his media relations, rahul gandhi has for the last few months been meeting batches of journalists.
over two dozen interactions with scribes of different categories and hierarchies have taken place at his residence.
randeep surjewala, the partys media in-charge, usually sits with rahul while some mba students working with the congress vice-president take notes.
rahul speaks freely, but the interactions are off the record.
rahul has said repeatedly he is ready to be party president whenever the decision is made.
newspersons are too intimidated to point out that the decision is in his hands.
bjps new kishorthe bjp may have lost pollster prashant kishor to the jd(u) and congress, but it believes it has found a worthy replacement for assam.
rajat sethi, a public policy graduate from harvard university, has been working with his team since last october, and prepared the ground for the bjp for the assembly election in the state.
two of sethis team members incidentally have defected from kishors camp.
the bjp claims that its new wonder boy is low-key and not a publicity-seeker like kishor.
the assam campaign was different from the bjps election strategy in bihar, where it lost badly.
the only thing in common was the theme of parivartan.
this time the campaign was largely localised.
a few central leaders, narendra modi, amit shah, sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajnath singh, visited assam very briefly.
each local party mp was put in charge of a few constituencies.
bjp leaders are optimistic about the outcome.
the party and its numerous allies have concentrated only on the 90-odd seats where the hindus are in a majority and conceded from the beginning around 30 seats where muslims dominate, calculating that these would go either to the congress or the aiudf.
trivedi kept outwhen campaigning was at its peak in his constituency barrackpore in west bengal, tmc mp dinesh trivedi was in delhi.
mamata banerjee gave instructions to her party workers in trivedis constituency not to invite him for electioneering for the assembly elections.
mamata is furious with trivedi because recently, when questioned about the sting operation in which some party mps could be purportedly seen taking money, trivedi had said that if he had been caught similarly, he would have stayed away until his name was cleared.
snubbing ministersaurabh patel, gujarats finance and energy minister, is a favourite of pm modi.
in addition to his other advantages, patel is a close relative by marriage of the powerful ambani clan.
but cm anandiben patel is clearly wary of patel trying to overshadow her.
she has often criticised him in the presence of others.
recently, she pulled up patel publicly and accused him of not protecting the interests of consumers.
she pointed out that electricity bills had not come down despite a reduction in coal prices.
missing shahbjp president amit shah is not on the campaign trail these days.
nor is he touring the country, as is his wont.
he is confined to delhi because of a slipped disc.
b'uzma ahmed said: want to thank sushmaswaraj maam, high commission officials.
i am an orphan, first time, i realised my life is so valuable.
(source: ani) uzma ahmed said: want to thank sushmaswaraj maam, high commission officials.
i am an orphan, first time, i realised my life is so valuable.
(source: ani)an indian national, who was allegedly forced to marry a pakistani man at gun point, returned home on thursday.
uzmas return was made possible after the islamabad high court took her plea into cognizance and ordered police to escort her to the wagah border.
shortly after her return, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed her back home, calling her indias daughter.
in a press conference held in new delhi today, an emotional uzma fought back her tears as she narrated her ordeal in pakistan.
she was quoted by news agency ani as saying: its easy to go to pakistan, but tough to return.
pakistan is a well of death.
even those who go there after arrange marriage are crying.
read: indian woman uzma forced to marry in pak returns home; sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomes her backin her early 20s, uzma talked about the torture, harassment and domestic violence meted out to her by her husband tahir ali, even as she accused him of forcing her into marrying him in pakistan on may 3.
they have tortured me in many ways, threatened to kidnap my daughter.
so i agreed to marry him to save my daughter.
he used to beat me up.
because of my daughter i signed it, they scared me so much that i signed, said uzma at the joint press conference in the presence of sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she said buner, the area where tahir, the pakistani man who married her at gunpoint, took her after giving her sleeping pills, was like a taliban-controlled region.
uzma said had she stayed there for a few more days she would have been dead.
she broke down several times while recalling the horror in front of the national media.
uzma  welcome home indias daughter.
i am sorry for all that you have gone through.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 25, 2017crediting the indian government and sushmaswaraj swaraj for securing her release from pakistan, uzma said: i credit my release to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
i am an adopted child, i dont have a mother or sister.
i feel proud to be an indian citizen.
sushma used to call me asking me not to fear as i am indias daughter.
the government has done so much for me.
had it been someone else in my condition there, they would not have got out.
had i stayed there for two more days, i would have been dead.
meanwhile, sushmaswaraj swaraj sought to give credit to pakistans foreign and home ministry along with lawyer shahnawaz noon, who she said fought her case like a father.
she said despite tensions between the two countries, the pakistan foreign office and the home ministry played a key role in her return.
uzma is here also because of co-operations of pakistans foreign and home ministries.
uzma is here also because of cooperation of pakistans foreign and home ministries.
i thank lawyer shahnawaz noon who fought her case like a father: sushmaswaraj swaraj.
uzma is here also because of cooperation of pakistans foreign and home ministries.
i thank lawyer shahnawaz noon who fought her case like a father: sushmaswaraj swaraj.
earlier today, accompanied by indian mission officials, uzma crossed the wagah border near amritsar.
on may 12, she had petitioned the islamabad high court requesting it to allow her to return to india urgently as her daughter from her first marriage in india suffered from thalassemia.
union home minister rajnath singh (file photo) union home minister rajnath singh (file photo)union home minister rajnath singh on thursday reiterated that india will go to any extent to ensure justice for former navy officer kulbhushan jadhav.
he said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already made the countrys stand clear in this regard and that whatever he had said in parliament in this regard few days back remains unchanged.
we will go to any extent to ensure justice to kulbhushan jadhav, he said on the sidelines of a cisf event here.
46-year-old jadhav has been awarded death sentence by a pakistani military court on charges of alleged espionage and sabotage activities.
on the emergence of a video from kashmir where locals are seen attacking crpf personnel, singh said it is being looked into.
greater noida : people holding a protest against african nationals over the death of a teenager alleged due to drug supplied by nigerians, in greater noida on monday.
(source: pti) greater noida : people holding a protest against african nationals over the death of a teenager alleged due to drug supplied by nigerians, in greater noida on monday.
(source: pti)a day after four african students were assaulted in greater noida, gautam buddh nagar district magistrate, nagendra singh, speaking to the media on tuesday, claimed that the incident should not be treated as a hate crime.
absolutely not a hate crime, neither its some kind of anger against a race, new agency ani quoted him as saying.
speaking on the violence that spread from greater noidas nsg black cats enclave to ansal mall in the area, singh pinned the blame on a section of people for spreading rumours over the death of a youth.
few people spread rumours regarding the death of a youth which gave rise to anger; incident happened in continuity of that, singh said.
(source: pti) (source: pti)five people were arrested in connection with last nights assault.
the violence began when residents of the area took out a candle-light march on monday night for a 17-year-old youth who died of suspected drug overdose.
the youths parents alleged that the students, who were their neighbours, provided their son with drugs.
they also claimed that he was kidnapped and beaten by the five students.
an fir was lodged and the five nigerians were arrested, but were let off due to lack of evidence.
they were booked under ipc sections 302 (punishment for murder) and 328 (causing hurt by means of poison, etc.
, with intent to commit an offence).
later, a march was taken out by the residents demanding justice.
the protesters turned violent and began beating africans passing on the road.
greater noida sp, sujata singh said: they also went to ansal mall and caused havoc and beat up africans there.
police then rescued them and moved them to a safe place.
the violence spread to ansal plaza in pari chowk where four africans were brutally assaulted and one of their cars windshield was also broken.
adg daljit chaudhary told reporters that the police used mild force to stop the protesters from attacking the africans and arrested five of them from the spot.
police had to use force to dissuade people from attacking and arrested 5 people from the spot.
many of them who were there trying to play mischief have been identified as the entire event had been videographed.
an fir has been registered and action will be taken accordingly, he said.
on tuesday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj raised the issue with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, who assured swift probe in the incident.
the association of african students president, however, claimed the incident was a hate crime and demanded adequate security for the student community.
in greater noida, they (locals) say that africans we dont want you to be here anymore.
these are actually hate crimes towards african community.
africans are not secure in this country, association of african students president samuel jack said.
he added that africans may eventually avoid coming to the country for pursuing higher studies due to safety concerns.
one of the injured nigerians alleged that the attackers did not want africans living in this country.
i dont go to club in this country.
i dont drink.
they assaulted me for no reason.
i dont know what to say.
they do not want us to be in this country, he claimed.
against the backdrop of social activist anna hazares fight against corruption,tdp chief n chandrababu naidu today stated that the ruling congress and bjp were responsible for the people losing faith in political parties and leaders.
it is the ruling congress and main opposition bjp that were responsible for political parties losing their prestige and faith and this has dented the countrys image, he told reporters.
he cited the examples of alleged corruption in 2g spectrum allocation,cwg,black money issue,alleged loot of mineral wealth in karnataka and the alleged corruption during y s rajasekhara reddy regime in andhra pradesh to show the failures of congress and bjp.
naidu took exception to top bjp leaders like arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj coming in defence of kadapa mp y s jagan mohan reddy who is facing cbi probe.
when the public mood was against corruption and parliament was also in turmoil,arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj praised jagan, he said.
reiterating his remarks that he would soon make public details of his properties,the tdp chief said he would like to set an example for others.
he also advocated the need to bring in reforms through judicial accountability bill and whistle-blower bill among others to ensure corruption-free and clean political system.
meanwhile,several congress leaders like lok sabha mp ponnam prabhakar,senior mla j c diwakar reddy and others also have slammed the bjp for its support to jagan.
how openly bjp leaders have supported jagan theycould not support yeddyurappa,but they have supported jagan, senior congress mla a vivekananda reddy said.
hafiz saeeds rally in rawalpindi.
(source: reuters/file) hafiz saeeds rally in rawalpindi.
(source: reuters/file)islamabad-based security analyst amir rana wrote in dawn (january 28): banned militant groups are continuously giving pakistan diplomatic stress.
it has been discussed at various high-level national forums that these groups have become a strategic burden for the country.
in the first week of 2018, pakistan barred jamaat-ud-dawa (jud) and falah-e-insaniat foundation (fif) of pakistans infamous wahhabi leader, hafiz saeed, from collecting donations.
pakistans financial regulatory body, the securities and exchange commission of pakistan (secp), issued a notification prohibiting the collection of donations by the jud, the front organisation of the banned lashkar-e-taiba, as also the around 300 educational institutions run by the jud and the many private courts it was running in defiance of the writ of the state.
did this happen after taking india into confidence?
the janjua-doval bangkok national security session was a pre-scheduled meeting and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was apparently aware of it.
did the two sides exchange views on what was about to happen to saeed?
the bilateral equation was at an all-time low after prime minister narendra modi thought pakistan was plotting an electoral hijack of gujarat from the bjps control.
the bangkok meeting had followed modis revelation.
the world knew that saeed was behind the mumbai attacks.
david headleys confessions had been published and the rogue elements had come out, offended with the pakistan army for not doing enough.
back home, the courts declared saeed innocent of all charges of terrorism.
the strongman, thought to have a private army of over 200,000 warriors on call, was too strong to even be asked to tone down his brazenly uncivilised jihadi rhetoric.
he ran his own courts in several cities and the state simply accepted them because saeed was useful with his big-money charity in troubled areas in sindh and balochistan.
such was the moral pressure that in 2017 saeed was confined to his house but support for him was swelling around the country.
his followers and members of jud staged protests against his confinement and no one dared point to the evidence in circulation internationally about his involvement in acts of terrorism in kashmir and the rest of india.
a recent statement of partial acceptance made by pakistan defence minister khwaja muhammad asif has opened the floodgates of orchestrated castigation against the remnants of the sharif government.
reports say asif was in germany when he committed the blasphemy of saying that hafiz saeed can become a threat to society.
the world and the united nations accuse saeed of committing atrocities in india and afghanistan.
the un has him on its reward list of terrorists, but in pakistan, he is the wealthiest philanthropist alive.
his reported running of private courts in pakistan was forgiven after the man who had sneaked on him was beaten up mysteriously inside the lahore high court precincts.
the dreaded defence of pakistan council, which scares anyone critical of the policies of jihad, has fired a broadside at the government asif serves.
a roll-call of those who would like the sharif governments term in office to end prematurely has started.
the stage is being set to oust the ruling pmln.
in balochistan, nawaz sharifs party was shaken on its uncertain throne by a no-confidence motion in the assembly and was finally overthrown.
as if in lock-step, chief minister of khyber-pakhtunkhwa (pk) pervez khattak attended a public meeting of the difa-e-pakistan council (dpc) containing religious personalities sanctioned by the un for terrorism.
the meeting was addressed via telephone by saeed and pk strongman cleric, maulana samiul haq  once suspected of having a hand in the assassination of benazir bhutto  whom the pk government not long ago rewarded with a rs 300-million handout.
in september 2017, the foreign office followed up on the letter of interior ministry under minister ahsan iqbal in answer to a query sent by the election commission of pakistan (ecp) about whether saeeds milli muslim league (mml) should be allowed to take part in the by-election.
the interior ministry stated: there is evidence to substantiate that lashkar-e-taiba, the jamaat-ud- dawa and falah-e-insaniat foundation are affiliates and ideologically of the same hue, and [therefore] the registration of the mml is not supported.
in 2008, the un security council had added jud to the banned list under resolution 1267 as a supporting agent of the banned lashkar-e-taiba.
what has been highlighted by a lame-duck pmln government is the negative consequence of what is called mainstreaming by some elements of the state: instead of de-radicalising the declared terrorists, the process further radicalises society and undermines the power of the state under the constitution.
the indirect and implied chinese warning at the brics summit in 2017 seems to have been heeded.
b'bjp national chief rajnath singh and senior leader mukhtar abbas naqvis on thursday met inld president om prakash chautala at new delhis ram manohar lohia hospital.
the meeting,which went on for two hours,has led to speculations that the two parties may be drifting closer after snapping of ties during the last assembly polls in haryana.
chautala,who has been given a jail sentence of 10 years in the jbt scam,is currently lodged in the hospital.
nothing can be predicted about the future,but today,the bjp leaders have meet om prakash chautala in the hospital to seek his well being, haryana bjp spokesperson virender garg said.
when contacted,inld mla from ellanabad,abhay chautala,said: any possibility of inld getting into an alliance with bjp cannot be commented upon at this stage.
all these things are in the womb of the future.
nothing can be disclosed at this stage.
a lot will depend on the situation when polls are announced.
my father has personal relationships with many people,including politicians from various parties.
the meeting has created a stir in political circles as the bjp has already entered into an alliance with hjc last year.
recently,bjps haryana president,ram bilas sharma,and hjc chief kuldeep bishnoi  mp from hisar  have denied reports that bjp and hjc may split before the lok sabha and state assembly polls.
though chautala and his son ajay chautalas conviction in jbt scam has put a question mark on the possibility of the former chief minister contesting polls again,speculations are rife that the inlds alliance with bjp,if it happens,may increase the parties prospects of coming back to power in haryana.
interestingly,when bjp had announced its alliance with the hjc during adampur bypolls in haryana,party leader sushmaswaraj swaraj and then bjp chief nitin gadkari had come to hisar and announced that ties with hjc were unbreakable.
moreover,hjc and bjp are not tying up to contest the upcoming municipal polls slated for june 2 in haryana.
while bjp has already announced that its candidates will be contesting on party symbol,hjc has said that no candidate will contest on hjc symbol.
the reason: hjcs constitution does not provide a party symbol to a candidate contesting any election below the level of vidhan sabha.
while speaking to mediapersons in chandigarh about a fortnight ago,both ram bilas sharma and kuldeep bishnoi had refuted speculations of the alliance getting broken.
at present,there is only one hjc mla in haryana assembly  kuldeep bishnois wife renuka bishnoi  while bjp has four.
when contacted,congress industries minister randeep singh surjewala said: it is up to both the parties to decide if they want to enter into an alliance.
it is not in our domain to comment in this.
as such,both parties have entered into this unholy matrimony many times and then abused each other.
everybody knows what the parties had been saying against each other both inside and outside the assembly.
despite repeated attempts,kuldeep bishnoi and ram bilas sharma were not available for comments.
constitute medical board to examine chautala: hc to aiimsthe delhi high court has directed the government to set up a medical board to examine the health status of former haryana chief minister om prakash chautala.
the inld chief,who is presently serving a 10-year jail term for his role in the scam related to the recruitment of over 3,000 primary school teachers in 2000,has cited his ill health as grounds in his bail application pending before the hc.
justice siddharth mridul,who heard the case on thursday after three separate judges recused themselves from hearing the plea,asked the director of all india institute of medical sciences to constitute a board which will examine 78-year-old chautala and submit a report on may 21.
the medical board will comprise a doctor of tihar jail and one specialist each from aiims,rml hospital and gb pant hospital.
during the hearing,advocate u u lalit,appearing for chautala,referred to a medical report of aiims and said,he deserved to be released on bail on medical grounds as he is suffering from various ailments,including heart and cervical problems.
the cbi however,had vehemently opposed the bail plea,and raised allegation that chautalas health was stable enough to be treated within the jail itself and did not require his release.
the court has posted the matter for further hearing on may 21.
meanwhile,the court allowed co-convict durga dutt pradhan to attend a marriage function on may 18 and asked the delhi police to accompany him during his outing.
on january 22,the trial court had convicted and sentenced chautala and nine others,including his son ajay chautala,to 10 years jail term for illegally recruiting 3,206 junior teachers.
among other convicts,44 have been sentenced to four years jail term and one was sentenced to five-year jail term in the case.
india sent the relief in view of the specific needs of the large number of (rohingya) women and children living in the camps and the onset of monsoon.
(source: reuters) india sent the relief in view of the specific needs of the large number of (rohingya) women and children living in the camps and the onset of monsoon.
(source: reuters)india has sent to bangladesh its second relief consignment to help tens of thousands of displaced rohingya muslims who fled myanmar following a military crackdown, triggering one of the worlds worst refugee crises.
over 600,000 rohingyas have fled myanmars violence-hit rakhine state to neighbouring bangladesh since august when the military intensified crackdown against alleged militant outfits of rohingya muslims.
indian navy ship ins airavat sailed from vishakhapatnam and reached chattogram port (formerly chittagong) port yesterday where indian high commissioner harsh vardhan shringla handed over the relief consignment to disaster management and relief minister mofazzel hussain chowdhury maya.
officials familiar with the development said the 373-tonne consignment contained 104 tonnes of milk powder, 102 tonnes of dried fish, 61 tonnes of baby food, 50,000 raincoats and 50,000 pairs of gum boots.
another tranche containing 1 million litres of kerosene oil and 20,000 cooking stoves is expected to arrive soon, shringla said.
he said india sent the relief in view of the specific needs of the large number of (rohingya) women and children living in the camps and the onset of monsoon.
we hope this will bring some succour to the people living in camps, he said.
bangladesh has repeatedly sought indias help to put pressure on myanmar to resolve the rohingya crisis.
during a recent high-level visit of un security council, bangladesh called upon india as well as russia, china and japan to play a stronger role for rohingyas secured and dignified repatriation.
earlier, bangladesh premier sheikh hasina engaged the foreign ministry to pursue a vigorous diplomacy with countries having direct borders with myanmar along with russia and sought enhanced indian engagement in resolving the crisis.
we want india to mount pressure on myanmar so they quickly take back their displaced people, hasina had told a visiting non-government indian delegation.
she had warned that rohingyas longer stay in bangladesh could create a security crisis, arguing that when people remain frustrated and have no work, they could easily be indulged in militancy.
we understand that the influx of large number of refugees has created unprecedented challenges for the government and people of bangladesh, shringla said.
indias foreign secretary vijay gokhale, who was in dhaka last month, said india has been fully supportive of the efforts being made to resolve the crisis, including early repatriation of the displaced people.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will pay a two-day visit to myanmar from may 10 during which key bilateral and regional issues, including the situation in the rakhine state from where thousands of rohingya muslims had fled following violence last year, are likely to be discussed.
in december last year, india had announced a development assistance of usd 25 million for the rakhine state.
earlier, india sent relief materials for 300,000 rohingyas in september last year under operation insaniyat to support bangladesh in its humanitarian efforts.
in a series of tweets, swaraj provided emergency numbers for indian nationals in turkey and asked them not to go out.
she also asked indian nationals not to travel to turkey until it was safe to do so.
indian nationals in turkey : pl avoid public places and stay indoors.
helpline : ankara: +905303142203 istanbul: +905305671095  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 16, 2016indian nationals should not travel to turkey until situation is normal there.
@indianembassytr @mjakbar  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) july 16, 2016the indian embassy in turkey had advised all indians in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer in view of a military coup.
it has also provided emergency help contact numbers.
our embassy in ankara advises indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer  vikas swarup (@meaindia) july 15, 2016our embassy in ankara advises indian nationals in turkey to avoid public places and remain indoors until the situation there becomes clearer, ministry of external affairs spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
the emergency contact numbers for indian nationals:in ankara: +905303142203in istanbul: +905305671095.
the turkish military late on friday night released a statement claiming to have taken over and martial law has been imposed.
a pilot was killed and four others, including two doctors and a nurse, were injured, when an air ambulance of gurgaon-based medanta hospital caught fire and crash-landed in nakhon pathom airport, about 730 km from bangkok, thailand.
the air ambulance was reportedly going to pick up a patient admitted in a bangkok hospital.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted monday, the air ambulance of medanta hospital with five member crew caught fire and crash-landed near bangkok.
the injured were shifted to bangkok hospital by army helicopters.
watch what else is making newsour mission has just informed me that we have lost the pilot of the air ambulance, arunaksha nandy.
dr shailendra and dr komal are in the icu.
the other two have sustained minor injuries, she said.
our mission is extending them all help and assistance.
she also expressed heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family.
hospital sources said dr shailendra is from anaesthesia and dr komal is from emergency medicine.
a medical team has been rushed from delhi to bangkok to check on them.
the hospital has received no communication so far on the details of the incident or the condition of the doctors, sources said.
the air ambulance, a chartered single engine aircraft, took off from new delhi and landed in kolkata for refuelling, hospital sources said.
the aircraft, en route from kolkata, then made an emergency landing at kamphaeng saen airport in nakhon pathom on sunday night.
union minister dharmendra pradhan.
(express photo/file) union minister dharmendra pradhan.
(express photo/file)bjp will hold its two-day national executive meeting in the odisha capital from april 15, to be attended by prime minister narendra modi, party national president amit shah, senior leader l k advani and others.
announcing this on saturday, union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan, said, the prime minister will come to odisha to thank the people for their unprecedented support to the bjp in the recent panchayat polls.
bjp state president basant panda said that the national executive meeting in odisha will further encourage the party workers and local leaders for the 2019 general elections.
senior party leader mm joshi, home minister rajnath singh, union finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, union minister venkaiah naidu and other party leaders will also be present at the meeting.
pradhan said the chief ministers of all the bjp ruled states will attend the meet.
party in-charge of odisha arun singh and national joint secretary (organisaton) soudan singh will visit the state tomorrow to oversee the preparations for the meeting, he said.
b'pm modi has pretty much hit the refresh button with his cabinet expansion and reshuffle  from smriti irani being shifted out to textiles to arun jaitley being divested on information and broadcasting.
pm modi has pretty much hit the refresh button with his cabinet expansion and reshuffle  from smriti irani being shifted out to textiles to arun jaitley being divested on information and broadcasting.
prime minister narendra modi has pretty much hit the refresh button with his cabinet expansion and reshuffle on tuesday.
from smriti irani being shifted out to textiles and finance minister arun jaitley being divested on information and broadcasting, many of the top names in the council of ministers have been affected by the rejig.
there were a few surprises too, like mos jayant sinha being moved to civil aviation from finance and sadanand gowda losing the law ministry.
watch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilesmodi seems to be banking on getting new minds in and thus infusing a new energy into his cabinet as the government enters the second leg of its term.
this might not be a bad strategy given that at least some ministries have struggle to keep pace with the others or stay clear of controversies.
among the few ministers who have not been affected are home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, road transport and highways.
watch: analysing modi cabinet reshuffle: smriti irani loses hrd; javadekar, piyush goyal gainnarendra modi cabinet reshuffle: full listshipping minister nitin gadkari, defence minister manohar parrikar and railways minister suresh prabhu.
despite some speculation fuelled by the buzz in the corridors of power, najma heptulla will continue as the minority affairs minister.
the biggest promotion clearly is for prakash javadekar who will take over hrd ministry from irani.
he was earler mos independent charge for the environment ministry.
new entrant vijay goel gets independent charge of the sports ministry, while s s ahluwali is mos agriculture and farmers welfare, parliamentary affairs.
overall, the reshuffle seems to be modis way of bringing in doers and performers who would deliver on his vision of development and good governance.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)india on monday said pakistan cannot take kashmir to the international court of justice (icj) and asserted that the issue must be resolved bilaterally.
swaraj was addressing a press conference on completion of three years of the government.
the minister said there was no flip-flop on part of the government in handling pakistan.
pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to international court of justice.
kashmir issue can only be resolved bilaterally, she said.
she was replying to a question on reported remarks of pakistani law officer that islamabad will take the kashmir issue to icj.
we want to resolve all issues with pakistan bilaterally but talks and terror cannot go together, the minister said.
b'prime minister narendra modi (l) and chinese president xi jinping (r) shake hands before the welcoming banquet for the brics summit, in xiamen, china september 4, 2017.
(reuters/files) prime minister narendra modi (l) and chinese president xi jinping (r) shake hands before the welcoming banquet for the brics summit, in xiamen, china september 4, 2017.
(reuters/files)in an attempt to complete the reset of bilateral ties with china, prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping will meet at an informal summit in wuhan, the capital of central chinas hubei province on april 27 and 28.
the informal summit was the key takeaway after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi met in beijing sunday on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) foreign ministers meet.
sources told the indian express that the initiative to have the informal summit came from beijing, but new delhi took its time to take a call on the invitation considering the diplomatic pros and cons involved.
modis visit  a month-and-half before he is scheduled to visit qingdao in june for the sco summit  is being perceived as a reach-out to beijing, as new delhi does not want a repeat of 2017  when ties between the two countries were strained  particularly in an electorally sensitive year.
eam @sushmaswaraj begins her press statement after meeting with foreign minister of china wang yi.
at the meeting, the two sides reviewed various aspects of bilateral relations and discussed regional and international issues of mutual interest.
pic.
twitter.com/vbgkt2xq8i  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) april 22, 2018https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsthe informal summit will also mark modis fourth visit to china since he assumed power in 2014 and a second bilateral visit.
he made the first bilateral visit in 2015 followed by a visit to hangzhou to take part in the g-20 summit in 2016 and brics summit in xiamen last year.
the announcement caps a two-month-long process of rapprochement with china, which started on february 22 when the government sent out a note asking senior leaders and government functionaries of the centre and states to stay away from events planned to mark 60 years in exile of the dalai lama.
then, foreign secretary vijay gokhale had underlined that it was a very sensitive time for indias relations with china.
read | sushmaswaraj swaraj in china: pm modis call to xi spurred positive momentum for dialogue, says wang yiwang, who was recently elevated to the position of state councillor, announced the informal summit  rare between india and china  and said, the two leaders will exchange views on over-arching long-term and strategic matters concerning the future of china-india relations.
we will make sure that the informal summit will be a complete success and a milestone in china-india relations.
we see socialism with chinese characteristics entering a new era and india acts as a crucial stage in its development and revitalisation.
it is against this backdrop that president xi and prime minister modi have decided to hold the informal summit.
it will be an important occasion for them to exchange views on bilateral and international matters with an objective of enhancing mutual communication at the level of leaders.
we believe that our commonalities outweigh our differences and that we must build on our convergences while seeking mutually acceptable resolutions of our differences, she said.
wang echoed swarajs words, as he said that the common interests far outweigh our common interests.
swaraj and wangs comments come after a year of strained ties between the two countries, which witnessed a two-and-half-month border stand-off at doklam between indian and chinese troops.
while many believe that the dalai lamas visit to arunachal pradesh from april 4 to april 12 last year had provoked beijing to make diplomatic and military moves that impacted ties adversely for much of 2017, gokhales note on february 22 and his subsequent meeting with wang and other officials in beijing on february 23 this year had started the process of mending fences with china.
through much of 2017, beijing retaliated and expressed its anger including cancelling wangs visit to india for a trilateral meeting in april.
beijing had then stopped sharing hydrological data on the brahmaputra starting mid-may, which was followed by the doklam stand-off from mid-june.
the border stand-off was resolved only in august end, just ahead of prime minister modis visit to xiamen in china for the brics summit in october.
on sunday, swaraj pointed out that china has assured india about data sharing on sutlej and brahmaputra rivers in 2018.
as it directly affects lives of people living there we welcome this, she said.
she also said that the kailash mansarovar yatra will resume this year through the nathu la pass, which was also disrupted last year.
wang, in his statement sunday, said, in our view, the global situation is undergoing a profound change china and india are growing simultaneously and rapidly this makes for a more balanced geometry and a stronger trend towards peace.
sushma swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
(reuters) sushmaswaraj swaraj with chinese foreign minister wang yi at the diaoyutai state guest house in beijing, sunday.
(reuters)calling each other natural partners, the chinese state councillor said that the two have no choice other than pursuing everlasting friendship, mutually beneficial cooperation and a common development.
former foreign secretary s jaishankar called the decision to have a bilateral informal summit a bold step forward and welcomed the move by the government.
chinese envoy to india, luo zhaohui tweeted, looking forward to witnessing the upcoming historic informal summit between chinese and indian leaders.
truly an honour.
in march, wang yi had said that the two countries needed to shed mental inhibitions and mutual suspicion to improve bilateral ties.
the chinese dragon and the indian elephant must not fight each other but dance with each other.
if china and india are united one plus one will not equal two but 11, he had then said.
after the doklam border stand-off ended in august last year, modi and xi met in xiamen on the sidelines of the brics summit, followed by modis meeting with chinese premier li keqiang in manila, on the sidelines of east asia summit in november.
in the build-up to the informal summit, the two countries, over the last two months have held at least eight meetings at various fora.
this was a reference to the various outstanding issues on which new delhi and beijing have sharp differences  from indias entry into the nuclear suppliers group, the listing of jaish-e-mohammad chief masood azhar as a designated terrorist at the un and the china-pakistan economic corridor  among many others.
the outcome of the slugfest will be crucial for chief minister vasundhara raje.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) the outcome of the slugfest will be crucial for chief minister vasundhara raje.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)a week after bharatiya janata party (bjp) mla ashok parnami resigned from the partys state presidents post, the uncertainty over his successor continues.
the delay has also once again brought to spotlight the uncomfortable relationship shared by chief minister vasundhara raje with partys central leadership, with her loyalists camping in delhi to push for a favourable candidate.
party sources said that the central leadership had finalised the name of gajendra singh shekhawat, the union minister of state for agriculture, to head the state unit.
the first time mp, who has been associated with the sangh since long, would begin with a clean slate if given the position.
however, shekhawat is seen as being closer to partys central leadership than the raje-led state leadership.
while, the raje camp wants someone from amongst themselves to be made the state chief, the position assumes more significance ahead of the vidhan sabha polls later this year and lok sabha polls next year.
while the central leadership wanted to highlight shekhawats rss leanings and being a long time party worker as his credentials, raje loyalists have been opposing shekhawat stating that the move will further alienate the party for jats, since shekhawat is a rajput; the two communities have been traditionally opposed to each other in the state.
the move was also being seen as central leaderships attempt to assuage rajputs, considered bjps traditional supporters, who have opposed the party for over a year now over a host of issues.
the anger spilled onto the bypolls to ajmer and alwar lok sabha and mandalgarh vidhan sabha, with bjp losing out in all 17 assembly seats.
however, what has instead come into play is raje camps assertion before the central leadership in the guise of rajput  jat caste rivalry.
hence, it is instead pushing for other names, such as that of raje loyalist and cabinet minister for urban development and housing, srichand kriplani.
kriplani hails from the sindhi punjabi community, same as outgoing president parnami; kriplani has, however, reportedly ruled himself out of the race.
several rajasthan minister and mlas, including yunus khan, prabhu lal saini, rampratap, ajay kilak, etc.
have been camping in delhi to convince the central leadership to push a candidate of their choice, while claiming they are in delhi owing to personal commitments.
another name doing the round is that of union minister of state, arjun ram meghwal, who hails from the dalit community.
interestingly, his son ravi shekhar, a rajasthan administrative services (ras) officer, purportedly commented on bjp chief amit shahs facebook page advising against shekhawats appointment as it does not suit caste combination and that congress is set to win 140 seats in the state.
shekhar has denied the claims, saying that someone mischievously posted the comments from his phone which is often left unattended at office in his home, with the social media application logged in.
while meghwals appointment may influence states large dalit base, the raje camp is also not keen with his name.
other names include former minister lakshmi narayan dave, and incumbent rajya sabha mps bhupender yadav and narayan lal panchariya.
the outcome of the slugfest will be crucial for raje.
while earlier she had the backing of leaders such as l k advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, she has to weather it alone this time.
the central leadership also hopes to have a cohesive state unit to keep alive its hopes of a return to the state.
bjp leader shatrughan sinha bjp leader shatrughan sinhabjp leader and bollywood veteran shatrughan sinha on wednesday condemned pakistans decision to award death sentence to former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav, saying the government will make all efforts for his safe return.
he said that home minister rajnath singh and external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj are committed to bring jadhav back safely to his homeland.
without any politics, all possible efforts should be taken for jadhavs return, sinha said talking to mediapersons in udaipur.
he appreciated uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and said that his pace to work for the state is a step forward for uttam pradesh (best state).
sinha said that contrary to his image, yogi is an intellectual and an honest person.
it is fortunate for up to have him as the chief minister, he said.
meanwhile, state congress chief sachin pilot urged all the parties to unite for the safe return of jadhav.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted about the crash of an air ambulance and the death of its pilot on monday night, gitika, a bangkok-based woman, tweeted, they were the angels who were coming for airlifting our mom.
you didnt do anything for us but they were ready to help.
gitika is the daughter-in-law of shashi agarwal, the 60-year-old patient who was to be airlifted by medanta hospitals ill-fated air ambulance, which caught fire and crash-landed in thailands nakhon pathom airport, about 730 km from bangkok.
watch what else is making news:gitika, her husband rachit, and father-in-law rakesh were running from pillar-to-post for the past one month to get shashi airlifted to india, and had requested for financial help from the indian embassy and the external affairs minister.
shashi and her husband have been in bangkok since mid-december, visiting their son and daughter-in-law, and were to return in february.
however, shashi fell ill in january.
as her condition deteriorated from a case of pneumonia to a serious lung ailment, her family asked for help from the indian government to airlift her back to india.
gitika tweeted to swaraj in february, but did not hear from her.
the family then registered on the madad portal  an online grievance redressal forum for overseas indians in distress  but were only told about the prices of air ambulances.
we wanted to get her back to india.
but she could not travel in a normal airplane as she needed continuous oxygen supply.
the air ambulance prices in bangkok were over rs 35 lakh.
so, we asked the indian embassy for help, said rachit, who works as a chartered accountant in a private firm in bangkok and has been living there for five years.
eventually, they contacted indian hospitals and gurgaon-based medanta agreed to airlift shashi for rs 23 lakh.
we borrowed money from relatives and friends but, now we are back to where we were, rachit told the indian express over phone from bangkok.
gitika added, we feel so guilty for the doctors, the pilot and the nurse coming to take our mother home we visited them in the hospital to see how they were doing and if they wanted some indian food.
the family, which belongs to ups rampur, is hoping that medanta can airlift shashi once they tide over the current crisis.
we understand that the hospital is busy we hope she can be airlifted soon, gitika said.
b'prime minister narendra modi (right) and nepals pm pushpa kamal dahal prachanda (left).
(file) prime minister narendra modi (right) and nepals pm pushpa kamal dahal prachanda (left).
(file)prime minister narendra modi today held wide ranging talks with his nepalese counterpart pushpa kamal dahal prachanda on key issues including the political process in the himalayan nation and ways to strengthen ties.
prachanda, who arrived in new delhi on thursday on a four-day visit, was earlier given a ceremonial welcome at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhavan.
the two sides reviewed the full spectrum of relations during delegation level talks at hyderabad house here, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also called on prachanda, who was elected as premier for the second time last month, at the rashtrapati bhavan.
infusing fresh energy into a special relationship.
pm @narendramodi receives nepal pm pushpa kamal dahal prachanda, swarup tweeted, along with a picture of the leaders shaking hands.
yesterday, the government said that nepals constitution making process was an internal issue which the nepalese citizens will decide and that india has never been prescriptive.
addressing the nepalese diaspora at an event, prachanda said the top focus of the new dispensation led by him was to create the right atmosphere before the implementation of the constitution and pave the way for necessary amendments.
till the time we dont take the tharus, madhesis and janjatis into confidence and address their legitimate demands, the atmosphere cannot be created for implementation of the new constitution, he had said.
union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by tashi tobgyal) union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj (express photo by tashi tobgyal)heaping praise on narendra modi, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday said the prime minister has lived up to his mantra of sabka saath sabka vikas (development of all) by empowering indians not just in the country but also those living abroad.
she reiterated that empowerment of all sections of society, including women, youth and the poor, is the main objective behind the schemes and programmes launched by the government.
the modi government has also empowered indians living in other countries and they believe it will come to their rescue whenever they will need help, the minister said.
swaraj further stated that the government had successfully evacuated 1.
25 lakh people from troubled places in different parts of the world in the past three years.
of this, the government paid for the evacuation of over 80,000 people.
from yemen, where only india could manage to evacuate people, we also helped and took out 1,947 foreigners, including three pakistani nationals, the foreign minister said.
india was deciding global agenda under the leadership of pm modi, according to swaraj.
world leaders look up to him since they feel that without the cooperation of our country international efforts will not succeed, she said.
the prime minister only suggested holding an international yoga day on june 21, and within a record time of 75 days it was accepted by the united nations with 177 countries coming forward as co-sponsors of the proposal and none against it, she added.
organised by the delhi bjp, the event was attended by delhi bjp president manoj tiwari, national vice president shyam jaju and south delhi mp ramesh bidhuri.
both rajnath singh and naidu also met bjp veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi on friday.
both rajnath singh and naidu also met bjp veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi on friday.
even as the ministerial panel had its first round of discussions with opposition parties over the presidential candidate, the ruling bjp has prepared four sets of nomination papers, leaving the space for the name of the candidate blank.
the four sets have the signatures of mps and mlas.
but the line for the name is left blank, said a party source.
the candidates nomination form is to be signed by at least 50 electors as proposers and 50 as seconders for each set.
sources said union ministers ananth kumar, mukhtar abbas naqvi and bjp general secretary bhupendra yadav were involved in the preparations.
while the committee, appointed by bjp chief amit shah, began its meetings with opposition leaders on friday, bjp leaders said the nda is absolutely confident of the win of its candidates in both the presidential and vice presidential elections.
we have almost 3 lakh votes more than the required number in the presidential electoral college, said a senior leader referring to the additional support the bjp has managed to get from parties outside the nda.
however, there was no word on the candidates.
in the consultation process, which the party has initiated to create a perception that the bjp wants to evolve a consensus, rajnath singh and m venkaiah naidu did not carry any name or a set of names.
sources said that on being asked by leaders of various parties, the ministers said that the government and bjp would like to finalise the candidate for president before the prime minister narendra modi leaves for his overseas tour on june 24.
both rajnath singh and naidu also met bjp veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi on friday.
the bjp president, in his separate meetings with party seniors rajnath, venkaiah, nitin gadkari, did not reveal any names but sought their views instead.
the bjp president wanted to know if there are any names the leaders wanted to suggest, said a source.
but how can a leader on his own suggest a name when they are not aware about the mind of either the prime minister or the bjp president, added the source underlining the dilemma top bjp leaders face.
so, while a section sought to suggest that venkaiah naidus inclusion in the panel of three meant his exclusion from the list, that logic, indirectly, would mean external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj could be in contention.
but both of them could be rejected on the ground that the pm needs them in his council of ministers.
given the public projection of the highest office, bjp leaders are still not sure what political signal modi and shah wan to send through their choice.
there are various signals  social criteria (dalit or tribal), geographical considerations (south india or north-east india), ideological (rss background or non-partisan background) among others  that party leaders are speculating about.
while the names of union minister thawarchand gehlot (a dalit), jharkhand governor draupadi murmu or karia munda (tribal leaders) have been speculated for long on the basis of social considerations, there has been conjecture regarding getting someone from south india as the bjp tries to widen its footprint.
naidus name was propped up with this argument, but there was also speculation on former cji and kerala governor p sathasivam who hails from tamil nadu.
sathasivam is among the few non-cadre people chosen by modi-shah duo for a raj bhawan.
a section of the bjp leaders, however, insist that the candidate should be a political person.
as for ideological considerations, there is speculation within the bjp that the party high command may opt for someone from within as this is the first opportunity for the saffron parivar to get its own to the highest office.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan is one name being mentioned in this context.
with no pressure from the rss, modi could pick an outsider sympathetic to the sangh.
one name also doing the rounds is that of vijay pandurang bhatkar, current chancellor of nalanda university, a technocrat who is considered the father of the indian supercomputer and president of the rss-affiliated vijnana bharati, which promotes swadeshi science.
bhatkar was one of the first personalities who backed the demonetisation exercise.
on friday, shiv sena leader udhav thackeray, who had proposed rss chief mohan bhagwat, said green revolution pioneer m s swaminathan should be considered.
shah is expected to meet thackeray during his three-day visit to mumbai that began on friday.
b'iize skromane identifying the body of her sister liga.
iize skromane identifying the body of her sister liga.
a decomposed body, suspected to be that of a missing latvian woman, was found with her head separated at thiruvallam near thiruvananthapuram.
liga skromane, 33, has gone missing from an ayurvedic centre in thiruvananthapuram rural district since march 14, where she has been undergoing treatment.
on saturday, her elder sister iize skromane identified the body, which was found trapped among shrubs at a riverside on friday.
the head was found half a meter away from the body.
thiruvananthapuram city police commissioner p prakash said prima facie the body appears to be that of liga, but added that police would go for scientific methods to ascertain that the body was that of the missing woman.
senior skromane today identified the body.
but, police would go for scientific methods including dna to ensure that the body is that of the missing woman.
the body was sent for postmortem after an inquest, said the commissioner.
read the story in malayalamthe commissioner said police have now registered a case for unnatural death.
only after getting the forensic report, we can ascertain the cause of death.
at present, i wont say the woman was murdered.
that the head was found separated from the body does not mean the woman was beheaded.
the body is in a highly decomposed state and looks a month old.
also, only a forensic report would indicate whether there was any sexual assault on the woman, said the commissioner.
after identifying the body, iize said, it is a murder.
we didnt get justice from police.
according to police, the sisters have reached kochi on february 2 and moved to the ayurvedic centre at pothenkodu near thiruvananthapuram for treatment.
liga has been reportedly depressed over her skin disease, for which she has been under treatment.
liga skromane, 33, has gone missing from an ayurvedic centre in thiruvananthapuram rural district, where she has been undergoing treatment.
liga skromane, 33, has gone missing from an ayurvedic centre in thiruvananthapuram rural district, where she has been undergoing treatment.
on march 14, liga went out for a walk outside the ayurvedic centre and later boarded an auto rickshaw from pothenkodu junction.
she was dropped at kovalam beach as per her request.
none has seen her since then.
the woman was then reportedly possessing about rs 1000.
but, she hadnt taken her passport or any other documents.
as police remained clueless about missing liga, her elder sister ilze had tweeted to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on march 22, please help, we are heart-broken and worried.
she had then declared a reward of rs 1 lakh to anyone who can provide lead about liga.
for last one month, iize and ligas friend alex have been touring various parts of kerala desperately trying to track down liga.
she had started a hashtag missing in kerala on facebook.
iize had also posted notices in many places, with the photo of her missing sister.
on april 18, she wrote on her facebook page, today was our flight home.
.
but im staying, its impossible even to imagine to get on flight without my sister there in no other sound left, but the sound of ticking thoughts.
with closed eyes i see the moment ill hug you once again, hope and faith, wings that carry us through the time between now and then, whispering voice keeps reminding, its yet another passing state, flow of change is not up for debate, its reality, life that we all know, but some sadness seems permanent, will it ever go?
today i feel like crying.
.
what to do.
.
what has happened to you.
thulasidas, owner of the ayurvedic center, where the sisters had stayed, said the sisters have been running a beauty shop in ireland.
liga was worried about her skin disease.
her depression stemmed from that worry about the disease.
a few days after checking into the centre for treatment, she has developed bonhomie with everyone here.
we all had gone in search of her in the city and premises, said thulasidas.
kiran bedi with v narayanasamy.
file photo kiran bedi with v narayanasamy.
file photoasserting that the powers of a lieutenant governor of a union territory are different from that of a state, puducherry lt governor kiran bedi has said that she could choose to overlook the legislature depending on circumstances, and that she would have a say in the budget for the coming year.
speaking to the indian express over the phone from puducherry, bedi said, while i have the power of an administrator and i hold the responsibility of finance and public services, they (the chief minister and mlas) only have legislative powers.
let me make it clear.
the rule that we follow is clear: i may or may not consult with the legislature, depending on how compelling are the circumstances.
that allowed me to suspend a senior official after he posted a porn video on an official whatsapp group.
watch what else is making newsin the interview, she added that the imbalance in allocation of money for urban and rural areas had left her disturbed.
which government wants to spend money on rural cleanliness, sanitation, roads and electricity?
also, the municipal budget is small.
i am going to correct all these mistakes in the new budget.
bedi and chief minister v narayanasamy, who heads the congress government in the state, have had a series of run-ins since she was appointed in may last year.
last week, she scrapped an order by narayanasamy that barred government officials from using the social media for official purposes.
denying that this was overreach on her part, the lt governor said, the media and those who called me a dictator should read the rules.
unlike a state governor, an lg of a ut is also an administrator.
i have final powers in crucial areas, including finance, public services and policy matters.
when these crucial powers rest with me, i am not planning to run my office as a post-office.
i will neither sit idle nor allow anyone to violate the rules.
on her order cancelling narayanasamys decision regarding social media, bedi said, as i told you, the services are completely with me.
if the cm is contradicting the rules, it is my duty (to stop it) that is what happened on his order banning social media.
narayanasamy had earlier too expressed unhappiness over the use of social media for official purposes.
in july, he had called a meeting of senior officials to tell them that they shouldnt bypass ministers, after bedi started directly communicating with them over 20-odd whatsapp groups.
however, that hasnt deterred the lt governor.
outspoken on twitter over her disagreements with narayanasamy, she often tags the official handle of the prime ministers office.
a day after she scrapped the cms order, she wrote, when a leader wants things done he will promote shared info.
when he wants control & dependence he will ensure they r kept divided/deprived.
on sunday, she took a dig at narayanasamy again for citing national security issues to curb the use of social media by officials, quoting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
bedi tweeted: this may be a cause of serious security concern to cm pondicherry?
we are adopting a new pattern here.
pl tweet your problem to the concerned indian embassy/authority and endorse the same to @sushmaswaraj.
the lt governor said narayanasamys stand that sharing official information over social media with servers abroad could endanger security doesnt hold water.
what is a whatsapp group?
it is nothing but a network.
in a government system, people in different departments are strangers although these departments are involved in getting things done.
my efforts to use social media have already formed a brilliant group of officials for effective coordination.
even if a department is independent, it has to work with another to clear a file.
when there is a medium where we all could meet and talk, thats the best way to make the system transparent.
there is no question of the official secrets act too, because whatever we share on social media  including transfer orders or appointment orders or other communications to resolve public grievances  are all information you can avail through rti too.
we are not dealing with any national security documents.
defending her decision to tag the pmo in her tweets, bedi told the indian express, i am committed to the pmo to make puducherry swachh.
i am working towards that too.
she had been making surprise visits to villages and markets as part of this effort, bedi said.
the visits too have been questioned for encroaching on the powers of the government.
it was wrong to call these visits proactive, bedi said, as it was my responsibility.
i cannot make puducherry swachh by sitting idle in the office.
lt governor is a functioning administrator.
whenever i go for visits, i alert the local mlas too.
unfortunately, i mostly get the reply that they are busy.
fine, they may be busy.
that doesnt stop me from doing my job.
bedi claimed the way the puducherry government has been run in the recent years forced her to act.
when the state budget has already become a debt trap, how can i be an onlooker here, especially when i am accountable for the money we get from the centre?
for how long will we borrow money to pay interests?
these issues are the outcome of puducherrys governance in the last 10 years.
we are borrowing money to pay salaries.
she added that she had been getting a lot of complaints about corrupt practices, though she didnt have any evidence.
if i get a solid complaint, i will order an inquiry.
if i catch them redhanded, they will be suspended.
bedi, who announced on saturday that she would relinquish office on may 29, 2018, after two years in office, claimed that she had already achieved much success.
if criticisms are on my working style, i am already a success.
i an empowering my officials, making them work together.
we have a fantastic team now.
of course, i am accountable too, she added.
i am accountable to the president of india.
condoling the death of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, senior bjp leader lal krishna advani called it an irreparable loss.
the nation has lost a remarkable leader.
i will miss sushmajis presence immensely.
may her soul rest in peace, his message read.
advertisingswaraj, 67, died of a cardiac arrest at aiims in delhi.
her last rites will be held at the lodhi crematorium in the national capital today.
advani recalled how swaraj as a promising young activist was inducted in his team when he was the president.
sushmaji was someone who i have known and worked with since the beginning of her illustrious innings in the bharatiya janata party.
and over the years, she became one of the most popular and prominent leaders of our party- in fact, a role model for women leaders, he said.
sushma swarajs last rites to be held today.
follow live updatesadvertisingcalling her a brilliant orator, advani wrote that he was amazed at her ability to recall incidents and present them with utmost clarity.
she touched everyone with her warmth and compassionate nature.
i do not recall a single year when she missed bringing my favourite chocolate cake to me on my birthday, he wrote.
the 67-year-old had not been keeping well lately and had opted out of 2019 lok sabha polls.
she is survived by husband swaraj kaushal and daughter bansuri.
in photos | see rare photos of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajprime minister narendra modi led the nation in paying her tribute.
a glorious chapter in indian politics comes to an end.
india grieves the demise of a remarkable leader who devoted her life to public service and bettering lives of the poor.
sushma swaraj ji was one of her kind, who was a source of inspiration for crores of people.
b'rajnath singh meeting with the prime minister of the republic of mauritius, pravind kumar jugnauth, in new delhi on friday.
pti photo / pib rajnath singh meeting with the prime minister of the republic of mauritius, pravind kumar jugnauth, in new delhi on friday.
pti photo / pibmauritian prime minister pravind jugnauth today arrived here on a three-day visit to india, during which he will meet his indian counterpart narendra modi and president pranab mukherjee.
jugnauth held discussions with home minister rajnath singh, railway minister suresh prabhu and petroleum and natural gas minister dharmendra pradhan today.
he will hold delegation-level talks with prime minister modi tomorrow, besides meeting defence and finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the mauritian premier will also meet president mukherjee and vice president hamid ansari tomorrow.
the militant socialist movement (msm) leader is accompanied by his deputy ivan collendavelloo, and senior officials including the cabinet secretary and finance secretary of mauritius.
this is jugnauths first visit abroad as prime minister after assuming office early this year.
modi had visited the island nation in march, 2015, as chief guest at the mauritian national day celebrations.
during his visit, modi had commissioned the opv barracuda, built by an indian shipyard and financed by india, into the mauritian coast guard.
the mauritian pms visit to india is part of our continuing engagement with the government of mauritius at the highest level and reflects special ties between our two countries, ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay had said yesterday.
b'vijay gokhales meetings in the tour were scheduled well in advance and was mainly meant to prepare for the first ever two-plus-two dialogue between the two countries.
(source: @meaindia on twitter) vijay gokhales meetings in the tour were scheduled well in advance and was mainly meant to prepare for the first ever two-plus-two dialogue between the two countries.
(source: @meaindia on twitter)foreign secretary vijay gokhale held meetings with top state department officials and discussed various bilateral issues, including shared interest in the indo-pacific region and americas support for new delhis emergence as a leading power.
gokhale, on his maiden visit to the us as indias top diplomat, met the under secretary of state for political affairs thomas shannon at the foggy bottom headquarters of the state department yesterday.
they discussed us-india strategic cooperation, shared interests in the indo-pacific region, and us support for indias emergence as a leading power and security provider, a state department spokesperson told pti.
indian ambassador to the us, navtej sarna and alice wells, who is currently state departments point person for south and central asia, were also present during the meeting.
no other details of the meeting was immediately available.
gokhales meetings in the tour were scheduled well in advance and was mainly meant to prepare for the first ever two-plus-two dialogue between the two countries.
officials from the either side have not yet announced any dates of such a dialogue, but it was previously scheduled for some time in mid-april.
the launch of two-plus-two dialogue was announced last summer when prime minister narendra modi had a successful meeting with us president donald trump at the white house.
the dialogue involves external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, defence minister nirmala sitharaman and their american counterparts.
trump fired secretary of state rex tillerson and nominated cia director mike pompeo to replace him.
pompeo needs to be confirmed by the senate before he can occupy the foggy bottom headquarters of the state department.
to keep pace with the ticking assembly polls clock, bharatiya janata party delhi chief vijay goel on wednesday announced that the party will celebrate the birth anniversary of b r ambedkar by arranging for a mass meal,in which party workers of all communities will eat together.
top party brass will attend the meal to give strength to delhi bjp presidents movement.
goel said rajnath singh,sushma swaraj,varun gandhi,anant kumar,ravi shankar prasad,nitin gadkari and shyam jaju are expected to join other senior bjp leaders in the meal.
criticising congress for not doing anything for the dalit community,goel said the literacy and graduation rate of dalits is very low compared to that of general category.
goel alleged that congress did not provide adequate medical facilities for dalits living in the capital.
goel announced that he will visit dalit colonies on foot to know the problems faced by them and to generate awareness about bjps schemes for them,if it comes to power.
to achieve this bjp has also constituted a core committee with councillors who belong to the dalit community.
we will organise medical camps for the dalits and also become facilitators between government hospitals and dalits.
we will assure that any dalit who approaches us will not face any problem in getting treatment in government hospitals, goel said.
the bjp-led municipal corporations did not provide notebooks to their students this academic session,but goel went on to promise better education for dalit students.
we will provide books to dalit students from class i to ias-level.
we will make groups of 10 students and pay the tuition fee of these students.
party will also tell every worker to employ at least one dalit.
we will ensure that dalit auto drivers,who have not been issued badges,will be given badges so that they can have their own autos, claimed goel.
goel alleged that congress-led delhi government failed to provide employment to dalits.
from 2003 to 2012,of the 10 lakh applicants only 12,000 people got jobs and of these 8,000 got jobs during commonwealth games as drivers and conductors.
we will ensure that people from the dalit community will get jobs, he said.
it is goels third such movement to woo communities that are traditionally not bjp voters.
rajnath singh arrives in islamabad on wednesday to take part in the saarc conference.
ap rajnath singh arrives in islamabad on wednesday to take part in the saarc conference.
apunion home minister rajnath singh reached islamabad wednesday to attend the saarc interior ministers conference.
while singh was flown in a helicopter to serena hotel in islamabad, which is also venue for thursdays meeting, pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif raised the kashmir issue.
speaking on the eve of the conference, he said, today kashmir is witnessing a new wave of freedom movement.
sharif, who will inagurate the conference, asked pakistani diplomats to apprise the world that kashmir was not an internal matter of india.
in islamabad, roads leading to serena hotel have been heavily barricaded by police and paramilitary forces to ward off any threat from terror groups.
let founder hafiz saeed and hizbul mujahideen chief syed salahuddin had warned of a countrywide protest in pakistan if singh arrived in islamabad to attend the conference.
despite tight security, around a hundred people gathered outside the hotel and raised anti-india slogans and protested against singhs visit.
before leaving new delhi, singh tweeted, leaving for islamabad to attend the saarc hm conference.
this conference provides a platform to discuss issues pertaining to security.
looking forward to underscore the imperative of meaningful cooperation within the region against terrorism and organised crime, he added.
singh, who is on his maiden visit to pakistan, is accompanied by a delegation comprising officials from home and external affairs ministries.
home secretary rajiv mehrishi, who reached islamabad tuesday, led the indian delegation at the saarc meeting of home secretaries.
the three-tier meeting began at the joint secretary-level and is moving on to the secretary and home minister-level.
according to home ministry officials, terror threat to south asia, visa problems and illegal arms and drugs trade are among issues that will be discussed at the conference.
ways to increase collaboration between police and security agencies of saarc countries and enhance intelligence sharing will also be on the agenda.
there is little possibility of singh having a bilateral meeting with his pakistani counterpart, chaudhry nisar ali khan in the wake of strained indo-pak relations after the killing of hizbul militant burhan wani in jammu and kashmir on july 8.
besides praising wani, sharif had also said that kashmir will one day become pakistan, a comment which evoked a sharp reaction from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who said his dream of the state becoming a part of his country will not be realised even at the end of eternity.
