india on friday launched an inquiry into the death of a nepalese citizen during a clash on the border after kathmandu said the man was killed in firing by indian security forces, as top indian leaders intervened to defuse tensions.
local residents said govinda gautam, 20, of kanchanpur district in southwestern nepal, was hit by shots allegedly fired by sashastra seema bal (ssb) personnel on thursday after a dispute over the construction of a culvert by nepalese authorities.
fresh clashes between nepalese nationals and ssb personnel were reported at two places on friday despite measures taken by both sides to control the situation.
several ssb personnel and at least a dozen civilians were injured, officials said.
around 500 nepalese nationals gathered at gauri phanta border check post at 9 am.
a few miscreants on the nepal side pelted stones at security officials, said akash deep, district magistrate of lakhimpur kheri in uttar pradesh.
stone pelting was also reported in basahi area, where some security personnel were injured.
people from the nepal side used sling shots to shoot glass marbles.
they repeatedly tried to provoke the (security) personnel, akash deep said.
another 36 people, including nine ssb personnel, were injured in thursdays clash.
movement across the border was suspended after the violence.
gautams death created tension in kanchanpur and hundreds protested outside the hospital where his body was kept.
nepal deployed armed police contingents to control the situation.
after nepals foreign ministry condemned the killing of an innocent nepali nationaldue to fire opened by the indian security forces, indias external affairs ministry said the ssb had launched an inquiry.
earlier, the indian embassy in kathmandu had denied any firing by ssb personnel.
nepals foreign secretary shanker das bairagi summoned indias deputy chief of mission, vinay kumar, and handed over a diplomatic note that sought a probe.
the nepali side asked india to stop such inimical activates.
national security adviser ajit doval spoke to nepal prime minister pushpa kamal dahal prachanda and said prime minister narendra modi had expressed sorrow over the incident.
doval told pracahanda india will extend all possible cooperation and requested nepalese authorities to provide the autopsy report and other information on the incident, an official statement said.
prachanda said he hoped india would take stern action against the guilty after a probe.
external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said, the government of nepal is being requested through diplomatic channels to share post-mortem and forensic reports to facilitate the process.
local officials from both sides held a meeting and agreed to maintain peace and order, he said.
nepals foreign minister prakash sharan mahat too discussed the incident with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during a phone call.
culvert being built in undemarcated section of borderindian officials said the nepalese side began constructing the culvert in an area near border pillar number 200, the status of which is yet to be decided.
the dispute began after pillar number 200 went missing some time ago, and the culvert is located in an area claimed by india.
residents on the nepalese side said the situation became tense on thursday after ssb personnel, accompanied by people from the indian border town of basahi, allegedly fired in the air.
but lakhimpur kheri district magistrate akash deep said when he had gone to the border to discuss the matter with nepalese officials, thousands of nepali citizens entered indian territory and set up a nepal flag.
he said border forces had to use teargas to disperse them and denied that any shots were fired.
ssb commandant dilbag singh said: ssb jawans on duty objected to (the construction)following this, nepalese people gathered there and pelted stones, resulting in injuries to seven ssb jawans and some civilians.
indian and nepalese officials agreed after consultations that status quo would be maintained till survey teams of both countries finalised the border.
a six-member team comprising officials from both sides will monitor developments and take steps to ease tensions.
the death of gautam triggered protests in some parts of nepal that were joined by activists of the ruling cpn-maoist center and opposition parties.
home minister bimalendra nidhi said gautam had been declared a martyr and the government will provide his family rs 1 million as compensation.
lawmakers from various political parties sought an answer from the government over the incident.
they criticised the government for surrendering to india and not seeking compensation.
the issue of tricolour doormats and slippers sold by online shopping portal amazon found echo in the rajya sabha on thursday with members raising concern over the matter and the government saying that action has been taken and they have had their desired effect.
members asked whether the government could impose a ban on sale of such products so that national emblems are not besmirched, whether there were provisions to stop insult to religious sentiments and if the government contemplated action against such e-commerce platforms.
minister of state for external affairs m j akbar said such things cannot be controlled as there is no international treaty on this, but confirmed action under two laws enacted in 1950 and 1971 to protect dishonouring of national emblems.
the incident occurred in two nations, canada and united states.
as soon as we got to know, our missions in ottawa and washington raised the issue at the highest possible level in every possible manner.
the issue went up to the owner, the person who runs amazon, jeff bezos.
action was taken by amazon and i think at this moment, we can be assured that this would not be repeated.
they (amazon) have written to us as well, he said.
amazon writes to swaraj, regrets sale of offending tricolour-themed doormatson whether such things can be controlled in future, he said, there is no international treaty on this.
akbar, however, said, a law was enacted in 1950 and another in 1971 to protect exactly those problems that have now come up.
we as a government do our utmost to see that our national honour and sentiments are not besmirched in any way and i hope that our efforts will yield results, he said.
the minister said, we take every possible recourse within our means and legal framework to check such things.
the actions we have taken have had the desired result.
the issue of amazon selling tricolour doormats and slippers on its websites had irked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had said such things were unacceptable and had threatened amazon management of rescinding visas to its officials if they did not stop such sales.
the body of a man from barmer district, who died in saudi arabias capital riyadh on february 19 in suspicious circumstances, was flown to jaipur on friday.
the body of raju das (38) will reach his native village kashmir in sheo tehsil on saturday morning, said local legislator manvendra singh who has been following up with the centre for the past 90 days to bring the body back.
raju had left for saudi arabia six months ago in search of a job.
he was working in riyadh as a cattle grazer, rajus brother kumbha ram said.
his family was informed of his death on february 19 by a relative who was working in saudi arabia.
the family sought help from the district administration and political leaders, including bjp mla manvendra singh, to bring the body back.
the mla said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had been in touch with the saudi arabia government to get the body back.
the delay in bringing back raju dass body was due to his death in suspicious circumstances, singh said.
he claimed that the riyadh police investigated the death as a case of suicide.
after the investigation was over, lack of some documents related to raju das caused further delay.
harish kathawale, deputy high commissioner at indian embassy in riyadh, informed the mla on thursday that rajus body had been released.
the body arrived at the jaipur airport in a flight around 3pm on friday.
after being informed by singh, rajus family members went to jaipur to receive the body.
raju is survived by his 65-year-old mother, 70-year-old father, his wife guddi devi and two kids ramesh (5) and kavita (3).
the congress on wednesday slammed the modi government over what it called foreign minister-level talks with pakistan, alleging with the end of electoral politics pro-pakistan policy has begun.
the sharp attack came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi exchanged pleasantries during a shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) meeting in bishkek on wednesday and sat next to each other during a joint call on kyrgyz president.
click here for lok sabha election results 2019reacting to the development, congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala tweeted, election over, votes garnered, pulwama martyrs forgotten!
foreign minister-level talks with pakistan begin, business as usual!
he added.
pakistan's new foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi listens during a news conference at the foreign ministry in islamabad, pakistan.
( reuters )electoral politics over, pro-pakistan policy begins, he said, posting a photograph of the two leaders sitting next to each other.
swaraj and qureshi attended the meeting of the council of foreign ministers (cfm) of sco, which was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
pakistani media reported that the two leaders sat next to each other during a multilateral meeting of the foreign ministers of the sco.
click here for election results 2019 coverageaccording to the photos published by the pakistani media, swaraj and qureshi were seen seated next to each other.
on being asked about the swaraj-qureshi meeting, the mea sources said the two leaders only exchanged pleasantries.
there was no meeting between them, they said.
the picture of the two leaders is from a joint call on on kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov, they said.
swaraj arrived in bishkek in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend the sco foreign ministers meeting.
india was granted the membership of the sco along with pakistan in 2017.
tensions between india and pakistan escalated after the february 14 pulwama attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror group which killed 40 crpf personnel.
amid mounting outrage, the indian air force carried out a counter-terror operation, hitting a jem training camp in balakot, deep inside pakistan on february 26.
the next day, pakistan air force retaliated and downed a mig-21 in an aerial combat and captured an indian pilot, who was handed over to india on march 1.
i am happy to inform about the release of two indian nationals midhun and edward who were abducted in south sudan.
they have reached the indian embassy in khartoum.
i appreciate the efforts of indian ambassador to south sudan srikumar menon for the release of indian nationals, she said in a series of tweets.
indians midhun ganesh and edward ambrose along with a pakistani, ayaz hussein jamali, were abducted by rebels from near their workplaces earlier this month in oil-rich upper nile state.
jamali has also been reportedly released.
following requests from indian and pakistani governments, the sudanese and ethiopian governments coordinated together to secure the release of the three oil workers, sudans national intelligence and security service said in a statement.
however, it did not specify when the hostages were released.
relief and a diplomatic victory are the big takeaways for india from an international courts provisional order on thursday that prohibits pakistan from executing an alleged indian spy until the verdict is out.
also, the hague-based international court of justices (icj) intervention is likely to bolster the narendra modi governments position that it will do everything to secure the release of former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav.
the 46-year-old was allegedly arrested in balochistan in march 2016 and a pakistani military court convicted him of espionage and sabotage this april.
india warned it would be considered a premeditated murder should pakistan hang an innocent man.
india scored diplomatic points against its arch rivals, but the danger to jadhavs life has not diminished as pakistan might reject the un courts order.
pakistan remained defiant and is likely to challenge the jurisdiction of the icj in matters of national security.
as far as pakistan is concerned, the decision has not changed the status of jadhavs case in any manner, the nations attorney general said.
jadhav was sentenced to death for spying and for acts of terrorism, and has ample time to petition for clemency.
we are determined to pursue this case to its logical end, he said.
there are fears that pakistan could hang jadhav before the icj pronounces its verdict, though indian foreign ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said the international courts order is legally binding.
the icj order is clear, favourable and unambiguous, he said.
but there are instances of the us sidestepping a similar order of the court to go ahead with execution orders.
india moved the icj citing imminent danger to jadhavs life, after pakistan didnt respond to 16 requests for consular access to the prisoner.
the court order didnt explicitly deal with this particular indian appeal to allow access to the man under the rules of the vienna convention on consular relations of 1963.
increasingly tense bilateral ties could ensure the jadhav case will drag on for months, if not years.
india accuses pakistan of supporting cross-border terrorism, especially in the restive kashmir valley, and holds the neighbour responsible for unprovoked shelling at frontier areas, and terrorist attacks on indian military bases.
islamabad blames new delhi for the insurgency in balochistan.
the two countries are no longer talking.
even routine bilateral exchanges were frozen.
foreign policy experts said a huge political will on both sides will be required to ease tension and improve ties.
amazon might have withdrawn indian flag-themed doormats that angered foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj but the online retail giants troubles appear far from over.
amazons united states arm sells shoes and shoe lace metal hoops bearing a likeness to the indian tricolour.
the product described as chukka canvas shoes, priced at $43.
99 (rs 3,000 approximately), and shoe lace accessories ($4.
49 or rs 300) are available on amazon from a los angeles-based company n.y.l.a.
the products were available on the website at the time of writing this article.
swaraj had warned amazon on wednesday that india would stop issuing visas to the firms employees and rescind those already granted if the e-commerce firm didnt withdraw all products insulting the national flag immediately.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017disrespect to the national flag is a punishable offence in india and can attract three-year jail term and a fine or both, according to the prevention of insults to national honour act, 1971.
apart from amazon, an american online retailer, caf press, was also found also selling t-shirts for canines with the indian national emblem imprinted on them.
the product is listed as indian coat of arms seal dog t-shirt and is priced at $19.
99 (rs 1362).
american online retailer caf press also sold t-shirts for canines with the indian national emblem imprinted on them.
(picture courtesy: screengrab)the state emblem of india (prohibition of improper use) act, 2005 makes the use of the emblem for the purpose of any trade, business, calling or profession or in the title of any patent, or in any trade mark or design, except in such cases and under such conditions as may be prescribed, a punishable offence.
however, like amazon several e-tailers, including those in india, have been selling products imprinted with national flags of other countries, but has not triggered much protest.
the us-flag imprinted on doormats, undergarments, cushion covers and shoes are widely sold online, both in india and abroad, by amazon and ebay among others.
according to the us flag code, it should not be embroidered, printed or otherwise impressed on such articles as cushions, handkerchiefs, napkins, boxes, or anything intended to be discarded after temporary use.
the union jack is also available on every conceivable product across stores in great britain.
it is marketed as towels, doormats, even as thongs, undergarments and vests.
us president donald trump called prime minister narendra modi on monday to congratulate him on his recent state election victories, white house press secretary sean spicer told reporters at a daily briefing.
the president had also called german chancellor angela merkel for her partys victory in a provincial election, spicer added.
details of both calls were awaited.
us president he mr. @realdonaldtrump called pm @narendramodi to convey his felicitations on the electoral results.
@potus  pmo india (@pmoindia) march 28, 2017while modis bjp won uttar pradesh and uttarakhand outright and formed the governments in goa and manipur with an alliance with other parties, merkels centrist-right christian democratic union won a state election in saarland.
this was the third publicly known phone conversation between modi and trump after latters victory in us presidential elections last november.
the first conversation took place on the morning after trumps upset win over democratic candidate hillary clinton.
the second took place after president trumps inauguration.
their officials and aides have spoken and met many times since trumps election, with the first team of indian officials meeting vice-president-elect mike pence.
prime minister narendra modi waves to his supporters while heading towards bjp headquarters to celebrates partys landslide victory in assembly elections in new delhi on march 12.
(raj k raj/ht photo)indian national security adviser ajit doval met his then counterpart michael flynn in december --- before the inauguration, but had to make another trip last week to meet hr mcmaster, his new counterpart, after flynn was forced to resign for lying about his contacts with russians.
doval also met secretary of defence james mattis on his recent visit.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and secretary of state rex tillersen spoke on phone, and foreign secretary s jaishankar met with the top us diplomat during a visit to the us earlier in march.
jaishankar, who was accompanied by commerce secretary rita teotia, also met mcmaster and president trumps top adviser on international economic affairs kenneth juster in the white house, commerce secretary wilbur ross and secretary for homeland security john kelly.
indian officials have felt generally good about these meetings.
overall our sense was that the administration has a very positive view of the (india-us) relationship and a very positive view of india, jaishankar had said after his meetings.
bjp president amit shah authorised on monday three senior ministers to negotiate with political parties a consensus candidate to succeed president pranab mukherjee, who demits office on july 24.
home minister rajnath singh, defence minister arun jaitley and information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu will seek to navigate not only testy ties with the opposition but also some of the governments own allies to find a common candidate.
should they fail presidential elections will be held on july 17.
nominations for candidates close on june 28.
the president is a largely ceremonial post, but in an increasingly polarised domestic political climate parties are seeking influence over an office that yields power when it comes to close elections or giving assent to controversial legislation.
for the opposition, the presidential elections are also an opportunity to rally a grand coalition of anti-bjp parties in the run up to the 2019 national elections.
there is no clarity on who prime minister narendra modi favours, although sources said his partys ideological mentor, the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), has sought to back either party veteran murli manohar joshi or foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for the job.
the opposition congress has already moved to rally support for an anti-bjp candidate.
earlier this month, 17 parties met to find a candidate who can ensure secular supervision from the countrys highest office.
they could meet again.
the bjp is 100,000 votes short of a majority, meaning it will not only have to retain the support of its allies but also rope in fence-sitters such as the aiadmk of tamil nadu, naveen patnaiks bjd from odisha and telanganas ruling trs to put its nominee in the rashtrapati bhawan.
the rss reported support for joshi might run into a legal wall.
the 83-year-old is facing trial for his alleged role in the demolition of the babri mosque in 1992 that triggered some of indias worst hindu-muslim riots.
the candidature of swaraj is also being backed by some rss leaders, sources said.
she is very popular; her proactive role in helping people has won her accolades.
there is a section that feels that the bjp should opt for a woman as the president and she fits the bill, one of the sources said.
jharkhand governor and tribal leader draupadi murmu is another name doing the rounds, but an rss source said she would be better suited for as vice president.
analysts say the negotiations are likely to be tough as fence-sitters could try to use the opportunity to flex their muscle or extract sops.
the shiv sena, the bjps largest ally, has already left the party uneasy by asking that rss chief mohan bhagwat be made the president.
bhagwat, though, has ruled out his candidature in the contest, which is decided by proportional representation vote by parliament members and state lawmakers.
shiv sena rajya sabha mp sanjay raut said the bjp should try to persuade bhagwat to change his mind.
if he has not shown interest in the post, the bjp-appointed committee should first speak to him and convince him to change his mind.
then the panel can speak to other nda allies, raut said.
whats victory without a loser to gloat over?
a hollow one, at best.
both the congress and the ruling bjp found themselves unable to rejoice over the elections to 43 civic bodies in madhya pradesh, the results of which were declared on wednesday, even though there was some reluctant celebration.
the congress should ideally have been buoyant, given that its tally went up by nearly 100  as compared to previous elections.
it bagged 15 urban bodies, showing a gain of seven valuable seats.
however, its happiness was tempered by the fact that most of these victories were achieved at the cost of independent candidates and parties other than its main political nemesis  the bjp.
the final tally of the saffron party showed only a marginal fall from 26 seats to 25.
the results were declared a day before bjp chief amit shah lands in bhopal for a three-day visit -- the first time a party national president stays at a state capital for three days.
shah will have meetings with party mps, mlas, office-bearers and others, and is expected to do some stern talking ahead of state elections next year.
it is mainly time for four leaders- chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, state bjp president nandkumar singh chauhan, general secretary in charge suhas bhagat and partys state affairs in charge vinay sahasrabuddhe, said a senior party leader .
the electoral contest had come immediately after the farmer agitation in june, when five protesters were killed in police firing at mandsaur.
though the congress had hoped to reap rich dividends from the popular unrest, the results show that turning the tables on the bjp still remains a distant dream.
dinesh gupta, senior journalist and political analyst, said the congress can still hope to depose the chouhan government in the 2018 assembly elections if it shrugs off its complacency and goes about putting its house in order.
for the bjp, it (the electoral results) is a wake-up call.
the party must take the anti-incumbency factor into account and use the rest of its time in power to do some damage-control, he added.
a small consolation for the congress came from its victory at shashabad in vidisha district, the home turf of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, currently represented by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lok sabha.
the party also won the balaghat and dindori seats, supposed strongholds of agriculture minister gaurishankar bisen and food and civil supply minister omprakash dhruve.
however, even that was negated by the bjps victories in a number of congress-held constituencies.
state congress president arun yadav preferred to put up a brave front, stating that the party was satisfied with the results.
equally unwilling to send out the wrong message amid party chief amit shahs visit to bhopal, state bjp president nandkumar singh chauhan also lost no time in trumpeting the partys victories in the civic body polls.
he attributed the partys electoral success to chief minister shivraj singh chouhans charismatic leadership.
a lot was at stake in the elections for chouhan, who led the party campaign from the front by addressing three dozen public meetings in a period of one week.
however, the bjps 25-seat win shows that the electorate in about one-third of the seats did not repose their faith in him.
two days after a suspected chinese helicopter violated indian airspace in uttarakhands chamoli, chief minister trivendra singh rawat discussed the sensitive issue at length with senior army and airforce officers here on monday.
he said it was not clear whether the helicopter that violated indian airspace over barahoti was a chinese copter.
we have no authentic information about that.
however, (airspace violation) being an issue concerning the international boundary, it is beyond our purview and the centre alone will consider it, he told hindustan times.
rawat downplayed his meeting with top army and airforce officials, saying it had got nothing to do with air space violation.
it was called to discuss ways and means to step up development to check forced migration from the border districts, he said about the closed-door meeting which was also attended by chief secretary s ramaswamy, two additional chief secretaries and the commissioners of garhwal and kumaon.
beijing has defended pla helicopters hovering over barahoti region, saying india and china have a territorial dispute in the eastern section of their boundary and the chinese military carry out regular patrolling in the relevant areas.
we hope that the two sides will make joint efforts to maintain tranquillity and peace in the border areas, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying told the media.
sources in indo-tibetan border police (itbp) said vigilance and security has been stepped up on the sino-indian border.
according to police authorities, the chinese helicopter violated indian airspace at 9:14am on saturday.
we cant say for sure that it was a chinese helicopter but it flew into indian airspace from the side of tibet, chamoli superintendent of police tripti bhatt told hindustan times.
she said the helicopter hovered over barahoti for about four minutes before it flew back.
sources in itbp said all top army and airforce authorities were immediately informed after the chinese helicopter was noticed over chamoli.
besides informing our superiors, we immediately stepped up vigilance and security on this side of the sino-india border, an itbp official said.
incidentally, itbp sought to downplay the episode.
such airspace violations are not a matter of concern as they happen as a normal course, especially in summer, when they (the chinese) deploy their troops on their side of the international border, said a senior itbp official.
in fact, such violations also happen from our side in winters when we fly helicopters along the international border to keep a vigil on our border outposts.
the itbp official said the sino-indian border touching uttarakhand is known as a white zone.
that means its a border area free of skirmishes between the troops from both sides.
the official downplayed former chief minister vijay bahugunas statement that the chinese troops intruded into barahoti area 35 times during his almost two-year tenure.
such intrusions mostly happened in 2013 because china became suspicious about air sorties carried out to supply succour for people hit by the cataclysmic floods.
despite being discharged over six months ago, four-year-old jagga continues to stay at the all india institute of medical sciences in the national capital, which has almost become like a second home for him.
jagga and his brother kaliya, also known as baliya, made headlines in october, 2017, when the heads of these craniopagus conjoined twins were separated by aiims doctors in a first of its kind successful rare surgery in india.
the twins, born in a poor adivasi family at milipada village under phiringia block in kandhamal district in odisha, had joint heads at the time of birth.
they were admitted to aiims in july 2017 when they were two years and four months old.
after a team of 20 doctors separated the siamese twins heads,jagga showed quick recovery even though he will need another surgery to graft the skull bone after he turns five.
his twin kaliya, however, still battles to lead a normal life and continues to be on the hospital bed.
but he continues to live in private ward no 6, which has been booked in kaliyas name since july, 2017.
jagga has to stay here even after being discharged because his parents need to look after kaliya who is still undergoing treatment, she explains.
sporting a special skull cap on his head, jagga can often be seen squealing, running and playing football in the corridors of the hospital.
the doctors, nurses, sanitation staff, guards and liftmen also give him friendly attention.
we have become quite fond of jagga and enjoy his little acts of mischief.
he is like a family member now since he has been living here for such a long time, says ajay, a sanitation worker who often plays with the child.
jagga is very happy here as everyone treats him well.
but sometimes, he misses playing with children of his age, rues his father bhuyan kanhar, a farm labourer.
though he has never been to school, jagga knows both english and hindi alphabets by heart.
jagga spends a lot of time in the company of the hospital staff who have taught him etiquettes also, adds bhuyan.
like most children these days, jagga is also obsessed with the mobile phone.
even though there is a wall-mounted led tv in the room, he mostly plays on the phone, says his mother pushpanjali.
much to jaggas delight, who is fond of fish, he gets to eat his favourite food thrice a week, courtesy odisha bhawan, says bhuyan.
he also informs that the odisha government has not only paid for surgery and medical expenses but also arranged a car for local conveyance and all three meals from odisha bhawan on a daily basis.
we sometimes use the car to take jagga around delhi.
a year after the surgery, we took him to india gate where he enjoyed himself, recalls bhuyan.
the couple is looking forward to going home when the doctors discharge kaliya.
we have not visited our home since the twins were admitted here around 2 years ago, as kaliyas condition continues to be critical.
but he have been told that he may be discharged soon, he says.
a drug addict was arrested on monday for allegedly killing a 27-year-old techie from telangana in california last week, tweeted foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
vamsi chander reddy mamidala from warangal district was found dead with bullet injuries near the garage of his apartment at milpitas in santa clara county.
swaraj, who assured all assistance to vamsis family, sent out a series of tweets.
i am pained to know about the tragic death of your brother vamshi mamidala.
my heartfelt condolences to your family.
i have got report from our consulate in san francisco.
the report says vamshi was killed by a drug addict on friday evening at milpitas.
the culprit has been arrested.
our consulate is in touch with your family.
we assure you of all help and assistance.
according to vamsis family, the incident happened when he was returning home after completing his part-time shift at a local store in milpitas.
his father mohan reddy mamidala, a farmer from vangapahad, told media that he had received a call from the us police on sunday morning stating that his son was shot dead from a close range by an unknown miscreant.
vamsi had completed his b tech from vathsalya institute of science and technology at bhongir in yadadri district of the state in 2014 and left for the us to pursue his ms.
after completing his ms degree recently, vamsi started doing a part-time job at a departmental store in the us and had been looking for a permanent employment.
he was in regular touch with us.
he called me on friday and was worried about the dwindling job opportunities in the us following the restrictions imposed by the new government.
i told him to come back to india, if he did not get any job there.
but he has now gone forever, a wailing reddy said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has directed indian mission in the uae to follow up the investigation by local police regarding the death of three indians during a fire in a diesel tank.
@cgidubai has informed me about the unfortunate death of three indian nationals kishan singh, mohan singh and ujendra singh all employees of al-ameer used oil trading in a diesel tank in sharjah.
it appears the cause of death is suffocation, she said in a series of tweets.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved families.
our mission will provide them all help and assistance, she said.
my heartfelt condolences to the bereaved families.
our mission will provide them all help and assistance.
/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 12, 2017i have asked our mission to follow up investigation by the police, swaraj tweeted.
according to a khaleej times report, sharjah police have launched an investigation to rule out criminal acts behind the deaths which occurred in al sajaa area.
the bodies have been sent for autopsy, it said.
saudi arabia said on thursday it is addressing the concerns of some 43 indian workers employed by a firm in the kingdom, with six having already been repatriated and another 12 set to return soon.
saud bin mohammed al-sati, the saudi arabian envoy, rejected reports that the indians were being held captive by the firm and had been denied their wages.
the issue came to light on tuesday after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj responded to a request for help from telangana it and nri affairs minister kt rama rao and directed the indian envoy to saudi arabia to rescue the indian workers.
six workers have already come back and the papers of another 12 have been processed and they too will come back.
another 25 have expressed a desire to return and this is being looked into, al-sati told hindustan times.
after the indians had approached the saudi labour ministry, their case was referred to a tribunal that looks into the problems of foreign workers.
the ministry had sent a team to inspect the place where they were working and their residential quarters.
after the inspection, the employer was told to give them better accommodation.
they are being given food and their wages have been paid till february.
the reports that they are being held captive are incorrect, al-sati said.
the telangana minister had written to swaraj seeking help for rescuing the workers, who he said were employed by al-hajry, a saudi firm with interests in real estate and consulting services.
the state minister had alleged the indians had been held for 12 days without food or basic amenities.
javed - plz help the indian workers and send a report to me and mr. k t rama rao.
https://t.
co/wl5pjdjef7  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 21, 2017al-sati said his country had no tolerance for firms that violate the rights of workers.
saudi arabia has welcomed indian workers since the 1950s and you find them in many sectors, from construction to hospitality and engineering and it, he said.
the envoy acknowledged that saudi firms had been restructuring because of economic conditions but noted that there had not been a fall in the number of visas issued for indian workers in 2015 and 2016.
we issued nearly a million visas for indians and after excluding those going for the haj, the rest are for workers and business-related visits, he said.
however, job losses because of the slowdown in the saudi economy, caused by low oil prices and a cut in government spending, has become a significant concern for the indian government.
the more than 3 million-strong indian community in saudi arabia is the largest expatriate community in the kingdom.
prime minister narendra modi has just completed a tour of indonesia, malaysia and singapore.
implicit in much what he did was an indian desire to support south-east asian attempts to stand up to an overweening chinese presence in the region.
ht looks back to 1992 when the then prime minister, pvl narasimha rao, first announced the largely economic look east policy and how it evolved into a cornerstone of indias strategic doctrine.
when rao first conceived the idea of india engaging more closely with the association of south-east asian nations (asean) countries, he was most interested in attracting investment to finance his new economic reforms.
his september 1992 speech n singapore spoke about old cultural ties and new economic opportunities.
countering chinese influence was a distant second on the list of motives.
rao criss-crossed south-east asia building personal ties with the regions leaders and hard-selling the new indian economy.
a thai journalist dubbed him the ninja turtle.
a much younger mahathir mohamad ruled malaysia at the time while singapore was still under the legendary lee kuan yew.
south-east asian leaders were shocked when rao was defeated in the elections.
but look east, a phrase coined by former foreign secretary salman haidar a year after the original 1992 speech, remained embedded in indias foreign policy.
what happened?
india slowly saw its political ties with asean grow.
by 2001 it became an.
east asia summit partner.
it negotiated free trade agreements and was invited to defence groupings such as the asian regional forum.
not all south-east asian countries were initially enthusiastic about embracing india.
the second asean trade agreement was delayed for years because of foot-dragging by manila.
but from 2003, look east took on a new shape.
one, its geographical footprint spread to encompass australia and japan.
two, it began developing a military and strategic colour as china began enforcing a territorial claim on the south china sea.
it made sense when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj rebranded it act east in 2014.
significanceasia is today a key geopolitical player compared to what it was in 1994.
the us and japan are now among the largest investors in india, partly for strategic reasons.
china now seeks to bring asean to its side, project its power into the indian ocean and beyond.
local governments are reacting differently to this flux.
cambodia has chosen to align with china.
every few months, a new strategic geometry is announced.
now there are quads, security diamonds, maritime fulcrums and countless trilaterals.
one term finding traction, and the topic of an entire modi speech last week, is indo-pacific.
translation: the indian and pacific oceans are one strategic space.
look east is today part of something much larger.
kulbhushan jadhav gained a temporary reprieve on thursday as the international court of justice ordered pakistan not to execute the former indian navy officer convicted of alleged espionage and terrorism, rejecting islamabads argument that the uns top legal body did not have jurisdiction in the case.
pakistan sought to play down the significance of the order, saying it amounted to maintaining status quo in jadhavs case and that it was determined to take the matter to its logical end.
it added jadhav would be provided every opportunity and remedy to defend his case and had ample time to petition for clemency.
three days after india and pakistan presented their arguments, ronny abraham, president of the united nations highest court in the hague, read out the order: pakistan shall take all measures at its disposal to ensure that mr jadhav is not executed pending the final decision in these proceedings and shall inform the court of all the measures taken in implementation of the present order.
external affairs ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said the order was unanimous, clear and unambiguous and would will help remedy the violation of jadhavs rights.
he noted the icjs order was internationally binding.
however, the icj has no means to enforce its rulings and they have sometimes been ignored.
the icj order has come as a great relief to the familly of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 18, 2017in provisional measures adopted unanimously, the 12-judge tribunal said it would remain seized of the matters in its order until it gives a final judgment.
at the hearing on monday, india described jadhavs trial as a serious miscarriage of justice because indian diplomats were not granted consular access to him and he wasnt allowed to choose his defence lawyer.
india argued these restrictions amounted to a breach of the 1963 vienna convention on consular relations.
pakistan claimed the icj did not have the jurisdiction to take up jadhavs case as it was a national security issue, and that the court did not need to issue an order to stay the execution because it wasnt imminent.
however, the icj concluded on thursday it had prima facie jurisdiction as pakistans alleged failure to provide consular notifications about jadhavs arrest and to allow communication and provide access to him fell within the scope of the vienna convention.
indias contention about the violation of jadhavs rights to consular access are plausible, the icj added, without making it clear whether pakistan must now allow indian diplomats to meet him.
the icj also agreed with indias arguments about the urgency of jadhavs case, saying the mere fact that mr jadhav is under a death sentence and might therefore be executed is sufficient to demonstrate the existence of a risk of irreparable prejudice to the rights claimed by india.
the icj noted that pakistan had indicated that any execution would probably not take place before the month of august 2017.
this means that there is a risk that an execution could take place at any moment thereafter, before the court has given its final decision in the case.
the court also notes that pakistan has given no assurance that mr jadhav will not be executed before the court has rendered its final decision, it said.
former attorney general harish salve, indias lead lawyer at the icj, was praised by prime minister narendra modi and sushmaswaraj swaraj for his strong defence of jadhav.
modi telephoned swaraj to thank her and appreciate the efforts of salve, officials said.
salve, who took a token fee of re 1 to appear in the icj, told a tv news channel: i felt a positive energy when i was arguing the case.
i felt judges were connecting.
i felt gratified.
i did not feel that connection when the other side was arguing.
he added, it was a complicated subject.
we worked hard and prima facie got acceptance on all our points.
we are now a lot more emboldened and a lot more invigorated.
pakistan says jadhav, 46, was arrested in march last year in the restive balochistan province.
in april, a military court sentenced him to death for alleged involvement in spying and subversive activities.
india has contended he was kidnapped from the iranian port of chabahar and his secret trial was a farce.
prime minister narendra modi will travel to nepal on a two-day visit on may 11 while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to myanmar, also on a two-day visit, on may 10, the ministrys official spokesperson, raveesh kumar, said on thursday.
ht had first reported that the pm would travel to nepal, his third during his tenure but first after the promulgation of the new nepali constitution in 2015.
this comes barely a month after nepal prime minister kp sharma olis three-day visit to india in april.
oli was accompanied by his wife radhika shakya and an entourage of ministers, members of parliament, secretaries and other high-ranking officials of nepal government.
he had highlighted indias commitment to link nepal with the waterways along with the railways links to increase the connectivity.
during olis visit, both india and nepal recognised the untapped potential of inland waterways, in order to contribute towards the overall economic development of the regionswaraj will pay a two-day visit to myanmar from may 10 during which key bilateral and regional issues, including the situation in the rakhine state from where hundreds of thousands of persecuted rohingya muslims had fled following violence last year, are likely to be discussed.
swaraj would hold talks with the top leadership of myanmar and both sides were expected to ink several key agreements, the mea spokesperson said.
visit of experts to pakistan normal, says meathe spokesperson termed as normal the visit of a group of indian experts to pakistan to revive track ii diplomacy, but asserted that there was no dilution in its policy towards islamabad that talks and terror cannot go hand-in-hand.
this is a meeting between two civil societies, this is a meeting which is part of people to people exchange.
.
.
there is nothing new in it, he told reporters, responding to queries on the issue.
prime minister narendra modi on tuesday said he held fruitful talks with visiting nepal president bidhya devi bhandari.
we are honoured to welcome president bidya devi bhandari of nepal.
had fruitful talks with her, modi tweeted after calling on bhandari at rashtrapati bhavan where she is staying.
we are honoured to welcome president bidya devi bhandari of nepal.
had fruitful talks with her.
pic.
twitter.com/5dfcsnpjfj  narendra modi (@narendramodi) april 18, 2017earlier in the day, bhandari was accorded a ceremonial welcome at the forecourt of rashtrapati bhavan.
later, she paid tribute to mahatma gandhi at rajghat.
following this, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the visiting dignitary.
the nepal president arrived in new delhi on monday on a five-day visit to india at the invitation of president pranab mukherjee.
this is bhandaris maiden foreign tour after assuming office in october 2015.
she is accompanied by a 33-member delegation that includes foreign minister prakash sharan mahat and peace and reconstruction minister sita devi yadav, five women mps and senior officials.
she will also visit gujarat and odisha before returning to kathmandu on friday.
fear, hurt and disbelief weighed on the minds of those who gathered at a sikh temple sunday after the shooting of a sikh man who said a gunman approached him in his suburban seattle driveway and told him go back to your own country.
everybody who is part of this community needs to be vigilant, satwinder kaur, a sikh community leader, said as several hundred people poured into a temple in renton for worship services about one mile from friday nights shooting.
it is scary, she added.
the community has been shaken up.
authorities said a gunman approached the 39-year-old sikh man as he worked on his car in his driveway in the city of kent, about 20 miles south of seattle.
the fbi will help investigate the shooting, authorities said.
kent police chief ken thomas said the department is investigating the shooting as a hate crime.
he said no arrests have been made yet after the victim was shot in the arm but that he did not believe anyone was in imminent danger.
this is a top priority investigation, and we are doing everything possible to identify and arrest the suspect, thomas said in an email, adding that residents in the city of about 125,000 should be vigilant but also not let the shooting hurt their quality of life.
a sikh boy listens during a vigil in honour of srinivas kuchibhotla, an immigrant from india who was recently shot and killed in kansas, at crossroads park in bellevue, washington.
(reuters)the fbis seattle office said in a statement sunday that it is committed to investigating crimes that are potentially hate-motivated, the seattle times reported.
the shooting comes after an indian man was killed and another wounded in a recent shooting at a kansas bar that federal agencies are investigating as a hate crime after witnesses say the suspect yelled get out of my country.
friday nights shooting was on the minds of many who gathered at a sikh temple in nearby renton sunday morning for worship.
women in colorful saris and headscarves and men wearing turbans sat on the floor on opposite sides inside the worship space.
as they entered and left the services, many expressed fear that one of their own was targeted and said theyre scared to go to the store or other public places.
some said they have noticed an uptick in name-calling and other racist incidents in recent months.
still others expressed hurt and disbelief at the lack of understanding and ignorance.
sikhism teaches about equality and peace, said sandeep singh, 24.
its sad to see thats what it has come to, he said of the violence.
this is our country.
this is everyones country.
gurjot singh, 39, who served in the marine corps and is an iraq war veteran, said he was dismayed that people think others who look different arent equal or dont contribute equally to the community.
satwinder kaur, left, watches as people arrive for sunday services at the gurudwara singh sabha of washington, a sikh temple in renton, washington.
(ap photo)this is equally my country as it is your country, he said.
it doesnt anger me.
it hurts me.
hira singh, a sikh community leader, said there have been increasing complaints recently from sikhs near seattle who say they have been the target of foul language or other comments.
this kind of incident shakes up the whole community, he said, adding that about 50,000 members of the faith live in washington state.
kent councilwoman brenda fincher went to the temple sunday to show support for the community.
when a hate crime happens, we have to stand up and make sure everyone knows its not acceptable, she said.
kent police have not identified the man or released other information.
but indias foreign minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, identified the victim on twitter early sunday, saying, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a u.s. national of indian origin.
she said she had spoken to rais father, who told her rai is out of danger and recovering in a hospital.
rai told police a man he didnt know came up to him friday night and they got into an argument, with the suspect telling rai to go back to his homeland.
he described the shooter as 6 feet tall and white with a stocky build, police said.
he said the man was wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
all of the information that i have available at this time suggests that the information provided by the victim is credible, thomas, the police chief, wrote.
sikhs have previously been the target of assaults in the u.s. after the sept.
11, 2001, attacks, the backlash that hit muslims around the country expanded to include those of the sikh faith.
men often cover their heads with turbans, which are considered sacred, and refrain from shaving their beards.
in 2012, a man shot and killed six sikh worshippers and wounded four others at a sikh temple near milwaukee before killing himself.
the sikh coalition, a national civil rights group, on sunday said everything must be done to confront this growing epidemic of hate violence.
we are all accountable for what happened in kent, washington on friday night, jasmit singh, a seattle-area community leader, said in a statement.
raj singh ajmani, who lives in bellevue, said he was shocked by the shooting.
when it happens in your own community, you realize the danger and the times were living in, he said before heading to service.
some people worry that more such violence will occur because of president trump.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday wished a speedy recovery to the american, who was injured while intervening in the shooting that killed an indian engineer in the us, and said india salutes his heroism.
india salutes the heroism of ian grillot!
best wishes for a speedy recovery, swaraj tweeted.
srinivas kuchibhotla, 32, was killed and alok madasani, of the same age, was injured in the shooting by 51-year-old us navy veteran adam purinton who allegedly yelled get out of my country.
india salutes the heroism of ian grillot !
best wishes for a speedy recovery.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 27, 2017grillot, 24, tried to intervene and received injuries in the firing in austins bar and grill in olathe, kansashe is recovering in a hospital after being shot in the hand and chest.
nearly 8,000 students from lucknow university (lu) will join prime minister narendra modi in international yoga day celebrations to be organised at ramabai rally sthal in lucknow on june 21.
a grand event is being planned for the pm in which 51,000 participants, including students, ncc and nss cadets and scouts will participate.
a meeting of principals of colleges was organised at lus malviya hall on wednesday.
lu vice-chancellor prof sp singh presided over the meeting.
he said colleges had been advised to send at least two busloads of participants each.
one full bus means 50 participants.
the government will provide one bus for every 50 participants.
they will be picked up and dropped back also, he said.
the lu v-c said all participants will be trained by yoga experts.
one trainer will be available at the proposed site for each group of 50 participants.
a rehearsal will be conducted on june 19 and every participant will be provided with a t-shirt for yoga day.
participants are required to fill up a registration form available with colleges as well as on the lu website.
colleges will submit hard copies of forms to the university nss coordinator rakesh dwivedi by may 26.
in addition, the participants list will have to be e-mailed to dr.
rakeshdwivedi@gmail.comlu spokesperson prof nk pandey said, all participants of international yoga day as well as the participating colleges will receive certificates.
colleges that show maximum cooperation and participation will be awarded by the lucknow university and also by the state unit of nss.
around 5,000 students of city montessori school will perform yoga with pm narendra modi on the forthcoming third international yoga day.
students are enthusiastically practising yoga these days.
daily camps are being organised on cms campuses and yoga trainers have also been roped in.
as part of the celebrations, a 72-member team of cms students will also perform yoga at the united nations headquarters in new york.
un secretary general antonio guterres will attend the programme.
cms students also visited the un headquarters in 2015 to perform yoga, accompanied by union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and spiritual guru ravi shankar.
the then united nations secretary general ban ki-moon also took part in the celebrations.
anti-alcohol groups spearheaded by women have found a new resolve to press for the removal of bottle shops in residential areas, after the supreme court banned liquor sale within 500 meters of national and state highways.
protesters have poured on to streets to stop the highway booze dens from relocating to residential neighbourhoods, a crafty ploy to beat the distance ceiling set by the top court.
besides slogans, petitions and the occasional muscle-flexing, the residents are seeking divine intervention to ward off the evil  installing deities of gods and goddesses outside relocated shops.
drinking is considered a social evil in traditional india, and women have been at the forefront of the fight against alcohol abuse as many marriages and families have been blighted by drunkards.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar, who kept his 2015 poll promise of banning the sale and consumption of alcohol in bihar, suggested that prohibition is the best way out.
the shops will shift to towns and villages (from near highways).
the states should think of prohibition, he said.
like bihar, several states in india are dry or dont allow people to sale, buy and drink alcohol.
but the majority are reluctant to go for total prohibition, as the liquor tax called excise duty is the second biggest revenue-grosser for most states.
the revenue volume can be gauged from the fact that india boasts of the worlds largest whiskey market.
several states are unhappy with the supreme courts ban, and have asked the centre to file a review petition.
union tourism minister mahesh sharma said the government is looking at a middle path.
but women are on a warpath already, encouraged by the court order.
tamil naduresidents of tiruvallur, a village 50km west of chennai, assaulted a policeman on tuesday during a hot-tempered protest over the shifting of a liquor shop from near the main road to close to their homes.
that was one of many protests happening across the state, where a public sector undertaking runs all liquor vends that, conversely, giving a livelihood to around 12,000 people.
madhya pradeshthe central state has been recording mounting protests against liquor shops of late.
people ransacked a shop in sagar when the contractor refused to shift the outlet to another location.
in a raisen village, a makeshift shop was set on fire.
the residents have been demanding its closure.
protests have been reported from the bundelkhand region, satna, indore and vidisha, the parliamentary constituency of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
rajasthanmore than 20 women, some carrying infants, have been guarding the small town of kanwat in sikar to prevent the opening of a liquor shop.
similar protests by women have been reported in barmer, kota and bharatpur.
uttar pradeshpeople in bareilly held protests against liquor shops being moved to their localities on monday.
in shahjahanpur district, protesters blocked traffic on national highway 24 over plans to shift a shop to their village.
in meerut, women put deities outside a liquor vend as a mark of protest.
uttarakhandprotests stonewalled the excise departments plan to shift 103 shops to new locations.
in champawat, women marched with axes, sticks and stones, and refused to move from a proposed site of a shop.
in rudraprayag, protesters vandalised a shop and emptied liquor bottles in the mandakini river.
haryanawomen from thapli village in panchkula poured liquor from a newly-opened shop and set the liquid on fire.
in kedarpur near pinjore, a shop was razed.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has convened a meeting of chief ministers of seven north-eastern states on may 4 to discuss indias act east policy and delhis relationship with countries in south east asia, people familiar with the matter said on condition of anonymity.
after hosting ten asean (association of south east asian countries) leaders in delhi in january, the government is looking at stepping up ties with countries in the region that could bring economic benefit to the north-eastern states and fulfil countrys strategic objectives.
the chief ministers will also be briefed about countrys ties with the grouping of bay of bengal (bimsetc) countries.
the meeting is aimed at updating some of the chief ministers who have been elected recently, a government official said.
prime minister narendra modi has repeatedly said that the north-east is at the heart of governments act east policy, a rechristening of the look east policy launched by pv narasimha rao government in early 1990s.
we created the act east policy and the north east is at the heart of it.
the act east policy requires increased people to people contact, trade ties and other relations with countries to indias east, particularly asean members, modi said in guwahati in february.
the north-eastern states recognise that the policy could help them economically.
many of the initiatives under the act east policy such as the kaladan multi mode transport project (connecting north east to myanmar) and india-myanmar-thailand trilateral highway can immensely benefit the north east, said rajat kumar sethi, adviser to manipur chief minister nongthombam biren singh.
states in the region could benefit from the act east policy through more trade, investment, and infrastructure development, added prem d rai, a lok sabha mp from the sikkim democratic front (sdf).
though india-asean trade is around $70 billion, just 1  of it passes through the north east.
that can be changed.
thailand is a 10 hour drive from manipur, and if we improve infrastructure the state can benefit immensely from the trade with asean, rai added.
jaswanti devi, the in-charge of the apna ghar shelter who was sentenced to life imprisonment for sexual exploitation, allowed her family and staff to sexually abuse the inmates but managed to keep things quiet by isolating the victims.
the inspection reports of the national council for the protection of child rights (ncpcr) details devis exploits and how she turned her shelter into a house of terror for the inmates.
the 53-year-old was arrested in 2012 after the ncpcr conducted a raid of the shelter and rescued nearly 120 inmates.
the raid uncovered what is considered one of the regions worst sexual crimes.
inmates, who included minors, adults and disabled, were subjected to shocking sexual and physical abuse by devi, several of her family members and staff.
devis daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were convicted by a cbi court.
read | rohtak apna ghar case: court testimony of victims reveals house of horrorthe report said no inmate was allowed to go outside the complex, even for a short while, restricting them to the shelter and their contact with the anyone outside.
while the children were not sent to school, most of the older inmates were either destitute or without support.
added to this, they were all terrified of devi and their abusers, and thus didnt have the courage to tell any visitor about what was happening, the report added.
during the court proceedings, several of devis victims testified to being used as prostitutes, being raped by her son-in-law jai bhagwan, and being sexually assaulted by the driver.
the report said that police officers, especially station house officer of gandhi camp, was believed to be a frequent visitor at the shelter, which further discouraged the victims from seeking police help.
sentencing in multiple crimes jaswanti was sentenced life term for abetting rape being head of the shelter home (section 109 to be read with section 376 of ipc), besides her conviction on other charges, including criminal intimidation, compulsory labour, criminal conspiracy, causing hurt to inmates etc.
she was also convicted under sections 4 and 5 of immoral trafficking act for sending inmates to people outside shelter home for sexual abuse, besides the juvenile justice act for pushing minors into sexual abuse.
but the cbis probe could not trace jaswantis clients as it claimed that victims could not identify people outside the shelter.
however, the rape charges against jai bhagwan, a regular visitor in the apna ghar, and driver satish were proved, and they were sentenced for life term for raping inmates (section 376), besides intimidating and hurting them.
jaswantis brother, jaswant, who was a government teacher, was found guilty of rape, but was given minimum sentence of seven years in this case as cbi could not prove the gravity of offence committed by him.
whenever a government official or celebrity did visit the shelter, devi ensured she that inmates did not interact with the guestswithout being accompanied by her or her staff, the ncpcr report added.
before any high profile guest visit, devi would also threaten the inmates, forbidding them from speaking to any outsider or complaining of punishments and others matters such as food, clothing, education, etc.
the report also said the shelter had photos devi with politicians and senior officials, indicating there had been several high profile photographs.
vinod kumar tikoo, who headed the ncpcr raid at apna ghar, said despite several victims accusing police of allegedly helping jaswanti in her activities, the cbi did not prosecute any official.
recalling the raid, tikoo said details of the raid were kept secret and top district officials were informed before the team reached reaching rohtak.
jaswanti came to know of about the visit before we came here.
however, she had a very less time to make cosmetic arrangements, he said.
devi was sentenced to life along with jai bhagwan and satish by a special cbi court on friday.
her brother jaswant was awarded seven years imprisonment.
three other accused  daughter sushmaswaraj and employees sheela and veena  were let off with time served.
two more employees, roshini and r parkash saini, were released on probation.
anil malhotra, the lawyer who headed the high court-appointed special investigation team (sit) and on whose report the case was handed over to the cbi, said the punishment was commensurate to the gravity of the heinous offences.
the government machinery must carry out stringent checks to prevent such abuses of children in care homes, he said.
tikoo called the verdict satisfying and said it would surely be a deterrent, but said the case should have been concluded much earlier, as it would have cut short the mental trauma the victims endured during trial.
doctor randeep guleria, head of the department of pulmonary medicine, has been appointed the director of all india institute of medical sciences (aiims).
guleria will take over from dr mc mishra, who headed the institute for three years.
the appointments committee of the cabinet has approved the appointment of randeep guleria, professor and head, department of pulmonary medicine and sleep disorders at aiims, new delhi, to the post of director, aiims, a dopt order said.
guleria has been appointed for five years from the date of assumption of charge or till attaining the age of 65 until further orders, the order said.
guleria joined the institute 23-years-ago as an assistant professor and the department of pulmonary medicine and sleep disorders was created under his leadership in 2011.
he has worked as a personal physician to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and has also treated union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
he was awarded the padma shree in 2015 and dr bc roy award, the most prestigious award for medical professionals, in the eminent medical persons category in 2014.
guleria comes from a family of doctors.
in fact, his father, js guleria, also served as the dean of aiims.
his brother, sandeep guleria, also worked in aiims before joining as a kidney transplant surgeon at indraprastha apollo.
dr randeep guleria was among the three persons who made the final shortlist sent to the prime ministers office for the aiims top post.
the others shortlisted were head of department of paediatrics dr vk paul and cardiology professor dr balram bhargava.
fifty-three doctors, including 35 from outside aiims, had applied for the post of the director of aiims, which is indias best medical college, research and hospital established by an act of parliament in 1956.
the hospital treats more around 12,000 people in its out-patient department every day.
an air ambulance from india has crash-landed en route to bangkok, killing the pilot and injuring two doctors of gurgaons medanta hospital.
the plane was carrying five people and it caught fire before crash-landing near bangkok, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on monday.
a nurse and another pilot too were reportedly on the flight.
the air ambulance of medanta hospital with five member crew caught fire and crashlanded near bangkok.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 6 march 2017our mission has just informed me that we have lost pilot of the air ambulance arunaksha nandy.
/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 6 march 2017the doctors injured in the accident are from the departments of emergency and anaesthesia.
yes, they (the doctors) have had burn injuries in the accident, but fortunately the injuries are not life-threatening, said a hospital source, requesting anonymity.
a separate team of doctors from medanta left for thailand later on sunday to ensure proper treatment for the injured.
they will help in transferring the injured from local hospital to a proper health facility, said the source.
the aircraft, pilatus pc 12 (vt-avg), belonged to delhi-based charter company, air charter services.
it had taken off from delhi at 8.
42am on sunday.
it then took a refuelling stop in kolkata en route to bangkok and crash-landed at nakhon pathom airport, about 730km from bangkok, late sunday afternoon.
the hospital had hired the charter plane to pick up a patient from bangkok, who was reportedly suffering from a lung disease.
indias reaction to an amazon website selling doormats resembling the countrys flag involved an unprecedented public and private offensive against the us company by prime minister narendra modis government, a document shows.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj publicly threatened in january to rescind visas of amazon employees if the doormats were not removed from its canadian website.
but a document seen by reuters shows the government went even further in private, asking its us and canadian embassies to raise the matter strongly with amazons senior leadership.
india also escalated the matter to amazon ceo jeff bezos and prompted a global audit by the company to ensure that such products are not listed on any of its other websites around the world, according to the document.
amazon, which removed the products within 24 hours and apologised to the government, declined to comment.
much is at stake for amazon in india, where it plans to invest more than $5 billion as it takes on home-grown flipkart and snapdeal for a bigger share of the internet services market in the worlds fastest growing major economy.
amazon has now made indian laws that govern the use of the national flag and other emblems an integral part of the global compliance process, the document said, outlining the steps amazon and india have taken since the incident.
indias reaction underscores the risks governments run by nationalist leaders are posing for businesses around the world.
us president donald trump, for example, has also taken an aggressive stance on twitter against individual companies.
last year, modi presented a global leadership award to bezos at a us-india business council summit in washington.
amazon told the government that it had strengthened its in-house compliance units that monitor products sold by third-party vendors on its websites, the document said.
amazon india has conveyed that it is fully committed to respecting indian laws and customs, the document said.
it was the courageous escape of three girls from apna ghar, a shelter home in rohtak, on may 7, 2012 that exposed the naked dance of brutality inside it.
what followed was the swift rescue operation by national commission for protection of child rights (ncpcr) that took the lid off from this scandal.
a day after escape, girls reached delhi via bhiwani where they were rescued following their call to child helpline number.
later, around 120 inmates were rescued and a month later, apna ghar was sealed.
seven out of 10 persons who faced the trial were arrested on may 10, 2012 and the case was handed over to cbi for probe.
the first chargesheet was filed on august 7, 2012, and supplementary on september 16, 2013, which named three more accused.
nine people, including main accused jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, acquaintance roshni, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena were held guilty by a special cbi court.
all of them were tried for rape, abortion without consent, voluntarily causing hurt, assault or use of criminal force on a woman with intent to outrage her modesty, unlawful compulsory labour, criminal intimidation, criminal conspiracy and violation of the immoral trafficking (prevention) act and the juvenile justice act.
an additional charge of gangrape was framed against jai bhagwan and satish.
horror tales as many as 121 prosecution witnesses were examined during the trial.
a counsel privy to the trial said testimony of 10-12 inmates was vital to the case as they had identified the main accused and recalled horrific experiences they had undergone during their stay at apna ghar.
a 20-year-old witness in her court testimony said that prime accused jaswanti devis brother jaswant and son-in-law jai bhagwan were regular visitors to the shelter.
she said they, along with driver satish, raped her repeatedly in the centres hall.
a deaf and mute witness, who deposed in the court through an interpreter, said that she was repeatedly raped by jai bhagwan, leading to a pregnancy.
after she gave birth, the baby was allegedly sold off.
there were two other mentally challenged victims.
one of them, a male, testified in court to being sexually abused.
another minor victim told the court that co-accused satish would insert his fingers in her private parts.
whenever she refused and complained about it, jaswanti rebuked her and told her to remain silent.
timeline may 7, 2012: three girls escape from rohtaks government-funded shelter home apna ghar and contact a helpline after reaching delhi.
may 9: ncpcr conducts a raid at the apna ghar shelter home and rescues over 100 inmates.
jaswanti devi, who ran the shelter, and several of her relatives are arrested.
june 8: the haryana government seals the shelter and a week later hands over the investigation to the central bureau of investigation (cbi).
august 7: cbi files chargesheet against 10 people in special cbi court in panchkula.
september 23, 2014: cbi court frames charges against all accused and begins trial.
february 14, 2018: evidence closed and final arguments begin.
april 18: nine of 10 accused held guilty.
india pledged on friday to pay for the transport of the mortal remains of srinivas kuchibhotla, the 32-year-old indian-american engineer who was killed in an apparent race attack at a bar in suburban kansas city.
the government also rushed two officials to meet the families of kuchibhotla and his colleague and friend alok madasani, who was injured in the bar shooting but has been discharged from hospital.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017we will provide all help and assistance to the bereaved family i have assured all help and assistance, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wrote on twitter.
consul rd joshi and vice-consul harpal singh arrived in kansas city from houston and dallas, and met the families and other community members.
@cgihou consulrdjoshi is meeting indian community in olathe kansas to assure support & help @indiandiplomacy @sushmaswaraj @indianembassyus pic.
twitter.com/ayclrflcea  anupam ray (@anupamifs) february 24, 2017many bar patrons told local newspapers that the alleged shooter shouted get out of my country before opening fire at the two indians, who hail from hyderabad and warangal.
they were working at garmin in olathe.
originally from hyderabad, kuchibhotla was a b. tech in electrical and electronics engineering from the jawaharlal nehru technological university.
he had a masters degree from the university of texas, el paso.
madasani graduated from vasavi college of engineering in 2006, and came to the us as a masters student at the university of missouri-kansas city.
us national security advisor hr mcmaster will be in india this weekend to discuss stabilisation of afghanistan in the wake of threats posed by a resurgent taliban and the expanding footprint of the islamic state in provinces bordering pakistan.
gen (retd) mcmaster will meet prime minister narendra modi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and foreign secretary s jaishankar in addition to his counterpart ajit doval in what will be his first visit to south asia since he took over in february.
mcmaster is expected to carry an invitation from us president donald trump for modi to visit washington in june.
mcmaster will visit kabul and islamabad before he lands in new delhi for a day to discuss afghanistan and renewal of india-us defence ties, top government sources confirmed to ht.
south block officials say the us is concerned over a newly formed russia-china-pakistan-iran axis to promote the taliban with fresh weapons supplies and strategic support for a future political role in afghanistan.
the axis is said to be supporting the taliban with the justification that it is the only force that could take on the islamic state.
the us is concerned as 9,000 of its troops are on afghan soil as part of the larger stabilisation effort with new delhi helping in infrastructure development under the asharf ghani-led government.
nsa mcmaster, who was the key figure behind the us strike in syria, will be in the region to assess the american role in afghanistan and whether more troops are required in the near future, a senior official said.
while mcmaster, who has served in iraq and afghanistan, will also discuss the expanding chinese footprint in the af-pak region, islamabad watchers suspect that pakistans award of the death sentence to alleged spy kulbhushan jadhav was meant to provoke india and create tension on the eve of the us nsas visit.
the visit will revisit india-us defence ties, with the bilateral defence technology and trade initiative (dtti) not having taken off so far.
the dtti was launched by the previous upa government with the barack obama administration.
all projects under it such as the javelin shoulder-fired missile, c-130 j roll-on roll-off, small uav pathfinder and even a working group on hot engine technology are still in nascent stages of development.
during mcmasters visit, it is expected that both countries will identify new products under the make in india programme.
the minister said india will not take steps to issue emergency travel documents to the people identified as illegal immigrants till it is sure of their citizenship.
we have not accepted this list and have sought more details.
we have said that it is only after we verify the details that we can issue an emergency certificate for their deportation, the external affairs minister said.
swaraj was responding to a question on the recent orders of the american president on illegal immigrants that put people of indian origin in the us at the risk of deportation.
the minister said india was engaging with the us at the highest level to ensure the protection of indians on work visas in that country.
the ministry for women and child development is setting up a website on which registrars from states across the country will have to upload details related to nri marriages, in a move aimed at tacking the issue of nri husbands abandoning or ill-treating their wives.
on 20 december, the ministry also constituted an integrated nodal agency headed by its secretary to address all issues related to nri marital disputes.
the developments follow recommendations made by an inter-ministerial panel headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to review the legal and regulatory challenges faced by women deserted by nri men.
having a website that has all data related to marriages of nris with indian nationals, including the address of the nri groom, where he works, etc.
will help us to tackle complaints more promptly.
it will be mandatory for registrars to upload all details soon after a marriage is registered, said a senior official of the ministry on condition of anonymity.
although there is no consolidated data available with the government on the number of women who marry nris every year (on average), on december 21, junior external affairs minister vk singh told parliament that indian missions abroad received 3328 complaints from indian women about marital disputes with their nri spouses since 2015.
of this, 3268 were addressed by way of providing counselling to the women, and guidance and information about procedures, including on how to serve judicial summons to nri husbands.
the complaints ranged from grooms who disappeared soon after marrying women in india to husbands who were preventing their wives from travelling to india (and who had seized their passports); from husbands who abandoned their wives in a foreign country to those who had sent their wives back home but were not giving up the custody of their children.
the increase in such cases in recent years hasnt gone unnoticed.
both swaraj and the minister for women and child development maneka gandhi have been pushing for a legal framework to address these issues.
the ministerial panel led by swaraj has also recommended uploading the court summons issued to nri men on the website.
the panel has suggested that the law ministry amend the indian evidence act to make the summons served on the website legally tenable, said a second government official who too spoke on condition of anonymity.
that could address a major problem indian authorities face in dealing with nri husbands: indian missions and posts have no means enforcing the order abroad, except when the other country accepts the request for mutual legal assistance.
the panel also recommended that all nri marriages be registered within a week after they are solemnised.
the law ministry, which is in the process of bringing a law to make registration of all marriage mandatory, has been directed to examine the proposal, added the official in the ministry of women and child development.
currently, only a handful of states including punjab, which was the first, compulsorily register nri marriages.
the mea had in may set up a nine-member panel headed by retired judge arvind kumar goel (who is also the former chairman of punjabs state commission for nris).
in its report submitted last month, the goel panel had recommended impounding/cancelling the passport of nris who harass their wives for dowry or abuse and desert them in foreign land.
it also recommended that cases of domestic violence be included in the scope of indias extradition treaties with other countries.
we have also operationalised air freight corridors between kabul and kandahar and new delhi and mumbai in 2017.
we welcome regional connectivity initiatives that are inclusive, sustainable, transparent and respect the principles of sovereignty and territorial integrity, she said.
the external affairs minister also condoled the death of more than 250 people in the easter sunday bombings in sri lanka.
our heart goes out to our brothers and sisters of sri lanka, who have recently witnessed the ghastly act of terrorism.
our wounds of pulwama attack were still raw and news from the neighbourhood has made us more determined to fight firmly resolutely against this menace, she was quoted as saying by ani.
pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi is also attending the meeting of foreign ministers but indian officials have ruled out the possibility of a bilateral meeting.
the two-day meeting will be the second such gathering of foreign ministers of the member countries that india is attending as a full member of the sco.
india was admitted as a full member of sco in 2017.
sushma swaraj had attended the last cfm meeting in beijing in april 2018.
swarajs visit comes a month after nirmala sitharamans trip to bishkek to attend sco defence ministers conclave to boost security cooperation among the members of the grouping.
the meeting will review the preparations for the forthcoming sco summit in bishkek on june 13-14 and also exchange views on topical issues of international and regional importance.
making a statement in the rajya sabha, she said india has taken up the issue with pakistan and has put a policy in place where officials of both countries exchange information about prisoners lodged in each others jails.
she said the last time such an exchange took place was on january 1 this year.
since 2014, we have been able to secure the release of 1,261 fishermen lodged in pakistan jails.
in the last three months, we have secured the release of 438 indian fishermen.
there are a total of 301 indian fishermen currently lodged in pakistan jails, but pakistan has so far confirmed the presence of only 77 of them, swaraj informed the house.
her statement came in response to a query by congress member madhusudan mistry made earlier.
we have institutionalized the mechanism of sharing information about the prisoners, including fishermen, in each others custody through a bilateral protocol in 2008.
under this, lists of prisoners, including fishermen, are exchanged on january 1 and july 1, every year, she said.
the minister said government continuously seeks consular access to indian fishermen in custody and distribute to them the items of daily necessity.
on the issue of many incidents of apprehensions taking place beyond the international waters, she said under the community interaction programme, regular awareness campaigns are conducted by the indian coast guards in coordination with the state fisheries department, to educate the fishermen about the limits of the international maritime boundary line (imbl).
emphasis has also been laid on the need for fishing in safe, secure and sustainable environment.
indian coast guards have also been undertaking enhanced patrolling in indian waters, including safeguarding interests of indian fishermen and keeping them out of harm, she said.
pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif said on tuesday that his country was peace loving but wasnt oblivious to defending its sovereignty and protecting independence as tensions with india mounted over a death sentence to former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav.
sharifs comments came on a day foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned pakistan that bilateral ties would be hurt if jadhav  who was found guilty by a pakistani army court of spying, espionage and waging war against the state  was hanged.
we want a peaceful neighbourhoodshared prosperity rather than mutual suspicionat the same time, despite our earnest desire for peaceful co-existence, we cannot remain oblivious to defending our sovereignty and protecting our independence, sharif told cadets at an air force academy, according to geo tv.
jadhav was arrested in march last year in the restive balochistan province and accused of being a research and analysis wing (r&aw) agent, who was fuelling the baloch separatist movement and attempting to sabotage the $46-billion china-pakistan economic corridor.
india denies the charges.
there is no evidence of any wrongdoing by kulbhushan jadhav.
home minister rajnath singh also assured parliament that all necessary steps would be taken to give jadhav justice.
the wife of indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla, who was shot dead in an apparent hate crime by at a bar in olathe city, has said that she had her doubts about staying in the us but was assured by her husband that good things happen in america.
speaking at a news conference organised by gps-maker garmin where srinivas worked, sunayana dumala said reports of bias in the us make minorities afraid as she questioned do we belong here.
i need an answer, she said.
i need an answer from the government.
.
.
what are they going to do to stop this hate crime?
dumala said she was concerned about shootings incidents in america and had doubted whether they should stay in the country, but her husband said that assured her saying that good things happen in america.
consul general of india in houston anupam ray is supervising the current situation and providing all possible help for the grieving family and the community in olathe area of kansas.
immediately when the incident occurred, consulate rushed deputy consul rd joshi and vice consul h singh to kansas to be with the family of srinivas at this trying moment, ray told pti.
ever since, they have been with the family of srinivas and have assured sunayna of all possible support and help at this grieving moment, he said.
consul joshi also met the shocked and frightened indian community in olathe and alok madasani injured in the shooting by a us navy veteran adam purinton on wednesday night.
madasani is now stable and has been discharged from the hospital.
a third person, an american man identified as ian grillot, 24, who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing at austins bar and grill in olathe in kansas city in the us state of missouri.
a university of kansas hospital spokeswoman said he is in fair condition.
the incident evoked outrage from in the us and india with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing shock over the incident.
i am shocked at the shooting incident in kansas in which srinivas kuchibhotla has been killed.
my heartfelt condolences to bereaved family, she said in a tweet on friday.
the shooter, adam purinton, reportedly got into an argument with the victims in the terms of racism, and shouted get out of my country, terrorist before shooting them.
he reportedly provoked them into an argument asking about their presence and work in his country, and how they are better than him.
according to police, purinton left the bar after the argument and then returned with a gun and shot the three men.
he was arrested on thursday, five hours after the incident and charged with one count of premeditated first-degree murder and two counts of attempted premeditated first-degree murder in johnson county, kansas, district attorney stephen howe told reporters.
howe, however, declined to elaborate on the motive of the incident, although local police said they were working with the fbi to investigate the case.
the fbi was looking at whether it was a hate crime.
an fbi spokesperson said agents and police canvassed the area on thursday and the investigation continued on friday.
some eye-witnesses have said the attack was racially motivated.
one bystander told the kansas city star that the gunman shouted get out of my country before shooting the indian victims.
grillot said in a recorded interview on thursday that the bullet went through his right hand and into his chest, just missing a major artery but fracturing a vertebra in his neck.
according to garmin, kuchibhotla and madasani worked in the companys aviation systems.
unfortunately, two associates on our aviation systems engineering team, srinivas kuchibhotla and alok madasani, were shot.
we are devastated to inform you that srinivas passed away and alok is currently recovering in the hospital, garmin said.
kuchibhotla and madasani hailed from hyderabad and warangal respectively.
kuchibhotla posted on linkedin in 2014 that he managed helicopter programmes.
he had a masters degree in electrical and electronics engineering from the university of texas at el paso.
he earned his bachelors degree from the jawaharlal nehru technological university in hyderabad.
a 2014 post on linkedin said madasani was an aviation programme coordinator manager at garmin.
union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj friday hit out at congress president rahul gandhis reported remarks that terrorism was not an issue and asked if that was the case, he should renounce his spg security cover.
he (rahul gandhi) says job is an issue not terrorism.
i want to tell rahul gandhi ji, if terrorism is not an issue and there is no terrorism in the country, then why do you go around with spg security?
from the period of assassination of (former prime minister and rahuls father) rajiv gandhi till now all your family is under the security cover of spg.
if you feel that terrorism is not an issue then i want to tell you, you write it and give that you do not need spg security because you feel there is no terrorism in this country and you are not afraid of anybody, she said.
at an election meeting in hyderabad, swaraj referred to the air strikes on terror camps in pakistans balakot following the pulwama attack and said opposition parties who do not have faith in prime minister narendra modi were taking his pakistan counterparts statements for granted.
the external affairs minister said the air strikes received international support and she received calls from leaders of several countries appreciating indias stand on terrorism.
opposition parties in the country were taking exception to the bjp claiming credit for the air strikes on jaish-e-mohammed (jem) in february, she said.
she said the upa government should have taken strong action against pakistan when the 2008 mumbai terror attacks, in which 166 people including 40 foreign nationals were killed, took place.
she said as many as 1.
16 lakh villages have been connected with fibre optic network.
there were only 77 passport centres in the country now it has gone up to 505 and in telangana they were just four and it has gone up to 19, swaraj added.
the law-enforcement authorities of pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok), known as azad kashmir in the neighbouring country, claimed to have arrested three indian intelligence agents for alleged anti-state activities on friday.
pakistani daily dawn reported that the charges levelled against the three research and analysis wing (raw) recruits included bombing a police station in the region.
pok police identified the suspects as mohammad khalil, imtiaz and rashid, all residents of taroti village in abbaspur.
the trio was produced before mediapersons at a briefing by senior police officers in rawalkot, their faces covered with masks.
poonch deputy superintendent of police (dsp) sajid imran was quoted as saying that khalil, the main suspect, had come into contact with raw officials while visiting his relatives at bandi chechian village in india-held kashmir in november 2014.
upon his return, khalil allegedly recruited fellow villagers imtiaz and rashid to work with him for handsome returns.
according to imran, khalil confessed to crossing the loc nearly 15 times over the last two years.
his accomplices, on the other hand, admitted to going over to the other side on at least six occasions.
khalil would take cigarettes and cellphone memory cards with him, besides pictures of bridges, mosques and security installations, the dsp said, adding that the suspect had given at least two active sim cards to indian officials.
upon his return, khalil used to bring money as well as indian liquor that would then be sold to people in the area.
imran claimed that khalil was tasked by raw with carrying out a bomb blast at any pakistani security installation, for which they offered him rs 5 lakh.
imtiaz and rashid were supposed to get rs 1.
5 lakh and rs 50,000 from that amount respectively.
on september 27 last year, they chose a police station in abbaspur as a soft target.
there were no casualties, even though the building was damaged, the dsp said, adding that the improvised explosive device used for the purpose was brought from across the loc.
however, indian officials refused to release the pledged money to the three because they were unable to provide a newspaper report as proof of their action, the police officer said.
imran said police finally caught wind of the suspects activities when somebody reported seeing them with a suspicious-looking shopping bag in abbaspur on the night of september 26.
we tracked their movements and phone calls, and finally got hold of them with the help of intelligence agencies two days ago, he added.
the three have been booked under the anti-terrorism act (ata) and explosives act, reported dawn.
this incident comes days after a pakistani army court sentenced kulbhushan jadhav, a former indian navy officer, to death for espionage and anti-state activities.
diplomatic ties between india and pakistan plunged following jadhavs conviction, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warning islamabad of consequences if jadhavs death sentence was carried out.
jadhav was reportedly captured in balochistan in march last year.
he was tried by a field general court martial under provisions of the pakistan army act and the official secrets act.
jadhav can appeal the death sentence to pakistans supreme court within 60 days.
just a month after india said it will consider medical visas for pakistani patients only if the application is backed by a recommendation from pakistan prime ministers foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj cut the red tape to help a pakistani infant get medical treatment.
the parents of four-month-old rohaan, a congenital heart patient, were facing difficulty in procuring a medical visa for his treatment in india due to the strained relationship between two countries.
the family lives in lahore.
however, rohaan will be visiting india on monday sushmaswaraj swaraj intervened in the case and arranged visa for the pakistani family.
he will be treated first by a paediatric cardiologist for a hole in his heart and will later undergo a heart surgery at noida-based jaypee hospital.
the doctors at jaypee confirmed that the family will arrive on monday.
we are thankful to the minister for ensuring that the family gets the visa at the earliest.
keeping aside the tensions between the two countries, the minister did a noble act of thinking about the childs health.
we, at jaypee hospital welcome the baby and family, said dr manoj luthra, ceo, jaypee hospital.
it was a tweet of a distressed father which caught the attention of swaraj who promptly assured him of help to treat his son.
rohaans father kanwal saadik took to twitter on may 24 after trying all possible help to procure visas for the family.
why my bud suffers for medical treatment!
!
any answers sir sartaaj azeez or ma'am sushma?
?
pic.
twitter.com/p0mgk0xybj  ken sid (@kensid2) may 24, 2017on may 31, swaraj replied to the request, assuring that rohaan wont be a victim to the strained relationship between two countries.
no.
the child will not suffer.
pls contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa , said swaraj on twitter.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reacted to the attack on an indian-origin sikh man in kent, saying that she has spoken to the victims family and he is now out of danger.
deep rai (39) was shot at outside his house on saturday in washington state by an unidentified gunman who reportedly said, go back to your country.
i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian origin.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh father of the victim, swaraj tweeted on sunday.
i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai a us national of indian origin.
i have spoken to sardar harpal singh father of the victim.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 5, 2017he told me that his son had a bullet injury on his arm.
he is out of danger and is recovering in a private hospital.
ians reported on sunday the indian consulate in san francisco was in touch with local authorities after the attack.
rai is able to talk, an indian government official said.
the official said the government was ready to offer all possible assistance to the wounded man.
rai was working on his vehicle outside his home in kent, washington, on friday when he was approached by a stranger, who walked up to his homes driveway.
the attack on rai comes is the third suspected hate crimes against indians in the us within two weeks after indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla was shot dead at kansas city bar and a few days later, an indian-origin store owner in south carolina was killed outside his home .
the 32-year-old indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla was killed in kansas when a 51-year-old us navy veteran adam purinton opened fire at him and his friend alok madasani, yelling get out of my country.
earlier this week, indian-origin convenience store owner harnish patel of lancaster in south carolina was found dead of gun shot wounds in his yard.
however, police said in patels killing his indian ethnicity does not appear to be a factor.
the indian workers killed in mosul were illegal immigrants and the indian embassy in the country had no record of them, general (retd) vk singh, minister of state for external affairs, on monday at sri guru ram das jee international airport at amritsar after bringing back the mortal remains of 38 of them.
hindustan times reported subsequently, citing the doctor responsible for the forensic studies of the bodies found in mosul, that the deaths happened at least a year back.
the workers went missing in 2014.
a 40th worker, who escaped, claimed the others were killed by islamic state fighters, but his version of events was not accepted by the indian government.
the body of the 39th worker wasnt brought back because there hasnt been a complete dna match in his case.
general singh admitted that this isnt the time to raise the issue but said that it is a fact that they (the workers) went there (iraq) through an illegal agent.
referring to a group of 46 nurses from kerala rescued by india in 2014 from the clutches of islamic state, the minister said this was possible only because the country had a record of them.
i want all the indians go abroad legally.
besides, they should go safely and with proper training, he said, adding, as far as illegal travel agents are concerned, state governments is responsible for law and order and they should arrest such agents and should take legal action against them.
punjab cabinet minister navjot singh sidhu who was present at the airport said that his government plans to do this through a law that will be introduced soon.
singh added that the indian government left no stone unturned in efforts to save the workers and that indian officials paid four visits to iraq for this purpose.
i visited iraq first on july 11 last year when we learnt that mosul had been liberated by the iraqi army from the terror group.
i stayed there for 6-7 days to look for the abducted indians, but had no clue of their whereabouts because the battle had not ended.
on basis of the information gathered during the first visit, i again visited iraq in the month of october, to continue the search.
we met owner of the company in which the missing indians worked, and their cook.
we also took the help of (local) tv and radio (stations) in the drive, asking the public if they had any information, he explained.
while searching for them, we repeatedly heard the name bodush village from the people there.
someone told us that some dead bodies were buried near this village.
when we visited the spot we found dead bodies of the indian workers through a ground penetration radar.
we recognized them through their hair and kara, he said.
sikhs sport long hair and many also wear a bracelet called the kara.
this is not a game of football, he said.
nor he added, in response to a query on compensation, was this like distributing biscuits.
the minister also advised the kin of the deceased works to steer clear of politicizing the issue.
my suggestion to the families is that we have got back your people.
do their last rites.
dont get involved in unnecessary politics, he said.
swaraj held talks with several leaders on the margins of the meeting, including her chinese counterpart wang yi.
she exchanged pleasantries with pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi but there was no bilateral meeting, people familiar with developments said.
our heart goes out to our brothers and sisters of sri lanka, who have recently witnessed the ghastly act of terrorism.
nine suicide bombers struck three churches and three luxury hotels in sri lanka on april 21, killing more than 250 people.
the islamic state claimed the attacks while the government blamed a local group, national thowheeth jamaath (ntj), for the bombings.
the attacks came almost two months after a suicide attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) at pulwama in jammu and kashmir killed 40 indian troops.
india will back any process that helps afghanistan emerge as a united, peaceful, secure, stable, inclusive and economically vibrant nation with guaranteed gender and human rights, she said.
swaraj underscored the importance india attaches to scos afghanistan contact group and called for the early conclusion of a draft road map for further actions by this group.
during his meeting with swaraj, chinese foreign minister wang yi expressed his countrys desire to work with indias new government, people familiar with developments said.
the focus of the india-china meeting was on implementing goals agreed on at the 2018 informal summit between prime minister narendra modi and president xi jinping, the people added.
swarajs meeting with kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov focused on expanding bilateral ties and preparations for the sco summit in bishkek in june.
indias commitment to regional connectivity is reflected by its involvement in the international north-south transport corridor, irans chabahar port and the india-myanmar-thailand trilateral highway, she said.
asif nizami, 82, and nazim ali nizami, 66, had gone to lahore on a pilgrimage to the dargah of khwaja fariduddin masud ganjshakar, popularly known as baba farid.
both are members of the sajjada-e-nashin (hereditary administrator) family of the dargah.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan.
my father was visiting pakistan after 35 years.
since he is old, nazim went along with him.
we last spoke to them at 4 pm on wednesday, when they had visited baba fareeds dargah, said amir, son of asif nizami.
after visiting dargah, they had shared their photos on whatsapp.
they were supposed to go to karachi from lahore.
asifs sister lives in karachi and he was going to meet her.
we are trying to contact them.
we will try to meet the union home minister and the external affairs minister, said a relative.
the tears of joy said it all.
sukhwant kaur, 55, arrived to an emotional reunion with her husband, kulwant singh, and daughter, ranjeet kaur, at the amritsar airport on wednesday, five months after she left for saudi arabia on a tourist visa only to be sold as a slave by a dubious travel agent.
hindustan times was the first to highlight sukhwants plight.
her husband, kulwant, appealed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help on twitter.
sukhwant arrived at mumbai from sharjah at 4.
15am before she took a flight to amritsar.
we are happy now that she is finally back, said kulwant.
she had gone for three months.
for two months, things appeared normal.
after that we learnt that the agent had sold her as a slave.
her captors were demanding money for her release.
the agent also went missing.
we appeal to the punjab government to act against such fraudulent travel agents, he said.
sukhwants daughter said, we had lost all hope of seeing her again in this life so you can imagine how grateful we are.
i was not able to see my mother before she left for saudi arabia but now im glad i could welcome her back.
she was received by former jalandhar central bjp mla manoranjan kalia, former local bodies minister anil joshi and amritsar mayor bakshi ram arora.
later, the family left for its native ajtani village in nurmahal near jalandhar.
a relieved but tired sukhwant said: i was only given some rice and meat and rice to eat.
i felt like i was living in hell.
after reaching hail city in saudi arabia, i was sold as a slave to a family of five members, including three women, who were teachers, said sukhwant, adding that she was made to do all household works and was beaten up almost every day.
the women members of the family also used to lock me up in a room, said sukhwant.
i was admitted to a hospital a month ago after i contracted infection.
there, i met a nurse from kerala with whose help i contacted my husband on may 7.
some 10 days back, a man from the embassy came to visit me in the hospital and assured that i will soon be sent to india, said sukhwant.
she said a debt of rs 2 lakh forced her to go abroad for work.
with no financial support from children, kulwant and sukhwant have to fend for themselves.
kulwant works as a daily wage labourer and earns rs 250 a day.
capt thanks swaraj for sukhwants returnpunjab chief minister captain amarinder singh thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for facilitating sukhwants safe return from saudi arabia.
he also promised a time-bound action plan by his government to prevent unscrupulous travel agents from duping innocent people.
the cm also urged the external affairs minister to use all political and diplomatic channels to put an end to illegal practice of travel agents, who fraudulently send innocent people abroad, where they are victimised.
after several scheduling issues, india and the us are slated to hold the first two-plus-two dialogue  between their foreign and defence ministers  in washington on july 6, officials familiar with the plans said.
the dialogue announced after prime minister narendra modis meeting with president trump at the white house in august 2017 was tentatively scheduled for april 1819 this year.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will travel to washington to meet their counterparts, us secretary of state mike pompeo and defence secretary jim mattis, to discuss a host of bilateral issues as well as regional developments.
the dialogue announced after prime minister narendra modis meeting with president trump at the white house in august 2017 was tentatively scheduled for april 18-19 this year.
in march, both foreign sectary vijay gokhale and defence secretary sanjay mitra were in washington to prepare ground for the dialogue against the background of the exit of then us secretary of state rex tillerson.
but the preparations for the two plus two dialogue were on and it was only because of the scheduling issues that the dialogue got postponed to july, said one of the officials cited in the first instance.
the two sides also looked for suitable dates in june but couldnt come up with a mutually convenient date for hosting the dialogue, this person added, asking not to be identified.
indias global strategic partnership with the united states has overcome the hesitations of history and continues to deepen across the extraordinary breadth of our relationship.
it has assumed new significance in the changing world, prime minister naredra modi had said at the shangri la dialogue in singapore recently.
the first dialogue takes place after prime minister modis successful informal summits with president xi jinping of china and vladimir putin of russia.
india is likely to discuss with the us, its concerns over the impact of us sanctions on deals with both russia and iran, an official said.
the sanctions on tehran are of concern to india as iran remains indias third largest source of oil.
india has also made substantial investments in the chabahar port in iran which connects india to central asia via afghanistan, bypassing pakistan.
the sanctions on russia are set to hit indias defence purchases and new delhi has already request for an exemption.
a second official , said on condition of anonymity that cooperation in the area of counter-terrorism would be a key focus area in the meetings.
in the af-pak (afghanistan-pakistan) region, we are on the same page.
the us also agrees that pakistan has to take more action against cross border terrorism and rein in terrorist groups that operate from its soil and destablise the entire region, added this person.
another key issue for india is the proposed changes in the us visa regime that could affect tens of thousands of indians.
meanwhile, the us has been pushing india to sign two foundational agreements for what it terms as additional and longlasting defence co-operation between the two countries.
tina kaidanow, principal deputy assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs was in new delhi recently and urged indian officials for early signing of the pacts.
the agreements are communications compatibility and security agreement (comcasa), and basic exchange and cooperation agreement (beca).
india and the us had signed first foundational agreement: logistical exchange memorandum of agreement (lemoa) in 2016.
i think they should be resilient enough to understand this.
also for india, the dialogue happens at a time when us planning to impose sanctions on two of its key interlocuters, namely russia and iran, he said.
the shiromani akali dal (sad) on sunday hit out at the centre for its reaction over a motion in a canadian legislative assembly on the 1984 anti-sikh riots, saying its stand on the issue has reopened the wounds of the sikhs.
akali mp from anandpur sahib and party general secretary prem singh chandumajra said he would raise the issue in the lok sabha on monday.
also, a delegation of sad mps would also register their protest with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, he added.
the legislative assembly of ontario had recently passed a motion describing the 1984 anti-sikh riots as genocide in india.
the bjp-led nda government, of which sad is also an ally, strongly rejected the move, terming it as misguided.
the narendra modi government has reopened the wounds of the sikhs by this provocative stand, chandumajra said in a statement here.
rather than calling upon the canadian government to withdraw this resolution, parliament should pass a similar resolution to assuage the feelings of the sikh community, he added.
chandumajra said that more than 3,000 innocent sikh men, women and children were killed in a designed attack on the community members in delhi alone from november 1 to november 3, 1984, and the victims are still waiting for justice.
job opportunities abroad plummeted in 2016, recruitment and remittances data show, projecting an employment crisis brought on by upheaval in the oil economies of gulf countries and rising protectionism in the west.
the year saw a 33  fall in indians getting jobs in the six gulf countries  the destination for 90  of indians emigrating for blue-collar jobs.
it also saw the rise of political and economic conservatism, with nations such as the united states and australia deciding to put up protectionist curbs in skilled sectors such as software.
the crisis in gulf is something that affects us in more ways than one.
the workers here send most of their earnings back home, said a diplomat from a gulf country, pointing to an effect reflected in private remittances to india.
the world bank said on friday that india saw an 8.
9  drop in money sent back by its citizens from other countries in 2016, a sharp decline compared to the 1  dip in the previous year.
india saw $69.
6 billion in remittance from 2014, which dipped to $68.
9bn in 2015 before falling to $62.
7bn last year.
the back-to-back decline is a first in three decades, the world bank report said.
vanishing jobs gulf: 33  dip in jobs for indians compared to last year, 50  drop in saudi alone.
us: 86  of h-1b visas issued for workers in computer space go to indians; figure might be scaled down to 60  or less, says assochamuk: 60  of skilled foreign worker visas are held by indians who are facing problems after salary thresholds for different visas were raised.
under new rules, a provision under which indian tech firms take their workers to uk will be discontinued.
australia : 457 category visa, meant for foreign skilled workers up to 4 years, has been abolished.
indians constitute almost 30  of these visa holders.
singapore: 25 employees or more necessitate that the employer must advertise a vacancy for 2 weeks before seeking an employment pass for an international worker.
indian firms are finding it tough to hire indians because of the hire-local policy.
i lost two jobs in past two years in saudi and then i headed home and waiting for dues to be settled, said satheesh kurup from kerala.
in 2016, 165,356 people found jobs in saudi arabia, almost half of the 306,642 people who got employment in 2015.
with oil prices hitting below $40 per barrel this was bound to happen.
but we doing our best to ensure anyone who lost his or her job is assisted, the diplomat posted in a gulf country said.
he requested to not be identified for this story since he was not authorised to speak on the matter.
closed doors in westin addition to the problems in the gulf, the rising anti-globalisation sentiment in the west is seen dealing a one-two punch to foreign job prospects.
companies in united states have been seen paring back plans to hire indians through the h1-b visa scheme after the election of donald trump who rode on, among others, a promise to protect the employment opportunities for americans.
on tuesday, trump signed an executive order to overhaul the h-1b program.
one of the bills calls for a minimum wage of $130,000 against the current $60,000 for those being brought in on the visa category.
the higher ceiling will close the wage benefit the h1-b programme gave to us firms when they hired indian workers, who typically draw significantly lower salaries than american workers at comparable levels.
according to industry body assocham, nearly 86  of h-1b visas issued for workers in the technology sector goes to indians and this figure could be scaled down to about 60  or less.
currently there are four bills in the us congress about curbs on h-1b visas.
we are engaged (in a dialogue) with the us at very high level regarding this.
.
.
australia too tightened its visa rules for foreign workers, abolishing a scheme primarily used by indians.
while the indian government is engaging their counterparts in most countries that have tightened work visa rules, prospect seems bleak.
the government should always look at ways to promote legal immigration.
if one destination is hit, there will be others, and they need to be explored and found out and proper legal mechanism for immigration should be arrived at with the host country, said s irudayarajan of central for development studies in thiruvananthapuram and a former consultant for the government on immigration.
in addition to the policies of the destination countries, some indian rules too have contributed to jobs abroad becoming difficult.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday termed it an intra-gulf cooperation council (gcc) affair and said new delhi is not impacted by it after bahrain, egypt, saudi arabia, yemen and the united arab emirates cut diplomatic ties with qatar, accusing doha of supporting islamist groups and its relations with iran.
but india would hope that differences between qatar and gulf countries, which are home to 8 million indians and vital to indias energy supply, are amicably sorted out as soon as possible.
this is an intra-gcc issue.
we have good ties with both saudi and qatar (the same way we have good ties with both saudi and iran).
and we will help any indian who could possibly get affected by it, swaraj saidbahrain, egypt, saudi arabia, and the united arab emirates cut diplomatic ties with qatar on monday, accusing the wealthy gulf arab state of supporting islamist groups and its relations with iran.
the coordinated move dramatically escalates a simmering dispute over qatars support of the muslim brotherhood, the worlds oldest islamist movement, and adds accusations that doha even backs the agenda of regional arch-rival iran.
the three gulf states announced the closure of transport ties with qatar and gave qatari visitors and residents two weeks to leave their countries.
indians are the largest expatriate community in qatar, the same way they are in saudi arabia and the uae  the two key countries who are in the opposite camp.
and, the immediate worry is the trouble indians would face as measures to isolate qatar would hit them there in terms of their travel.
the best case scenario for india is the issue being sorted soon, considering a large number of indians work there, strategic affairs expert mk bhadrakumar said.
india also has robust defence and energy ties with qatar.
india is the third largest export destination for qatar (behind japan and south korea) and ranks at 10th position for qatars imports.
the gulf arab state is the largest supplier of lng to india, accounting for over 65  of indias global import and 15  of qatars export of lng with an annual import of 7.
5 million metric tons (mmt) of liquefied natural gas (lng) under a long-term contract between petronet lng of india and rasgas co ltd of qatar, and some spot purchases by indian companies from time to time.
on december 31, 2015, petronet, indias largest natural gas importer, and rasgas signed an agreement for an additional supply of 1.
0 mn tonnes of lng annually from the qatari company through the remainder of the 25-year contract, ending in 2028.
india also imports ethylene, propylene, ammonia, urea and polyethene from qatar.
therefore, the balance of trade continues to be heavily in qatars favour.
however, in the last two years, there has been a substantial growth of indias exports, amounting to nearly $1 billion out of the two-way trade of nearly $17 billion in 2013-14, registering an export growth of 45  over the export figure ($687 million) in 2012-13.
in 2014-15, indias exports exceeded $1 billion ($1056 million), though bilateral trade came down to $15.
7 billion due to decline in qatars exports to india from $15.
7 billion in 2013-14 to $14.
6 billion in 2014-15.
major items of indian exports are machinery and equipment, transport equipment, articles of iron or steel, plastic and articles thereof, construction material, electrical and electronic items, textiles and garments, chemicals, precious stones, rubber, spices and cereals.
a number of reputed indian companies, particularly in construction and infrastructure and it, including larsen & toubro limited, punj lloyd, shapoorji pallonji group; voltas ltd, simplex infrastructures ltd, tata consultancy services ltd, wipro; mahindratech, hcl technologies ltd, etc, have operations in qatar.
state bank of india, icici, and other indian banks also have limited operations under qatar financial centre or private exchange houses in qatar.
a mentally challenged man missing from rajasthans bundi district for five years has been traced to a jail in pakistan, an official said on tuesday.
jugraj bheel, now 25, a resident of rampuria village in budis dabi area is lodged in a jail in karachi.
this is the second such case to have come to light in rajasthan in about a fortnight.
last month, the family of jaipur man gajanand sharma, untraceable for 36 years, came to know that he is lodged in a jail in pakistan.
officials said they were not clear how bheel strayed into pakistani territory.
superintendent of police, bundi, yogesh yadav said he received a report from the state police headquarters last month seeking information about bheel.
we received an inquiry to verify jugraj bheels nationality.
the youth is in a pakistani jail.
we have found his family members in rampuria village, falling in dabi police station area, yadav said.
as per bheels family, he went missing around 5 years from the village.
yadav said the state police headquarters had sought information about bheel following a request from the union ministry of external affairs.
following a similar enquiry last week, rajasthan police found that 68-year-old gajanand sharma was also lodged ina pakistan jail.
sharma had gone missing 36 years ago from his home in the jaipurs brahampuri area.
a police investigation confirmed his nationality and traced his family members.
sharmas son mukesh said his father, a labourer, was missing since 1982.
he, too, said that the family was not aware how sharma landed up in pakistan.
bjp in-charge for party affairs in rajasthan, avinash rai khanna, and jaipur mp ramcharan bohra met sharmas family on june 2 and assured all possible help for his safe return from pakistan.
they bjp leaders told the family that the party has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking her intervention to secure sharmas release from the pakistani jail.
african students living in greater noida say they face daily prejudice and are living in fear after two days of violence targeted at them following the mysterious death of a local youth.
the students  who hail from various nations in africa  allege political pressure behind the attacks amid rising tensions between local residents and the foreigners.
we come to india to live in peace but we will not be bullied by force or violence.
the need of the hour is for african students to unite against this blatant racism, said lawrence, a nigerian national.
the violence broke out on sunday after a class 12 student manish khari died because of a suspected drug overdose.
locals alleged that africans living in the area had plied the youth with drugs and attacked two nigerians on sunday night.
police also arrested five africans but released them later because of a lack of proof.
the crowd was peaceful until it reached pari chowk, but went out of control at the sight of africans in the market.
a car was also damaged by the angry mob.
(ht photo)a day later, a protest march by residents turned violent as people assaulted several africans at greater noidas busy pari chowk.
rumours startled swirling that residents had abducted a nigerian woman  a speculation denied by police.
the waves of violence have left the foreigners rattled.
we have been living in a sense of fear as there is no protection for us even after the attack, said bukola, a commerce student at iec college.
african nationals talk to a policeman after a suspected racial attack on them, in greater noida on monday.
(ht photo)lawrence said the attacks were well-planned.
we had assembled at kasna police station on monday morning demanding the release of two students who had been arrested without proper investigation.
as soon as the duo got bail and we left the spot, several african nationals were attacked by the local people, said lawrence.
the association of african students in india (aasi) have also condemned the attack on african nationals and have also asked the central government to ensure that the community got protection in the national capital region.
the government has also sought a report and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath has assured foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj of a fair and impartial investigation.
more than 4,000 africans stay in greater noida and study in a clutch of private universities and colleges that have come up in the area over the past decade.
but many of them say that they feel uncomfortable at the hostile attitude of locals, who see the africans as the source of crime and drugs.
for now, we have decided to drop our protest against racist attacks by locals.
further course of action will be decided soon, said bukola.
irked by leading e-retailer amazon selling skateboards and bedspreads with images of hindu god ganesha, hindus in the us on tuesday urged it to immediately withdraw them from its online platform.
we are disappointed with amazon.com for continuing to carry skateboards, bed covers, duvet covers and bedspreads showing images of our deity lord ganesha on its site.
they should be withdrawn, said rajan zed, president of universal society of hinduism, in a statement from nevada in the south-west state of the us.
as ganesha is revered in hindusim and worshipped by millions of hindus the world over in temples and homes, zed said it was insult to put the hindu gods images on skateboards, used for placing feet, or bed covers for sleeping.
inappropriate use of hindu deities or concepts for commercial or other purposes hurts the sentiments of the faithful, reiterated zed.
asserting that hindusim was the worlds oldest and third largest religion with over a billion adherents and a rich philosophical thought, zed said symbols of any faith, should not be mishandled or taken frivolously.
trivialisation of lord ganesha is disturbing to the hindus.
though we are for free artistic expression and speech, faith is sacred and attempt to trivialise it hurt millions of his followers, noted zed.
the elephant-headed deity in the hindu pantheon, considered son of lord shiva and goddess parvati, is worshipped as god of wisdom and remover of obstacles.
his name is also invoked on auspicious occasions or starting any venture.
amazon president jeffery p. bezos should not only apologise for allowing his online platform to marketing products with images of ganesha, but also withdraw them immediately as they are offensive to us, added zed.
the seattle-based e-commerce player had on january 12 apologised for selling doormats depicting the indian tricolour (national flag) and removed them from its canadian website after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj threatened to revoke visas of its official in india.
expressing regret for offending indian sentiments, amazon india manager amit agarwal wrote to swaraj that the company was committed to respect indian laws and customs.
economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das on sunday told amazon to desist from being flippant about indian symbols and icons after the indian diaspora in the us brought to the governments notice that flip-flops (beach sandals) with mahatma gandhis image were being sold on its american website by a third-party vendors.
amazons indian subsidiary is headquartered in bengaluru.
the death sentence given to former indian navy officer kulbushan jadhav over allegations of spying was done in accordance with due process of law, pakistan's defence minister khawaja asif said on tuesday.
refuting indias assertion that the sentence was premeditated murder, the minister told the upper house of parliament that the law of the land was applied and the trial of the alleged spy went on for three months.
we have done absolutely nothing thats against the rules and regulations but there is premeditated murder going on even today in kashmir, asif told senators, adding there was nothing irregular in the legal proceedings.
he also said that jadhav has the right to appeal against his death sentence within 60 days.
as tensions with india mounted over the death sentence, pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif said on tuesday that his country was peace-loving but was not oblivious to defending its sovereignty and protecting independence.
sharifs comments came as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warned pakistan that bilateral ties would be hurt if jadhav  who was found guilty by a pakistani army court of spying, espionage and waging war against the state  was hanged.
we want a peaceful neighbourhoodshared prosperity rather than mutual suspicionat the same time, despite our earnest desire for peaceful coexistence, we cannot remain oblivious to defending our sovereignty and protecting our independence, sharif told cadets at an air force academy.
pakistani media hailed the decision by the army to sentence jadhav.
daily express said the example has been set for others who tried such adventures.
tv channels also applauded the army decision.
tv anchor dr shahid masood said that the army had managed to give a strong signal to india through this action.
the international court of justice has stayed the execution of indian national kulbhushan jadhav, who has been sentenced to death by a pakistan military court on charges of espionage.
the icj instructed pakistan to take all necessary measures at its disposal to ensure that jadhav was not executed pending a final decision by it.
minutes after the icjs order, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: we are grateful to mr. harish salve for presenting indias case so effectively before icj.
on monday, swaraj had tweeted to say salve charged the government a token one rupee fee after he argued indias case at the international court of justice against the death penalty to jadhav by pakistan.
the minister had to step in after a tweet said india could have picked up a less expensive lawyer to defend the former indian navy officer at the world court.
sixty-one-year-old salve is one of indias most expensive lawyers who charges anything between rs 10 lakh to rs 20 lakh for a court appearance.
the chartered accountant-turned-lawyer, who according to media reports is partial to apple products, specialises in tax law but is equally comfortable in criminal and constitutional matters.
perhaps that explains his list of clients that includes business tycoons mukesh ambani, ratan tata and sunil mittal.
veteran politicians mulayam singh yadav and parkash singh badal, too, have used salves services, so have actor salman khan and ipl founder lalit modi.
while he has successfully handled several high-profile corporate cases, salve played a big part in the supreme court striking down the draconian section 66a of the information technology act that made posting offensive comments online a crime punishable by jail.
the senior advocate helped law student shreya singhal defend freedom of speech and expression in the virtual world as well.
environment is a cause close to the heart of the delhi-based lawyer who enjoys playing piano.
salve, who was advising the supreme court as an amicus curie, had suggested all buses in delhi switch to cleaner cng fuel to fight air pollution.
the suggestion was highly unpopular but was accepted.
it is on his recommendation that diesel-guzzling luxury cars and suvs with engine capacity of 2000 cc cant be sold or registered in delhi.
diesel cars are big contributors to air pollution.
he was also the amicus curie in 2002 gujarat riot cases, including that of bilkis bano.
the bombay high court early this month upheld life imprisonment awarded to 11 men for raping bano.
salve, who was named the solicitor general of india when he was 43, comes from a family of lawyers and politicians.
his father nkp salve was a senior member of the congress and his mother ambriti a doctor.
salves grandfather was a successful criminal lawyer.
the congress said on tuesday its leaders or that of the opposition would not be cowed down by the politics of revenge and vendetta, which had become the dna of this bjp government.
the party accused the bjp of being blinded by revenge to target its opponents and said that it would continue to expose the saffron party before the people.
the remarks came after government agencies searched congress leader p chidambarams premises and properties allegedly linked to rjd chief lalu prasad.
the aicc in-charge of communications, randeep surjewala said: the truth is that revenge has become the dna of the bjp government.
we want to reiterate that neither p chidambaram, nor any congress leader or any other leader of opposition, would be deterred or cowed down from fear of the politics of revenge and vendetta, he said.
surjewala, instead, accused the bjp and its leaders of being corrupt as he highlighted the alleged scams involving top party leaders holding ministerial positions in this government.
may we ask the prime minister, that if the yardstick is morality, why is he shying away from ordering an inquiry into the sahara-birla excel sheets in which he himself has been named repeatedly about having taken bribes, he alleged.
surjewala also asked why prime minister narendra modi did not take action on the rs 20,000 crore loss caused to public exchequer in gujarat state petroleum scam when he himself was the chief minister.
the congress leader wondered whether the vyapam scam in madhya pradesh was corruption and asked why the modi did not take action against chief minister shivraj singh chouhan whose name allegedly cropped up in the scam.
he claimed that rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj allegedly helped people like lalit modi who escaped from the country and were wanted by investigative agencies for alleged money laundering.
surjewala asked who were the people who helped fugitives like vijay mallya escape the country.
he said the congress leaders would continue to tell the country how one autocratic ruler cannot suppress the voice of dissent and those who disagree with them.
surjewala claimed that the truth was out there for everybody to judge and the government, blinded by revenge, was registering false cases against opposition leaders.
chidambaram earlier said: the government, using the cbi and other agencies, is targeting my son and his friends.
the governments aim is to silence my voice and stop me from writing, as it has tried to do in the cases of leaders of opposition parties, journalists, columnists, ngos and civil society organisations.
this could be a first of sorts  an informal meeting between prime minister narendra modi and the chinese president xi jinping in wuhan on april 27-28  six weeks before the two leaders will meet yet again, formally, in a multilateral setting of the shanghai cooperation organisation summit meeting in qingdao.
we are informed that it was external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who had suggested such a meeting to the visiting chinese foreign minister wang yi last december and senior functionaries on both sides prioritised its fruition.
with the benefit of hindsight, it is obvious that the much discussed reset in the ties was prompted by the nerve-racking two-and-a-half-month-long stand-off between the chinese and indian armies last summer.
the doklam episode was clearly the wake-up call on both sides to retrieve the relationship before it spiralled into yet another himalayan blunder.
if nothing else, it indicates that a sufficient number of alarm bells had begun to ring  maybe louder on the indian side  and that both countries were seized of the greater perils that the collapse of this partnership would bring.
the promise of a strong and dynamic relationship, built on reinvigorated trade and investment that came with modis government in 2014 soon dissipated in debilitating and competitive power dynamics.
over the past few years, the gap between the official discourse on the one hand, (viz, civilisational ties, convergences on key global issues and india and china jointly undergirding the rise of asia) and the actual policies being adopted by both, (viz not supporting indias nuclear suppliers group membership, chinas blocking of the un designation of azhar masood, playing of the tibet card and opposing the belt and road initiative in toto by india) had gradually widened into a chasm.
one watched with near disbelief, as differences that could have been discussed and accommodated within a broader framework gradually morphed into disputes; inflammatory statements  especially during the doklam episode served to inflame public opinion; regional dynamics appeared to focus more on hedging and containment (india and the quad and china in south asia)  at any rate they appeared to be interpreted as such.
the india-china world had shrunk to a handful of concerns; the diplomatic space had become constricted and win-win was just another couple of words.
we witnessed a steady decline in bilateral ties as the two sides came to stand on opposite sides on a host of issues and the india-china relationship increasingly looked like a contradiction in terms.
it was obvious that the india-china relationship was only plummeting  and sooner or later somebody had to ask who precisely this was benefitting.
this unraveling of ties also sat uneasily with the framework that modi had outlined  and had been so welcomed  in his very first year in office: neighbourhood first and strong economic partnerships, which would further his domestic development and modernisation agenda.
this initiative does appear to have modis characteristic hands-on approach to the problem; it points to a realisation that a positive and consultative approach to the challenges would serve both better than to keep hurling accusations at each other.
it also appears to be the outcome of a sober and more realistic appraisal of the new challenges on the global economy front; and above all, it is also about the importance of the bigger picture.
the china-pakistan relationship will not simply vanish overnight or miraculously transform to indias liking and in the meantime our neighbours seem to have made their choice in favour of getting on with their own developmental agendas  with chinas help.
where does india want to be in this transformative process?
we can join this march or sit on the sidelines and watch the transformation nevertheless.
modi and xis decision to take the time out for this bilateral tete-a-tete may well prove a game-changer.
ahead of the nsg plenary, india on monday asked countries friendly with china to convince it on the issue of allowing new delhi entry into the grouping based on credentials, even as beijing asserted that the membership bid has become more complicated.
india had officially applied for membership of the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) which controls export of nuclear materials, equipment and technology in may last year.
so we feel, since russia and china share good relations, it should talk to china.
we are not asking them to put pressure on china, but use its good offices.
.
.
the matter came up for discussion at the seoul plenary session of the nsg in june last year, but yielded little result with beijing scuttling indias bid on the grounds that it was not a signatory to the non-proliferation treaty (npt).
we have always engaged with china and we are doing it for nsg as well.
and (it is being done) not only by us, but even nations friendly to us as well as enjoying good relations with china, who feel that india should get an nsg membership, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
giving russias example, she said moscow feels that india should be a part of the nsg and unsc.
so we feel, since russia and china share good relations, it should talk to china.
we are not asking them to put pressure on china, but use its good offices.
our effort is to convince china on the issue and also involve nations friendly with both the countries, the minister added.
on chinas objection on inclusion of non-npt countries, she said france was a non-npt country when it was admitted into the nsg.
when it (china) states that india and pakistan are non- npt countries, india makes a distinction that in 2008 it got a privilege (nsg waiver), she said, adding that at that time our criteria was throughly looked into.
it were the same required for any non-npt country.
today, the time is not to see our criteria, but our credentials.
we have proven our credentials and fulfilled all the commitments made in 2008.
india will be successful in getting it (nsg membership) one day, she said.
her remarks came on a day when china asserted that indias membership bid in the nsg has become more complicated under the new circumstances and again ruled out backing new delhis entry in the grouping, saying there should be non-discriminatory solution applicable to all non-npt signatory countries.
the group, which will be holding its next plenary in swiss capital bern soon, goes by consensus approach on the admission of new members.
about the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) it is a new issue under the new circumstances and it is more complicated than the previously imagined, chinas assistant minister of foreign affairs li huilai told a media briefing in beijing.
he, however, did not elaborate what the new circumstances and complications were.
china supports the nsg to have consultation for reaching non-discriminatory and universally applicable solution, applicable to all members of the nsg, he said.
pakistan has also applied for the nsg membership.
while china has not openly supported pakistans membership, it came with a two-step approach which stipulates that the nsg members first need to arrive at a set of principles for the admission of non-npt states into the nsg and then move forward with discussions of specific cases.
asked about the chances of indias admission into the grouping during this months plenary session expected to take place in the swiss capital bern, li said, chinas position on the non-npt members participation in the nsg has not changed.
li, who interacted with media to highlight chinese president xi jinpings participation in the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit to be held at astana capital of kazakhstan on june 8-9, said china wants to deepen relations with india.
china and india are important neighbours and both are fast developing, both are emerging new market economies.
both are important forces upholding peace and stability, he said.
in recent years, relations between india and china are developing sound and at quite fast speed.
president xi and prime minister narendra modi during their meetings have agreed to deepen bilateral cooperation and make joint efforts to build even closer development partnership, he said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday took to twitter to reach out to relatives of those indians who are living in libya.
in a tweet she said that though there had been massive evacuations from libya, more than 500 indians were still stranded in tripoli.
even after massive evacuation from libya and the travel ban, there are over 500 indian nationals in tripoli.
the situation in tripoli is deteriorating fast.
presently, flights are operational.
pls ask your relatives and friends to leave tripoli immediately.
we will not be able to evacuate them later, she tweeted.
libya has been witnessing intensifying fighting in tripoli ever since the self-styled libyan national army, led by field marshal khalifa haftar, launched an assault on the countrys capital on april 4.
the move has been seen as one that could potentially drag the country into a civil war.
an arrest warrant has been issued against haftar and six of his aides, even as the libyan prime minister fayez al-sarraj called on the international criminal court to investigate crimes and violations by the forces of warlord khalifa haftar and bring them to justice.
even after massive evacuation from libya and the travel ban, there are over 500 indian nationals in tripoli.
the situation in tripoli is deteriorating fast.
presently, flights are operational.
/1 pl rt  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 19, 2019pls ask your relatives and friends to leave tripoli immediately.
we will not be able to evacuate them later.
/2 pls rt  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 19, 2019more than 205 people are reported to have died with more than 900 others being injured.
libya has been in witnessing unrest since 2011 when an uprising led to the overthrowing and killing of longtime dictator moammar gadhafi.
on april 7, swaraj had tweeted that the entire indian contingent of peacekeeping forces comprising 15 crpf personnel from tripoli had been evacuated after the situation there suddenly worsened.
the situation in libya has suddenly worsened.
there is fighting in tripoli.
indian embassy in tunisia @indiaintunisia has evacuated the entire contingent of 15 crpf personnel yesterday itself.
i appreciate the excellent work by the indian embassy in tunisia.
#libya, swaraj tweeted early on sunday.
india and pakistan are exploring the possibility of breaking the ice through a humanitarian initiative involving the exchange of elderly, mentally challenged and female prisoners.
officials familiar with the development said even as the two neighbours engaged in a war of words on terrorism and ceasefire violations, officials in new delhi recently handed a list of pakistani prisoners fulfilling the aforementioned criteria to their islamabad counterparts.
also under consideration is the revival of indian and pakistani joint judicial committees on prisoners that were established in 2008 but eventually became defunct.
but officials refused to accord any time frame for these potential initiatives, given the fragile nature of bilateral ties.
the issue of the elderly, mentally challenged and female prisoners languishing in jails was first discussed when pakistan envoy sohail mahmood met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in october 2017.
the issue cropped up again in a subsequent meeting between the two.
there was this feeling that while there is no change in the stated positions on key issues and no possibility of a structured dialogue process is likely to begin anytime soon, the two sides could look at making progress on possible humanitarian issues, said an official.
he said the issue of exchanging certain prisoners languishing in jail long after serving their term is something both sides can work on.
however, another indian official said it was too early to get ones hopes high.
discussing an issue and having a concrete proposal are two very different things.
when it comes to the india-pakistan relationship, nothing happens until it has happened, he quipped.
the possibility of a structured dialogue on pakistan-sponsored terrorism and ceasefire violations remains dim, with india maintaining that talks and terror cannot go together.
however, channels of communication between the national security advisors of the two countries remain open.
although both the sides occasionally release prisoners, including fishermen who inadvertently trespass into foreign waters, this issue also begs a permanent and systemic solution.
according to data provided by the centre, as many as 341 indian fishermen and 63 indian civilian prisoners continue to languish in pakistans custody.
however, as per the lists exchanged between the two governments on january 1, pakistan claims custody of just 253 fishermen and 58 civilian prisoners in its jails.
the prisoner issue remains a grey area.
the indian and pakistani joint judicial committees used to visit prisons on both sides of the border, but they are defunct now, another official said.
men should be encouraged to study home science in college and hone their culinary skills, while women should be motivated to take up physical education, especially martial arts, as an effort to banish gender bias from society.
the suggestion was made on thursday by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the group of ministers (gom) meeting to review the national policy for women.
the policy, which is being revised for the first time in 16 years, will address current and emerging challenges involving women, especially issues related to their health, education and employment.
one of the top woman politicians in the country, swaraj heads the gom.
she told the meeting that encouraging men to study home science will help break the traditional mindset about women.
in this way, men can also contribute to making womens life better.
for someone who had juggled politics, high office and family duties with finesse, her suggestion gave perspective to a growing call to shut out the age-old stereotypical role women are restricted to.
the gom has 11 members, including commerce minister nirmala sitharaman, it minister ravi shankar prasad, urban development minister venkaiah naidu, wcd minister maneka gandhi among others.
naidu, also present in the second meeting of the gom, rooted for reservation for women in educational institutions.
this will help women get better opportunities, naidu said.
he also recommended that women starting business should be given more loans, a source said.
another interesting suggestion came from prasad who said women under-trials, accused of non-heinous crimes, and if convicted, should be released once they have served one third of their time.
commerce minister nirmala sitharaman wanted women under-trials to be put up in special homes.
the wcd ministry, which is anchoring the policy, will go through the suggestions made by the gom before deciding what all to incorporate.
the ministry is also crowdsourcing innovative ideas from citizens to make the policy more contemporary.
for the first time, the draft policy has also addressed issues related to single women and widows.
the central bureau of investigation (cbi) sought maximum punishment for all nine convicts in rohtaks apna ghar sexual abuse case during a hearing in a special cbi court.
the sentencing will be pronounced on april 27 after 2pm.
referring to the horrifying conduct of convicted apna ghar in-charge jaswanti devi and her kin, cbi senior counsel jitender kumar said that their act was unpardonable as the victims were orphans and already deserted in the society.
the inmates of apna ghar, including minor, adult and physically challenged girls, were deposed during the trial and narrated painful ordeal of rape and sexual exploitation at the hands of the accused.
their sentencing should be exemplary as to create a deterrent in the society for such heinous crime, he said during the court hearing.
the case came to light on may 9, 2012, after a team from the national council for the protection of child rights conducted a surprise raid at a shelter home, apna ghar, in rohtaks shrinagar colony and rescued nearly 120 inmates.
the shelter was run by jaswanti along with her family members and other employees that were arrested after the case handed with the cbi, following a report of court commissioner appointed by the punjab and haryana high court, soon after the raid.
apart from jaswanti, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena have been convicted on various charges of sexual and physical molestation of inmates.
another accused roshni has been convicted for buying a child born out of a rape victim.
defence seeks leniencythe defence counsel of the accused sought leniency from the court.
roshnis counsel sought lesser punishment for her as she is suffering from cancer.
satishs wife pleaded that she has two kids to look after.
with an ailing father in law, her husband was only one to support them, she reasoned.
jaswantis counsel said that she has already spent over six years in jail and should be shown some mercy.
prosecution and defenceduring the trial, the cbi counsel rested his argument on firm testimony of inmates who stood their ground in exposing jaswanti and her aides barbaric act of sexual and physical abuses such as repeated rapes, inserting in private parts besides forced abortion.
besides, it had a dna evidence of a new born baby that was born out of forced sexual exploitation of a visually and hearing impaired victim.
on the other hand, the defence counsel argued that all scientific evidences linked to this case including pictures and videos tilted in favour of the accused following forensic reports.
they said many victims whose testimony threw allegations of rape and other heinous charges against jaswanti and others, had compromised past.
the prosecution had examined 121 witnesses, 35 of them were inmates of the shelter while defence had produced 26 witnesses during the trial.
the first so-called two-plus-two dialogue between india and the us will be held in april, and pakistan, afghanistan, an alternative to chinas one belt one road (obor) plan, and arms purchases will be on the agenda, officials in washington and new delhi said.
according to the officials, none of whom wished to be identified, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman will meet for a day with their counterparts in the us, secretary of state rex tillerson and defence secretary james mattis on april 18 or april 19.
washington is expected to confirm the date this week.
the officials maintained that new delhi wants a full defence package from washington, not piecemeal purchases.
india is expected to buy 22 guardian maritime surveillance unmanned aerial vehicles from us on the condition that they will be weaponised and upgraded at a later stage.
india is looking at the latest avenger uavs which are weaponised.
the pentagon seems amenable to this step-by-step weaponization and this will come up for discussion at the 2-plus-2 dialogue, said one of the officials.
according to the officials, india will insist during the dialogue that the us should not release the remaining $255 million dollar military aid to islamabad  to send a signal to the latter to stop harbouring terrorist groups which constantly target india and afghanistan.
both the countries will also discuss the ramifications of un designated global terrorist hafiz saeeds entry into pakistani politics despite a $10 million bounty on his head for orchestrating the 26/11 massacre in mumbai.
the two countries are also expected to discuss alternatives to obor.
the chinese naval build-up in indo-pacific, particularly the south china sea, has been noticed by india-us-japan-australia (quad) group, which is committed to freedom of navigation and opposed to unilateral changes in positions as undertaken by beijing.
beijings long-term interest in afghanistan via islamabad is also a matter of concern for both india and us and could come up during the dialogue, the officials said.
apart from this, the two sides will discuss the instability in west asia with two shoulders of islam locked in conflict through proxies backed by either iran or saudi arabia, the officials added.
a strategy to counter the remnants of the islamic state, now are acting mercenaries for various intelligence groups, will also be worked out during the meeting so that vulnerable states like afghanistan, bangladesh and maldives are not threatened.
indian authorities are working with the bangladesh government to address problems faced by more than 400 indian students at a university in chittagong who have been staging protests since monday as they have not been registered by the bangladesh medical and dental council (bmdc).
officials swung into action after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took up a report on the issue by hindustan times on thursday.
she tweeted the problem had arisen because the institute of applied health sciences at the university of science and technology, chittagong, had admitted more students than permissible.
the indian envoy is in touch with the university and bmdc to find a satisfactory solution, she said.
despite the assurances from swaraj, the indian students continued their protests on saturday.
they held a rally near the university and demanded speedy action by the universitys administration.
the protests had begun on monday.
i have received the report from mr.harsh shringla indian high commissioner in bangladesh.
/1 https://t.
co/1d8urfelqc  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 13, 2017the university has admitted more students than permissible.
he is in touch with the university and bangladesh medical and dental council /2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 13, 2017to find a satisfactory solution.
indian students should remain in touch with our mission in dhaka.
/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 13, 2017we wanted to block a nearby highway but we were turned away by police.
so we marched in a rally.
no one from the high commission has come to meet us but we are hopeful that action will be taken as we have seen the external affairs ministers tweets, an indian student, who did not want to be named, told hindustan times.
the indian students drawn from across the country are part of three batches, comprising a total of about 1,000 students, who have not been registered by bmdc.
students from nepal, sri lanka and bangladesh too are part of the affected batches.
some indian students said the situation is particularly difficult for candidates who have to sit for their final mbbs examination from january 23.
officials of the university acknowledged that the problem had arisen because bmdc had decided to register only a fixed number of students from every institution after a larger number had already been admitted.
they said the registration is done after the admission.
seven indians abducted in afghanistan on sunday are believed to be in an area near the capital of northern baghlan province and efforts are underway to secure their release, two persons familiar with the latest developments said monday.
the indians, all electrical engineers working for kec international limited, the flagship company of rpg group, were taken away along with their afghan driver by gunmen in the provincial capital of pul-e-khumri while on their way to a government-run power station.
afghan officials have blamed the taliban.
the indians are now believed to be in dand-e-shahabuddin area of pul-e-khumri, according to an official.
we are doing whatever we can to secure their release.
we have an idea of about where they might be, and who might be able to help the local administration to get their release, said the indian official, asking not to be named.
the taliban is suspected to be behind the kidnappings, with an official calling this a type of soft abduction, usually done for extortion.
local authorities suspect qari bakhtiar, a key taliban commander in the area, could have played a role in the abductions.
bakhtiars son tariq was arrested by afghan security forces in march.
during a meeting with indias ambassador vinay kumar in kabul on monday, afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani expressed grief and sorrow at the abduction of the indians and said afghan security forces will not spare any efforts to protect the physical safety and secure the release of these engineers.
rabbani said efforts had been initiated through community elders to secure the release of the indians, according to a statement from the afghan foreign ministry.
he made a similar assurance to his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj during a phone conversation on sunday.
officials are looking at whether there was any lapse in the protocol for indian nationals travelling in an area with a strong taliban presence without security guards.
baghlan governor abdul nemati said security forces and local officials are trying to trace the indians and their driver.
he said local tribal elders too have stepped up efforts for the release of the indians and gave an assurance that they would be released soon.
the seven indians and their afghan driver were kidnapped in bagh-e-shamal area of pul-e-khumri early on sunday while on their way to a power substation.
pajhwok afghan news reported, citing witnesses, that a group of armed men stopped the white car the indians were travelling in on the pul-e-khumri-mazar-e-sharif highway.
the witnesses saw them being taken away in a mini bus by the armed men.
baghlan has witnessed significant fighting over the past two years with the taliban establishing a strong presence in the area.
in recent months, the taliban have targeted facilities for supplying electricity, angered because power is not being supplied to villages under their control.
the abductions also came days after india and china unveiled plans to jointly implement a development project in afghanistan.
pakistans military establishment has for long opposed a larger role for india in afghanistan.
indian and us officials have accused elements in the pakistani military of using militants to target indian interests.
during his meeting with the indian envoy, foreign minister rabbani appreciated indias significant role in the reconstruction of afghanistan and expressed his contentment at the strong bilateral relations and cooperation among the two sides.
rabbani said the foreign ministry would cooperate with india to further expand these relations and cooperation.
the two sides discussed the political priorities of afghanistan, such as the peace process, elections, bilateral economic and trade cooperation and projects being implemented with indian support.
a tweet by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has brought back hope for a ghana couple who was struggling to get proper treatment for their four-year-old daughter abena, suffering from cerebral palsy, in allahabad.
the couple had received a tourist visa due to which it was not possible for them to stay back in allahabad for five months needed for treatment.
as the news reached sushmaswaraj swaraj, she tweeted that ghana couples visa will be increased on the advice of their doctor so that the child could get treatment.
after the assurance tweeted by swaraj, orthopaedic surgeon dr jitendra jain, who is providing treatment to abena, and her father richmand have speed up process for the extension of visa.
abenas parents richmand and fustina had sent an email to the ministry of external affairs for extending visa from february 2, 2017 till june.
on receiving the assurance, abenas father richman left for ghana to take care of his other daughter.
abenas mother fustina, who was very happy, said at one point they lost all hope of staying back in india.
now, i can feel that abena will recover from the problem and will be able to walk and lead a normal life.
we are eagerly looking forward to that day, she added.
dr jitendra jain, who specialises in treatment of cerebral palsy, said the process had started for getting medical visa.
the treatment will involve surgery, exercise and physiotherapy.
the parents will also be trained for providing different therapies to abena, he said.
fifteen-year-old pakistani boy ramzan, who is lodged in a madhya pradesh shelter home, now wants to go to back to bangladesh, as he fears pathankot fallout may stall his repatriation to pakistan.
in response to his request, an official of the child welfare committee (cwc) said, now with pakistan, we are also trying to explore his way (back) to bangladesh.
ramzans father had taken him to bangladesh from pakistan five years ago.
the boy had crossed into india two years ago to reach his mother in pakistan.
however, he was caught and sent to ummeed shelter home in bhopal.
his hopes to meet his mother in pakistan rose after a strong assurance by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and a pakistan high commission official who met him in november last year on different days.
ramzan said he wanted to be with his mother as soon as possible as she was upset after his maternal grandmother suffered a brain stroke in karachi.
but, the wait is getting longer now, he said, adding, if it is not possible to send me to pakistan, i want to go back to bangladesh where i can live with fuppi (paternal aunt) and other relatives and then try to go back to pakistan from there.
in fact, arambh has already requested the child welfare committee (cwc) through a letter on january 16 that the boy be repatriated to bangladesh if pakistan course didnt materialise soon.
some cwc officials said that a delhi-based ngo had volunteered to facilitate his repatriation to bangladesh provided the boy was officially in their custody.
aarambh director archana sahay said, ramzan was losing hope by the day.
we are doing his counselling to keep him normal.
pakistani human rights activist ansar burney said, i am trying my best to push his case.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sought a report from the indian mission in malaysia to rescue a 46-year-old indian abducted in the country.
we are taking this abduction very seriously.
i have asked indian high commissioner in malaysia to keep me informed on daily basis, she tweeted.
her response came after the family of keshpal singh, who is missing in malaysia for over 20 days, sought her intervention.
@sushmaswaraj ji pls help he has been kidnapped by someone.
he asked for money yesterday#sos malay police isnt helping @meaindia #malaysia, tweeted keshpals son yogendra.
keshpal has been working in malaysian capital kuala lumpur for last five years.
she tweeted:we have secured the release of 5 indians from kerala jailed in togo.
good work by indian mission in accra and consulate in togo.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 1, 2017the five indians, employees of a merchant navy firm, were in jail since 2013 for their suspected involvement in a piracy attack off the coast of togo.
they were sailing on board a ship from mumbai to south africa when they were arrested.
the external affairs minister has in the past been appreciated for her timely interventions and speedy responses on social media, which has made her one of the most followed politicians on the platform.
it remains uncertain whether prime minister narendra modi will be travelling to palestine when he goes to israel, possibly in june.
if modi doesnt travel to palestine it will be a break from the past; senior leaders who have so far travelled to the region have had both israel and palestine in their itinerary.
the last two high-profile visits to the region under modis premiership  president pranab mukherjee in october 2015 and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in january 2016  had visited the two countries.
mukherjee even became the first indian president to visit israel on his trip.
according to sources, the visit to israel as a stand-alone one will be more befitting to mark the 25th year of the two countries diplomatic ties.
read | pm modi has done more foreign trips in 2 years than vajpayee did in 5meanwhile, there is also a possibility of india hosting palestine president mahmoud abbas before modi visits israel.
but a source said the visit has not been locked yet.
indian officials have been insisting that there is no change in the countrys position on the palestine question; it was the modi government which hosted the first ever india-palestine joint commission, and new delhi believes in two-state solution to the conflict.
though india remains wary of how the arab world will see its ties with israel, the modi government has been more open about its ties with the jewish state.
differences should not lead to disputes in india-china ties, defence minister nirmala sitharaman said on tuesday as she emphasised the relationship between the two neighbours could be a factor of stability in a world of uncertainty.
sitharamans remarks, made at the beginning of her talks with her chinese counterpart wei fenghe, came hours after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reiterated indias strong stand on terrorism, saying it is against life, peace and basic human rights.
swaraj also flagged indias concerns over connectivity projects within shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) countries while speaking at a meeting of foreign ministers of the bloc.
she did not explicitly mention chinas belt and road initiative (bri) but said sovereignty is essential in connectivity projects.
sitharaman said indias ties with china transcended the bilateral dimension and had a bearing on the world.
we are guided in our relations with china by the consensus reached between our leaders that at a time of global uncertainty, india-china relations could be a factor of stability and that we must not allow our differences to become disputes, she said.
sitharaman, who arrived in beijing on monday, attended the sco defence ministers meeting on tuesday.
it was her first visit to china after taking over as defence minister.
the agenda of her meeting with wei wasnt made public.
terrorism is an enemy of basic human rights, of life, peace and prosperity.
both swaraj and sitharaman spoke at their respective sco ministerial meets for the first time after india, along with pakistan, became a full member of the bloc.
their pakistani counterparts were present at the meetings.
we want connectivity to pave the way for cooperation and trust between our societies.
for this, respect for sovereignty is essential.
inclusivity, transparency and sustainability are imperative.
india has declined to join bri because of sovereignty concerns as one of its flagship projects, the china-pakistan economic corridor, passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir.
swaraj listed international connectivity projects that india is part of, including the international north-south transport corridor, a transit hub centred round chabahar port in iran, the ashgabat agreement, india-myanmar-thailand highway project and bangladesh-bhutan-india-nepal initiative.
swaraj reiterated indias stand on globalisation in international trade.
india is committed to working with sco to strengthen our economic and investment ties.
we believe that economic globalisation should be more open, inclusive, equitable and balanced for mutual benefits.
protectionism in all its forms should be rejected and efforts should be made to discipline measures that constitute barriers to trade, she said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj came to the rescue of a man from mumbai, who was stuck in mozambique.
anand krishna singh, who works in africa, was allegedly accused of theft and beaten up at gunpoint by his employer and his passport was taken away.
his sister anita suvarna wrote and tweeted to the authorities, tagging swaraj.
the tweet that led to prompt action:#help indian stuck in mozambique.
beaten daily to extort money.
@sushmaswaraj @narendramodi and @indiainmoz #pleasert pic.
twitter.com/bwyws5sqdx  karl gomes (@karlgomes) may 30, 2017swaraj immediately responded and asked the embassy to contact her.
the embassy responded with this tweet:high commission has established contact with mr anand and trying to resolve the issue.
india in mozambique (@indiainmoz) may 31, 2017the tweet was retweeted by swaraj.
his sister anita told ht, i am very happy.
the ministry has come as a great help.
thanks to the government for us the acche din has come.
my brother will be returning tomorrow.
ahead of lok sabha elections 2019, which are scheduled to be held in seven phases beginning from april 1, poll campaigns across the country have gathered heat.
both prime minister narendra modi and congress president rahul gandhi will address rallies in telangana monday.
modi, who launched his campaign in the state on friday, would address a public meeting at the lb stadium monday evening in support of the candidates of the bjp, which is contesting the 17 lok sabha seats on its own.
gandhi will be on a whirlwind visit to the state monday, addressing three election rallies at zaheerabad, wanaparthi and huzurnagar.
with just ten days left for polling, bjp president amit shah and partys other top leaders, including union ministers rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and nitin gadkari, are also expected to campaign for the party nominees in coming days, state bjp spokesperson krishna saagar rao told pti sunday.
read highlights here:3:48 pm ist havent raised taxes, yet development on fast pace: pm modi we have not raised taxes in the last five years, but development has been on fast pace.
previous governments used to complain of lack of funds, including for buying rafale aircraft, said pm narendra modi in andhra pradesh.
3:44 pm ist u-turn babu tries to take credit for centres work: pm modi u-turn babu doesnt have time to think about farmers.
his favourite work is to label his sticker on the works of the central govt, like he did with pm kisan nidhi yojana,  said pm narendra modi andhra pradesh.
3:41 pm ist only bjp can preserves andhras heritage, u-turn babu takes care of his own heritage: pm modi.
only the bjp can take care of andhra pradeshs heritage, because u-turn babu is busy taking care of his own heritage, said pm modi.
andhras heritage is honesty, while naidus heritage is fraud.
he keeps family first, he added.
3:28 pm ist in andhra, pm modi targets chandrababu naidu over polavaram project in andhra pradesh, pm modi targets chandrababu naidu over polavaram project.
he said that for u-turn babu this project is like an atm.
3:25 pm ist with help of tax payers, taken steps to strengthen infrastructure: pm modi with the help of you all honest taxpayers, we have taken steps to strengthen agriculture, education, connectivity and industrial infrastructure in rajahmundry and andhra pradesh, said pm modi while addressing a public meeting.
3:20 pm ist pm modi thanks people of andhra for their blessings first of all, i want to thank the public of andhra pradesh from the land of krishna and godavari.
whatever i have been able to accomplish in five years, it is only due to the blessings you all have showered upon me, said pm modi while addressing a rally in andhra pradeshs rajahmundry.
3:11 pm ist pm modi addresses public meeting andhra pradesh pm narendra modi is currently addressing a public meeting in andhra pradeshs rajahmundry.
3:05 pm ist will expose behind the curtain drama of the left, congress: thushar vellappally sir thanks for giving me the opportunity and big thanks for the kind words.
this behind the curtain drama of the left and congress we will expose to our country men.
i am with you in this fight to eradicate foreign rule from our motherland.
namo again @amitshah @narendramodi, tweeted thushar vellappally, ndas candidate from wayanad.
2:58 pm ist ndas thushar vellappally to contest from wayanad i proudly announce shri thushar vellappally, president of bharat dharma jana sena as nda candidate from wayanad.
a vibrant and dynamic youth leader, he represents our commitment towards development and social justice.
with him, nda will emerge as keralas political alternative, tweeted bjp national president amit shah.
2:51 pm ist consulted with economists for 6 months to decide on nyay: rahul the false promise that modi government made, the congress party will deliver on it.
modi had promised rs 15 lakh to the poor that never happened.
however, i consulted with economists and how much is it feasible to put in the bank accounts of the poor.
after discussing the matter for six months, we came to a conclusion that the government can provide rs 72,000 annually and thats how we came up with the nyay scheme.
so when voted to power, our government will transfer money to the bank accounts of the people who earn less than rs 12,000 per month, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
2:46 pm ist goal is to remove bjp and narendra modi from power: rahul gandhi there is a partnership between telangana cm and narendra modi.
he doesnt speak about rafale.
do not forget that the only goal is to remove bjp and narendra modi from power, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
2:45 pm ist demonetisation was modis method to steal peoples money: rahul gandhi demonetisation was neither a fight against black money nor against corruption.
it was narendra modis method to steal public money and give it to handful of crony capitalists, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
2:38 pm ist congress chief rahul gandhi addresses rally in telangana congress chief rahul gandhi addresses rally in telangana2:13 pm ist sp-bsp-rld to sweep first phase of polls: akhilesh samajwadi party (sp) chief akhilesh yadav asserted on monday that the sp-bsp-rld alliance will sweep the first phase of elections in uttar pradesh on april 11 and rout the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
talking to reporters, the former uttar pradesh chief minister said: reports from the ground are encouraging and the empty seats in bjp rallies is a sign of their dipping fortunes.
we will win all the eight seats in the first round, he said, adding that the alliance would do exceedingly well in the lok sabha polls and finally unseat the bjp.
2:12 pm ist bsp releases second list of candidates for up the bsp monday announced its second list of six candidates for lok sabha polls in uttar pradesh.
while amar chandra jauhar has been given ticket from shahjahanpur (sc), nilu satyarthi will be party candidate from mishrikh (sc), a party statement said.
manoj agarwal has been fielded from farukhabad, nisha sachan from akbarpur, pankaj singh from jalaun (sc) and dileep kumar singh from hamirpur.
the bsp, which is contesting on 38 lok sabha seats (of the total 80 seats) after entering into an alliance with the samajwadi party, had on march 22 declared its first list of 11 candidates.
the party in its earlier list gave ticket to former jd(s) leader kunwar danish ali from amroha, besides announcing haji fazulrahman as its nominee from saharanpur, malook nagar from bijnore and girish chandra from nagina.
1:57 pm ist corruption rampant under bjd rule in odisha: amit shah corruption rampant under bjd rule in odisha, it needs young cm to ensure speedy development, said bjp national president amit shah at odisha rally.
1:54 pm ist sad that cm cant speak in odia without reading: amit shah it is really sad that despite being the chief minister of odisha for 19 years, naveen patnaik cant speak of in odia without reading from the paper, said amit shah while addressing a public meeting.
1:42 pm ist bjp chief amit shah addresses public meeting in odisha bjp national president is currently addressing a public meeting in odishas gajapati.
1:40 pm ist shashi tharoor files nomination from thiruvananthapuram congress leader shashi tharoor on monday filed nomination from thiruvananthapuram parliamentary constituency.
1:36 pm ist not in race for pms post, says mulayam yadav samajwadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadav, accompanied by his son akhilesh yadav, filed his nomination from uttar pradeshs mainpuri on monday afternoon for the lok sabha elections.
mulayam singh yadav, the 77-year-old founder of sp, ruled himself out of the prime ministerial race.
when asked who is the pm candidate of the sp-bsp alliance, he said, it will be decided after the polls.
1:11 pm ist will help anyone who wants to create employment: rahul gandhi if voted to power, our government will help anyone who wants to create employment in the country, or start a new business and will facilitate bank loans for them, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
1:06 pm ist partnership between trs and bjp: rahul gandhi there is a partnership between trs and the bjp.
your chief minister never raises a voice against modi or the bjp government.
he never raises questions about demonetisation or rafale, instead he supports the pm in the parliament, said congress chief rahul gandhi in telangana.
1:03 pm ist if voted to power, congress will invest 6  of gdp in education: rahul gandhi if we are voted to power, congress will invest 6  of the gdp in education.
we will build new institutions and bring back the scholarships that have been snatched away from you, said rahul gandhi while addressing a public meeting telangana.
12:58 pm ist rahul gandhi explains minimum income scheme i cant lie.
it is not possible to give rs 15 lakh.
however, after working on it for six months, we have come up with a scheme according to which anyone who earns less than rs 12,000 a month, will be provided with an annual sum of rs 72,000, said rahul gandhi in telangana.
12:54 pm ist pm modi didnt deliver on employment promise: rahul gandhi pm narendra modi didnt deliver on the promises of employment to youth or rs 15 lakh that he promised to the poor people of the county, said congress national chief rahul gandhi while addressing a public meeting in telangana.
12:50 pm ist congress president rahul gandhi address rally in telangana congress president rahul gandhi address rally in telangana12:28 pm ist congress scared to contest from where majority of hindus live: pm modi pm narendra modi took a veiled dig at rahul gandhis decision to contest from wayanad apart from amethi.
now that they have associated hindus with terrorism, congress is scared to contest from where the majority of hindus live, he said while addressing a public meeting in maharashtra.
12:24 pm ist cong wont be forgiven for associating hindus with terrorism: pm modi using a term like hindu terror is an insult to the nation.
there has not even been one incident in the history of the world where a hindu has indulged in terrorism, said pm modi to congress alleging that the congress has insulted hindus all over the world and will not be forgiven for this.
12:20 pm ist do you want indian heroes or those who have become heroes in pak: pm who do you want?
the heroes of india, or those who have become heroes in pakistan, asked pm modi while addressing a rally in maharashtras wardha.
12:14 pm ist congress-ncp alliance is like kumbhkarna: pm modi the congress-ncp alliance in maharashtra is like kumbhkarana.
each one of them wakes up every six months so as to indulge in corruption and goes back to sleep again, said pm modi in wardha.
12:10 pm ist infighting in ncp; party slipping from sharad pawars grip: pm modi sharad pawar is one of senior most leaders of the country, and also wanted to become the pm.
but he then decided to not contest because he knows which way the wind is blowing.
however, one of his problems is also that within the ncp a family battle is going on.
his nephews are trying to take over the party, said pm modi in maharashtra.
12:07 pm ist your abuse ornament for me: pm to cong on chowkidar of toilets remark a few days back, a senior congress leader said that modi has only guarded toilets.
i want to tell them, that i am going to take this as a compliment because when i become a watchmen of the toilets, i am also a watchmen for the women of the country, said pm modi in maharashtra.
12:04 pm ist cong-ncp wont be able to sleep tonight, says pm modi in maharashtra congress-ncp wont be able to sleep tonight, said pm modi in maharashtra.
12:01 pm ist pm modi lauds isro scientists for emisat defence satellite launch while addressing a poll rally in maharashtra pm modi lauds isro scientists for emisat defence satellite launch from sriharikota space centre.
11:58 pm ist pm modi addresses poll rally in maharashtra pm modi is currently addressing a poll rally in maharashtra.
11:30 am ist amit shah to shortly address rally in odisha taking forward the bjp poll campaign, party national president amit shah will on monday address two public meetings in odishas berhampur and nabarangpur.
9:40 am ist pm modi to address public meeting maharashtra prime minister narendra modi will address a public meeting in wardha monday to campaign for the bjp-shiv sena alliance candidates in vidarbha region.
all the 10 candidates of the bjp-sena alliance will be present at the meeting, bjp sources said.
the candidates include union ministers nitin gadkari (nagpur) and hansraj ahir (chandrapur), krupal tumane (ramtek), ramdas tadas (wardha), ashok nete (gadchiroli), bhavana gawali (yavatmal-washim), anand adsul (amravati), sanjay dhotre (akola), sunil mendhe (bhandara-gondia) and pratap jadhao (buldhana).
chief minister devendra fadnavis will also attend the meeting.
governor (kerala) : we are sparing no effort.
https://t.
co/sigsuqwgvo  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 31, 2017her tweet came in response to the meeting held between the relatives of father uzhunnalil and kerala governor justice p sathasivam in thiruvananthapuram.
former kerala chief minister oommen chandy accompanied the relatives to meet the governor this evening and requested him to expedite action to trace father uzhunnalil, who was kidnapped by the is in aden in yemen on march 4 last year.
the governor assured them of all possible help and forwarded the plea submitted by the relatives to swaraj.
father uzhunnalil had gone missing after the terror group attacked a care home run by mother teresas missionaries of charity.
saying that she was impressed by the energy displayed at the summit and that she herself felt young again, swaraj urged the delegates to remain in contact with each other though social media.
who knows one of you might become a minister, prime minister or governor in years to come, she said in a lighter vein.
earlier, the 11 point india-asean youth summit bhopal declaration was read out which talked about cooperation between youths of the asean nations and strengthen people to people contact.
state governor om prakash kohli and un youth envoy jayathma wickramanayake also spoke on the occasion.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is known for her wit on twitter.
and she displayed it once again on saturday morning when she replied to a question posed to her on the social networking site.
swaraj, who had changed her twitter handle to chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj in keeping with prime minister narendra main bhi chowkidar campaign, was asked why she called herself chowkidar.
in his question, the person wrote, ma,m we thought you were our foreign minister.
the only one most sensible in bjp.
why do you call yourself chowkidar.
the person was replying to her tweet regarding the death of an indian in a stabbing incident in munich.
in response to the question, swaraj tweeted, because i am doing chowkidari of indian interests and indian nationals abroad.
swaraj is known for her personal engagement with people on twitter in addressing their concerns.
this is one of the primary reasons that make her popular on the social media platform.
in 2017, a twitter user had written to her on the micro-blogging site saying, i am stuck on mars, food sent via mangalyaan (987 days ago), is running out, when is mangalyaan-ii being sent ?
@isroin response, swaraj had tweeted, even if you are stuck on the mars, indian embassy there will help you.
a 23 year old woman from bihar is struggling to find a way to get back the body of her husband who was allegedly stabbed to death by a pakistani co-worker-cum-room partner, in the kingdom of saudi arabia on saturdaymahajni, wife of the deceased man, mohammad sohail, 28, said she got a call from saudi arabia, around 3 pm on saturday.
the caller informed me that my husband was killed by mohammad waqas ahmad, a pakistani national, who shared a room with him, she told ht.
the woman, who lives wit h other members of her (late) husbands family at sibotar village in pandaul block of madhubani district in north bihar, said because of extreme poverty her husband was living in the room with three others, including a youth from up and two pakistanis, one of whom had stabbed sohail.
since then, the family is at its wits end, trying to find a way to get sohails body back home.
the problem is we dont even known the name of the city in which my husband was residing in saudi arabia.
all we know is he was engaged by al-jazeera company iand left mumbai for saudi arabia, along with others, on january 13 this year, said mahajni.
an agent had helped sohail reach saudi arabia on a visiting visa, about five months ago, she added.
the family now wants external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to facilitate speedy transit of the body through diplomatic channels in saudi capital riyadh.
we also want her to get an inquiry instituted into the murder of sohail, ensure punishment for the culprit(s) and to take steops to make the al jazeera company pay adequate compensation to us, as next of sohails kin, said mahajni.
she expressed hope ministry of external affair moves fast for any delay might prompt the hospital concerned to even dispose of the body.
she also claimed sohail was often humiliated by his pakistani co-workers and room mates for being indian.
mahajni urged the bjp mp from jhanjharpur in north bihar, birendra choudhary, who met the bereaved family on monday, to talk to the authorities concerned to help bring sohail's body home.
madhubani district magistrate giriwar dayal singh told ht, he would talk to the officials in the ministry of external affairs, and arrange for the body to be brought back to india.
this is really a very sad end of a family bread winner, said sohails co-villager pratik ranjan.
a 40-year-old software engineer from allahabad has gone missing in the united states, his family has said.
father of the missing techie said he last spoke to his son dilip kumar, who works with the microsoft in san jose, california, on march 15.
since then there has been no communication with him.
san jose police registered a case on may 14 based on a missing complaint lodged by the family and started investigation, said brij bihari lal srivastava, father of the software engineer.
police believe kumar has not left california.
the location of his mobile phone was found inside his residence.
but they are clueless about his whereabouts.
srivastava wrote to president pranab mukherjee, prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, urging them to put pressure on the us authorities to locate his son.
srivastava, a retired government official, also approached the us embassy for help.
the external affairs ministry has assured all possible help, he said.
kumar went to the us after completing his studies around eight years ago.
before switching over to the microsoft, he had worked with the tcs.
he is married to an american, irian wilson.
though he did not visit india for years, he was in regular contact with the family, including his elder brother, vinit and two sisters, srivastava added.
delhiupdated: aug 07, 2019 09:01 istthe delhi government on wednesday declared a two-day mourning in the national capital as a mark of respect for senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who passed away on tuesday.
sushma swaraj briefly served as the chief minsiter of delhi in 1998.
(follow updates here)swaraj passed away at aiims, delhi after suffering a cardiac arrest.
she was 67.
delhi govt will observe two days state mourning as a mark of respect in the memory of former chief minister & senior leader respected sushmaswaraj swaraj ji, deputy chief minister manish sisodia tweeted.
chief minister and aap national convenor arvind kejriwal condoled her death, saying the country has lost a great leader.
sushma ji was a very warm and remarkable person.
may her soul rest in peace, kejriwal tweeted.
swaraj, who was indias first full-time woman foreign minister (indira gandhi held additional charge of the ministry when she was prime minister) suffered the cardiac arrest late in the evening and was immediately taken to the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims).
she died after efforts to revive her failed.
she was brought to the hospital after she had collapsed at home.
she reached aiims emergency at about 09:35 pm, said a hospital spokesperson.
china has resumed sharing data about brahmaputra with india from earlier this week, as it promised to do in march, when a team from the indian water resources ministry met its counterparts from china.
while hydrological data of the brahmaputra has started coming from may 15, china will start sharing data on the sutlej next month.
the data is important for predicting floods in basins of the rivers.
brahmaputra gets severely flooded during monsoon months affecting northeaster india and bangladesh.
china stopped sharing the data with india last year soon after the doklam stand-off.
relations with china, which hit a low last year, have since improved.
last month, indian pm narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping met for an informal summit in wuhan.
the two are expected to meet again in early june.
china has started sharing the data on brahmaputra and will be sharing data on sutlej from june, said ts mehta, commissioner brahmaputra.
china, the upstream country, shares the scientific study of the movement, distribution and quality of water data for the river.
the flow data also includes rainfall, water levels and discharge with india during the monsoon months: may to october.
india did not receive any hydrological data from china last year, despite an agreement between the two countries.
beijing maintained that its hydrological stations were being upgraded and that data couldnt be shared although this did not seem to affect the data being shared with bangladesh.
if china can stop the information despite indias advance payment, they have made a point that they can do it anytime and india wont be able to do much about it.
originating from tibet, the brahmaputra is one of the major rivers in china.
from tibet it flows down to india and later enters bangladesh where it joins the ganga and empties into the bay of bengal.
ajmer police on thursday formed three teams to trace a 21-year-old french woman who had gone missing 13 days ago.
the police action comes a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured the womans friends on twitter that the authorities would trace her out soon.
the woman, gaille chouteau, dropped off the radar soon after she checked out of a pushkar hotel on june 1.
information gathered from campaigns launched by her friends and relatives on facebook and other social media platforms revealed that she had last communicated with them on june 1, while she was leaving the town.
we have formed three teams to look for clues on the missing lady, said ajmer superintendent of police rajendra singh chudhary.
we have also sent teams to jodhpur, which was the last place she stayed before coming here.
also, according to the hotel owner, she had enquired about tapukara in alwar before checking out.
according to pushkar station house officer mahavir sharma, footage from a cctv camera installed in the vicinity showed chouteau going towards the bus stand around 6.
36 am.
she checked out of the hotel at 5.
45 am, he added.
a report submitted to chudhary, a copy of which is in hts possession, states that the woman had enquired about ways to reach tapukara in alwar before she went missing.
tapukara is big industrial area adjoining bhiwari in alwar.
many foreigners work in that place, and she may have gone there with the intention of meeting somebody she knows, the superintendent of police said.
however, chudhary admitted to not knowing if she actually reached tapukara because no c form  a document that has to be mandatorily submitted at the local police station upon a foreign nationals arrival in an area  was found in the alwar polices possession.
the owners of an oil tanker, whose five indian crew members were kidnapped in the waters off nigeria last month, have established contact with the abductors and are negotiating for their release, people familiar with developments said on tuesday.
the indians were reportedly abducted on april 19 when the vessel, the palau-registered apecus, was anchored off lagos in nigeria.
there was no official word on the current status or whereabouts of the kidnapped men.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted she had seen news reports about the abduction of the indian sailors by pirates.
she added: i am asking indian high commissioner to take this up at the highest level with government of nigeria for their release.
swaraj also sought a report on the matter from abhay thakur, indias envoy to nigeria.
the people cited above said the indian mission in abuja was already in touch with the nigerian government and the owners of the vessel to ensure the release of the five indians.
given the indian governments policy of not engaging with hostage-takers, the negotiations are being handled by the tankers owners.
a tweet from the official account of the indian high commission in abuja said the mission was in very close touch with (the) nigerian navy and police.
without giving details, it added: concerned parties have made initial contact.
caution is of utmost importance for everyones safety.
former parliamentarian baijayant panda, who has taken up the issue of the five indians on behalf of the wife of one of the sailors, identified the abducted men as sudeep kumar choudhury, ankit hooda, chirag jadhav, putcha sai avinash and moogu ravi.
there was no official word on the identities of the men.
there have been several instances in recent years of indian sailors being kidnapped on the high seas, especially by somali pirates.
in most of these cases, the hostages were released after the payment of ransom, usually by the vessels owners.
the two missing indian clerics of delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah have been traced and have reached karachi, pakistan conveyed to india on saturday.
pakistan foreign office has confirmed that the two indian clerics have been traced and reached karachi, a source said in new delhi.
the confirmation came after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to pakistan prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz, regarding the case.
aziz is in london currently.
the clerics  82-year-old asif ali nizami, head priest of the dargah, and his 66-year-old nephew nizal ali nizami  were reportedly found in sindh after disappearing.
the two men were on a pilgrimage in pakistan when their families lost contact with them.
while the details remain unclear, swaraj made a strong pitch to aziz for tracing the clerics.
i spoke to mr. sartaj aziz pakistan pm's adviser on foreign affairs regarding missing indian nationals, she posted on twitter on saturday evening.
officials say the clerics were traced soon after this call.
#indianclericspicked have been released after eam @sushmaswaraj spoke to pak pm's advisor sartaj aziz.
#nizamuddinauliya.
@indiainpakistan pic.
twitter.com/9a3dypstd1  geeta mohan (@geeta_mohan) march 18, 2017according to pakistani media reports, both clerics had been in interior sindh where there was no communication network and that is why they could not tell their relatives about there whereabouts.
they will leave for india on march 20.
earlier reports said the men were feared to have been taken into custody by intelligence agencies or kidnapped by a militant group.
the nizamis reached pakistan on march 4 to visit several shrines and relatives.
they reportedly visited the dargah of khwaja fariduddin masud ganjshakar (popularly known as baba farid) at pakpattan, some 160 km from lahore, on march 13.
the next day, they visited the data darbar dargah in lahore.
on thursday, shortly after posting pictures of their visit to the datta darbar, they disappeared from the airport.
the indian high commission in pakistan had taken up the matter at the highest level in the pakistani government.
with the death toll in flood-affected nepal crossing 50, india on sunday said that it was ready to support and cooperate its neighbour in all ways and means.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, in a telephonic conversation with nepals deputy prime minister and minister for foreign affairs krishna bahadur mahara on sunday evening, pledged all possible support.
on saturday, mahara called on indian ambassador majeev singh puri to request him for new delhi to open the floodgates on the koshi, gadak and rapti rivers, and as per reports, india took prompt action and helped smooth discharge of waters.
however, some gates on the koshi river have not been opened because the sudden flow of water may wipe out settlements on the indian side of the border.
there is criticism against india for not opening floodgates on the rivers on time, which has resulted in floods in southern nepal, especially in the terai region.
however, the indian embassy said the flood has affected both countries, adding that it is constant contact with authorities in uttar pradesh and bihar.
india was the first country to respond during the 2015 nepal earthquakes, sending search and rescue teams to help those affected.
a group of indians living in a silicon valley neighbourhood have sought the help of the indian consulate after an alleged racial attack left two of them injured.
aniruddha mondal and monima nandi were injured after they came to the help of sharda ks during an argument last sunday with a group of white men in front of their house at dixon landing road in milpitas, california, according to mondal.
we heard sharda shouting for help as a group of white people (two men and a woman) were hurling abuses at her.
when we tried to intervene, a white person hit me.
after a few minutes, monima was physically assaulted, said mondal, who got american citizenship in 2016 has a pio card.
statements by the attackers indicated the incident was racially motivated, according to samrat nandi, monimas husband.
nandi, who works for a software firm, said he called the police, but by the time they came, the attackers had fled.
all the indians live in the same neighbourhood, except mondal, who was visiting nandi.
sharda and her husband prithwi patil, who was also involved in the altercation, came to the us six months ago.
later, a complaint was filed with the police, but nandi alleged they are yet to take action.
on behalf of the group, nandi contacted the indian consulate in san francisco next day.
deputy consul general rohit rathish gave an assurance that the matter was being taken forward, nandi said.
an email by rathish to nandi, seen by hindustan times, said that the consulate had written to the mayor of milpitas, the police department as well as council members informing them about the incident and requesting their attention to the matter.
hindustan times called the milpitas police, but was informed that only the watch commander could comment on the incident.
ht was unable to reach the watch commander.
an email to milpitas police went unanswered.
nandi also tweeted to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking help.
delhis seven lok sabha seats logged 60.
17  polling in the sixth round of the general elections across 59 constituencies on sunday, with north east delhi recording the highest figure of 63.
41  as the capitals electorate sealed its verdict in the triangular contest between the bharatiya janata party (bjp), the aam aadmi party (aap) and the congress.
the election commission said that the overall provisional turnout for phase 6 was 63.
67  till 10pm against the 2014 figure of 63.
69 .
west bengal, which witnessed more political violence in the latest round of voting, topped the chart with 80.
39  voting.
the national capital witnessed a dip in turnout compared to the 2014 figure of 65.
1 , with delhis chief electoral officer (ceo) ranbir singh saying it did not meet expectations.
while the provisional turnout figure for delhi was lower than the figure of the previous general elections, it was the third-highest since 1977, according to official data.
the voting percentage may go up after more details are received, the commission said.
the east delhi seat recorded 59.
63  voting, followed by new delhi and south delhi, which saw 56.
9  and 58.
59  polling respectively.
west delhi logged 60.
64  voting, while north west delhi recorded a turnout of 58.
97 .
chandni chowk saw a turnout of 62.
68 .
in faridabad and gurgaon, the voter turnouts were 64.
48  and 67.
38  respectively.
union minister rao inderjit singh is seeking re-election from gurgaon, while krishan pal gurjar is in the fray from the faridabad lok sabha seat.
the polling in delhi came days after the aap and the congress were engaged in protracted talks to stitch up an alliance but failed to strike a consensus to take on the bjp, which currently holds all seven seats in the national capital.
in 2009, the congress had won in all parliamentary constituencies in delhi.
among those who voted in the national capital on sunday were president ram nath kovind, congress president rahul gandhi, united progressive alliance chairperson sonia gandhi, and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra and cricketer virat kohli also cast their votes.
after voting at a polling booth at aurangzeb lane, the congress chief said love will win in the elections, which have seen high-pitched campaigns fuelled by rhetoric, political slugfests and personal attacks among top leaders.
speaking at an election rally in indore later, prime minister narendra modi launched an attack on gandhi, saying dynasty can take him to the top position of a party, but it doesnt bring vision and wisdom.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal appealed to the delhi electorate to vote for those who have done work and not for those spreading hatred and venom.
as delhi residents voted on sunday, complaints of malfunctioning electronic voting machines (evms) were reported from several places.
the aaps malviya nagar mla somnath bharti alleged that evms at booths 116, 117 and 122 were not functioning.
polling began late at a few booths because of glitches.
the delhi chief electoral officer said that until 3pm, the poll watchdog replaced 61 ballot units, 35 control units, and 286 voter verified paper audit trail (vvpat) units.
the biggest number of glitches was reported in the south delhi segment.
reports of evm faults also came in from chandni chowk and west delhi.
one of the reasons [for the lower turnout] could be that this year, the elections coincided with the summer vacations.
many people might have already left the city.
this year, elections are being held during the peak summer months.
in 2014, elections were held on april 10 when the weather was still comfortable.
also, elections this time in delhi were held on a weekend, the delhi ceo said.
about 14.
3 million people in the national capital were eligible to vote in the polls that will decide the fate of 164 candidates.
the seventh and last phase of elections will be held on may 19 and the counting of votes will take place on may 23.
polling was also held in the sixth phase for 14 seats in uttar pradesh, all 10 in haryana, eight seats each in bihar, madhya pradesh and west bengal and four in jharkhand apart from delhis seven seats.
with the conclusion of sundays phase, votes have been cast in nearly 89  of the 543 constituencies.
prominent among those contesting in the sixth phase were former chief ministers akhilesh yadav, digvijaya singh, bhupinder singh hooda and sheila dikshit, and union minister maneka gandhi.
at least 80  polling was recorded in eight seats in west bengal, where the bjps ghatal candidate and former ips officer bharati ghosh was attacked twice by local people when she tried to visit polling stations in her constituency.
ghosh suffered minor injuries when a group of women allegedly attacked her when she tried to take a bjp agent inside a polling booth at keshpur area, an official told pti.
re-polling was conducted at booth number 116 in west bengals barrackpore parliamentary constituency and booth number 110 in arambag lok sabha seat, along with one polling station each in puducherry and tripura.
a poll officer was allegedly beaten up by an mla of the bjp in uttar pradesh during the penultimate phase.
maneka gandhi and her rival bahujan samaj party candidate chandra bhadra singh were engaged in an argument in sultanpur, with the bjp leader warning him that hooliganism would not be allowed.
singh dismissed her charge.
fear and anger gripped the african student community on tuesday despite increased police presence, the centres promise of swift action and more arrests in the violence against nigerians in greater noida a day earlier.
the african association of students of india (aasi) asked students in greater noida, a township coming up in uttar pradesh, to stay away from colleges till they were provided police security.
we are hopeful the situation will improve.
yet, it is too early to advice students to resume their normal life.
they are terrified, said chemist goodwill, a nigerian who is also a representative of aasi.
the greater noida violence against africans is the latest in a string of such incidents in new delhi and its satellite towns.
at least six africans, most of them nigerians, were wounded in three separate incidents in south delhis chattarpur in may, a week after a 23-year-old congolese man was stoned to death in a village near vasant kunj.
the african students are upset over the failure of the government to prevent such incidents.
a basic sensitisation drive has not been carried out by the government.
it is the people who have to be told that we are also humans and they should not judge us by our colour, aasi president samuel jack, who is from nigeria, said at a press conference in new delhi.
the student body asked the centre to move quickly or be prepared for a boycott of india by students from the continent.
the ultimatum came even after the noida police arrested two more persons and booked more than 300 unnamed people for the assault that wounded four nigerians.
we are viewing each and every video footage to grab the scandalous groups quickly, superintendent of police sujata singh said, adding they were looking for two more accused.
five persons were arrested a few hours after some locals participating in a candle march attacked africans out for evening shopping.
the protest was over a teenaged boys death because of suspected drugs overdose.
the locals blamed manish kharis nigerian neighbours for supplying him the contraband.
the modi government, too, moved in to contain the damage.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after an african student tweeted for help.
minister of state for external affairs mj akbar spoke to the acting high commissioner of nigeria and apprised him of the steps being taken for the security of nigerian nationals.
greater noida is home to around 4,000 students from africa enrolled in various colleges and private universities.
at least 200 police personnel were deployed at busy road intersections, educational institutions and public places on tuesday morning.
police personnel deployed at sharda university in greater noida on tuesday.
(virendra singh gosain/ht photo)the district administration called a meeting of police, representatives of residential societies, educational institutes and african students in the evening.
police were patrolling the streets and we are sending out a message to all african students that they are 100  safe in greater noida, local sho avnish dixit said.
security may be up but prejudices run deep.
africans do not behave properly in public places, do not carry themselves in a decent manner and show aggression when they talk, said anil sharma, a resident of greater noida.
the bias is not lost on african studentswe are a very hospitable, peaceful people.
millions of indians are happily living in our country so why cant they treat us the same.
just because we are black we are not entitled for law and order and safety?
aasis jack said.
at least 22 people were killed in an explosion at the end of a pop concert by us star ariana grande in manchester in northwest england, police said.
eyewitnesses described a huge bomb-like bang and scenes of panic as young fans fled the venue.
a fleet of ambulances was seen rushing to the venue and bomb disposal teams were dispatched soon after.
in pics | panic grips manchester after terror blast at ariana grande concertthis is currently being treated as a terrorist incident until police know otherwise, police said in a statement.
here are the highlights:10.
10pm: france ordered heightened security at sports and cultural events on tuesday and president emmanuel macron said he would set up a new counter-terrorism coordinating body10.
05pm: the chiefs of italys police and intelligence forces, along with a british security official, have met to review anti-terrorism measures in light of the manchester bomb blast, which occurred four days ahead of a g-7 summit in sicily.
10pm: i can confirm that the man suspected of carrying out last nights atrocity is 22-year-old salman abedi, manchester police chief constable ian hopkins told reporters, adding that he would not make any further comments about abedi at this stage.
9.
40pm: british police identify manchester attacker as 22-year-old salman abedi.
9.
30pm: london stocks dipped on tuesday, with sentiment dented by a deadly terror attack in manchester, while eurozone equities climbed on upbeat data.
the british capitals ftse 100 index of leading blue-chip companies wobbled between gains and losses during the day, closing down 0.
2 .
9.
10pm: queen elizabeth ii on tuesday condemned the terrorist attack in manchester as an act of barbarity.
the 91-year-old monarch offered her deepest sympathy to the families and friends of the 22 victims of the attack and the 59 injured in the suicide bombing at the end of an ariana grande concert in manchester arena.
she led a one-minute silence on the grounds of buckingham palace during one of her pre-planned garden parties.
8:45pm: british prime minister theresa mays spokesman says she has visited the greater manchester police headquarters and the manchester childrens hospital.
8:40pm: british prime minister theresa mays spokesman says she has had calls with us president trump, french president macron, italys gentiloni and australias turnbull after the manchester attack.
8:35pm: us ambassador to the un nikki haley says america is deeply saddened to hear of the senseless attack on concert-goers in manchester.
we stand with our british friends as they heal from this cowardly act of terror.
our prayers are with the innocent victims of this attack and their families, she says.
8:30pm: united nations secretary general antonio guterres condemns terror attack, and hopes those responsible for the unjustifiable violence will be brought to justice.
7.
30pm: pop group take that says it is canceling its show in liverpool, northern england a day after the deadly bomb attack at an ariana grande concert in manchester.
the band says it is postponing the performance out of respect to all of the people and their families that were affected by the horrific incident last night.
7.
25pm: jose mourinho, manager of the football club manchester united, said the victims of a deadly bomb attack in manchester were in the minds and hearts of his squad as man united prepared for wednesdays europa league final against ajax in stockholm.
7.
15pm: the us president donald trump has condemned the evil losers behind monday nights attack on a pop concert in manchester that claimed the lives of at least 22 people and injured scores more.
trump used the manchester attack to echo a message he has delivered in saudi arabia and israel on his first overseas tour as us president, calling on countries to root out terrorism.
we stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the united kingdom.
pic.
twitter.com/x6fuuxxyxe  donald j. trump (@realdonaldtrump) may 23, 20177.
05pm: greater manchester police gave no further details about the arrest but said they had executed warrants in the districts of whalley range and fallowfield, where a controlled explosion took place.
6.
40pm: manchester police say a controlled explosion took place in fallowfield as part of investigation into last nights attack.
6pm: british authorities say an 8-year-old girl, saffie roussos, was among the 22 who died in the manchester bombingmedical officials say 12 children under the age of 16 were among those injured in the suicide bombing attack at a pop concert in manchester, england.
5:18pm: islamic state says one of its members carried out the manchester attack.
one of the soldiers of the caliphate was able to place an explosive device within a gathering of the crusaders in the city of manchester, the statement said.
5:10pm: mayor of greater manchester andy burnham asks people to attend a vigil at 6 pm.
please join us for a vigil at albert square at 6pm tonight.
we are grieving today, but we are strong.
@mennewsdesk @bbcnwt @granadareports pic.
twitter.com/opmjk0jfut  mayor andy burnham (@mayorofgm) may 23, 20175pm: manchester police appeals to people to avoid the city centre to allow emergency service to work at the scene of the incident.
pic.
twitter.com/s1vvoj5ake  g m police (@gmpolice) may 23, 20174:45pm: indian high commission in the uk says all special helplines active.
more helplines will be activated shortly.
our special helplines following manchester attack are now active.
for any assistance:info.
london@hcilondon.
so far there is no report of an indian casualty in the #manchester attack.
we are keeping a close watch on the situation.
@hci_london .
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 23, 20174:34pm: the arndale shopping centre that was temporarily evacuated was being reopened, says a reuters witness.
police have begun removing the cordon and workers were slowly being allowed back into the site.
4:27pm: uk police arrest 23-year-old man in manchester in relation to concert attack.
with regards to last nights incident at the manchester arena, we can confirm we have arrested a 23-year-old man in south manchester.
g m police (@gmpolice) may 23, 20174:12pm: police say they are investigating an incident at the arndale shopping centre : reuters4:05pm: manchesters arndale shopping centre evacuated, reports a reuters photographer.
witnesses said they heard a big bang at the shopping centre.
3:46pm: while we experienced the worst of humanity in manchester last night, we also saw the best: theresa may3:45pm: uk pm theresa may says not known if manchester attacker was acting alone or as part of group2:05pm: us president donald trump expressed solidarity with the united kingdom, condemns the evil losers behind the blast.
i extend my deepest condolences to those so terribly injured in this terrorist attack, and to the many killed and the families, so many families of the victims, trump said.
so many young, beautiful innocent people living and enjoying their lives murdered by evil losers in life.
1:30pm: russian president vladimir putin said he was ready to boost anti-terror cooperation with britain in a condolence message to prime minister theresa may over the inhuman attack in manchester, the kremlin said.
1:15pm: london mayor sadiq khan said there will be more police on the streets after the manchester attack.
1pm: the indian high commission in london set up a response unit and activated more helplines to assist any indian nationals caught up in the manchester terror attack that claimed 22 lives.
12:45pm: german chancellor angela merkel voices sorrow and horror over manchester terror attack.
this suspected terrorist attack will only strengthen our resolve to work with our british friends against those who plan and execute such inhuman acts.
i assure the people in britain: germany stands by your side, merkel said in a statement.
12:15pm: british police closed londons victoria coach station and the surrounding streets, the bbc reported, after finding a suspect package.
a suspect package is being checked out, a metropolitan police spokesperson said.
buckingham palace road and other streets in the area are closed: reuters quotes bbc11:50am: french president emmanuel macron will hold a telephone call with british prime minister theresa may in the wake of the manchester attack, macrons office said in a statement on tuesday.
the most cowardly form of terrorism has struck once again, targeting - as in paris more than a year ago - a concert venue, french prime minister edouard philippe said in a statement in a reference to a similar attack at the bataclan concert hall in paris in november 2015.
i call on my fellow citizens to observe the utmost vigilance, confronted as we are with a threat which is more present than ever before, philippe said11:35am: police say the attacker died when he detonated his device, killing 22 others including children and injuring 59 people.
11:25am: manchester police say they believe one man carried out attack on ariana grande concert; not sure if he acted alone.
we believe, at this stage, the attack last night was conducted by one man, manchester chief constable ian hopkins said.
the priority is to establish whether he was acting alone or as part of a network.
the attacker, i can confirm, died at the arena.
we believe the attacker was carrying an improvised explosive device which he detonated causing this atrocity.
10:35am: after conservative theresa may, jeremy corbyn will also suspend campaign for the june 8 general election in britain.
may succeeded david cameron as the britain pm after he resigned following the eu referendum.
10am: congress president sonia gandhi expressed shock and sadness at the ghastly terror attack in manchester.
expressing solidarity and offering condolences to families of those who lost loved ones, she said that the world must come together as one to fight the scourge of terrorism cutting across boundaries and religion.
8:45am: twitter accounts affiliated to islamic state have used hashtags referring to the blast to post celebratory messages, with some users encouraging similar attacks elsewhere.
it seems that bombs of the british airforce over children of mosul and raqqa has just came back to #manchester, one user named abdul haqq said on twitter, in reference to the iraqi and syrian cities held by the militants where a us-led coalition is conducting air strikes.
8:30am: ariana grande, the american singer who was performing at the manchester venue shortly before the blast, reacts on twitter:broken.
from the bottom of my heart, i am so so sorry.
i don't have words.
ariana grande (@arianagrande) may 23, 20178:10am: devastating to learn of news in uk.
my thoughts are with all those affected by the explosion in manchester tonight, says nasa astronaut scott kelly.
7:50am: jeremy corbyn, leader of the main opposition labour party tweeted: terrible incident in manchester.
my thoughts are with all those affected and our brilliant emergency services.
the canadian pm, justin trudeau, says his citizens were shocked by the news of the horrific attack in manchester tonight.
7:45am: manchester launches emergency number: 0161 856 94007:40am: manchester police say they are working with national police, intelligence agencies to investigate concert explosion.
read | timeline of major terror attacks in europe7:35am: us department of homeland and security closely monitoring situation in manchester, england: reutersthe department said in a statement it had no information to indicate a specific credible threat involving music venues in the united states.
however, the public may experience increased security in and around public places and events as officials take additional precautions, the statement said.
armed police officers stand near the manchester arena.
(reuters photo)7:15am: theresa mays conservatives will suspend campaigning for a national election on june 8 after the suspected terror attack, broadcaster sky news reports.
7am: prime minister narendra modi reacts to the manchester blast, says: pained by the attack in manchester.
we strongly condemn it.
our thoughts are with the families of the deceased & prayers with the injured.
6:55am: emergency services still working at the scene of last nights incident at manchester arena and continue to ask public to avoid the area, tweets britain police.
6:50am: britain pm theresa may condemns the appalling terrorist attack at a pop concert in manchester.
we are working to establish the full details of what is being treated by the police as an appalling terrorist attack, says may.
all our thoughts are with the victims and the families of those who have been affected.
6:30am: unconfirmed reports say a suicide bomber had detonated a nail-filled explosive device.
6:25am: british police carried out a controlled explosion near the manchester arena venue after a suspected blast killed 19.
emergency services personnel speak to people outside manchester arena after reports of an explosion at the venue during an ariana grande concert in manchester, england on may 22.
(ap)there will be a controlled explosion in cathedral gardens shortly if you hearing anything dont be concerned, police said on twitter, referring to a small park opposite the concert venue.
but a second tweet said: officers carrying out a precautionary controlled explosion in cathedral garden confirm that it was abandoned clothing, not a suspicious item.
6: 20am: the first unconfirmed reports of an explosion emerged shortly after 2145 gmt on monday.
we heard the last song go and then suddenly there was a massive flash and then a bang and smoke, said gary walker from leeds who was with his wife waiting for their daughters to come out told bbc radio 5 live.
latest statement on incident at manchester arena pic.
twitter.com/beploan3dy  g m police (@gmpolice) may 23, 2017walker said he was hit by shrapnel in his foot while his wife sustained a stomach wound.
6:15am isabel hodgins, who had been attending the concert, told sky news: everybody was panicking, there was pushing up the stairs.
the corridor was full, it smelled of burning, there was quite a lot of smoke as we were leaving.
its just shocking and we just feel very shaken up.
were just lucky to have gotten away safely.
majid khan, 22, who was attending the concert with his sister, said: a huge bomb-like bang went off that hugely panicked everyone and we were all trying to flee the arena.
calvin welsford, 18, from bristol told the bbc: it almost sounded like a gunshot.
i looked around and people were just spilling down, heading out of the building.
i was actually having an asthma attack.
it was sheer panic, he said.
manchester residents opened up their homes to people left stranded by the incident, sending messages with the hashtag #roomformanchester.
spare bed and room for anyone stuck in manchester tonight, 5minutes away in taxi #roomformanchester stick together  stacey curley (@staceycurley4) may 23, 2017i live 5 mins from the manchester arena.
i have sofa bed, food/drink and phone chargers if anyone needs any help #roomformanchester  nick q (@qhnick) may 23, 2017lucky to have gotten awayseveral media outlets reported that there had been two explosions from within the 21,000 capacity venue.
robert tempkin, 22, from middlesbrough, told the bbc: everyone was screaming and running, there were coats and peoples phones on the floor.
people just dropped everything.
some people were screaming theyd seen blood but other people were saying it was balloons busting or a speaker had been popped.
there were lots of ambulances.
i saw somebody being treated.
i couldnt tell what had happened to him.
the manchester ambulance service warned people only to call for life threatening emergencies as it had a large number of resources at the incident.
people sit by the side of the road next to a police cordon outside the manchester arena, where u.s. singer ariana grande had been performing, in manchester, northern england, britain, may 23.
(reuters)suzy mitchell, whose flat is opposite the venue said she heard a huge bang and came out of her flat to see everyone was running away in big crowds.
train services to and from manchester victoria station -- located under the arena -- had been cancelled.
disruption is expected to continue until the end of the day, national rail said in a statement.
british transport police said in a statement: officers are at manchester arena following reports of an explosion within the foyer area of the stadium at 10.
30pm this evening.
the incident caused transport chaos, with traffic jams outside the venue.
emergency services work at manchester arena after reports of an explosion at the venue during an ariana grande gig in manchester, england.
(ap)emergency services are dealing with an incident near manchester victoria, resulting in all lines being closed, operator northern railway wrote on its website.
gopika shajikumar is currently undergoing treatment at the farwaniya hospital in kuwait city.
i was informed about the stabbing of mrs. gopika shajikumar an indian national from kottayam.
i asked for an immediate report and we have complete details of the unfortunate incident, swaraj tweeted.
she said gopika has undergone surgery at the farwaniya hospital.
our embassy has taken up the matter at the highest level in kuwait to ensure safety and security of indian nationals there.
/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 21, 2017she also wished gopika a speedy recovery.
however, justifying the talks between the national security advisers of the two countries, she said the mechanism was to ensure talks on terror.
today the ease (between them) is such that president xi has said that whenever you think there is something going against you, pick up the phone and talk to me directly.
and pm modi said if you want to know my opinion about any subject, pick up the phone and talk to me.
the minister explained that there were three major objectives for the informal summit.
first, smoothen relations; second, to bring an understanding on global issues; and third, increase mutual trust.
all three objectives have been met.
thats why we termed the meet successful, the minister said.
the meeting, the minister claimed was an unprecedented dialogue mechanism that has never been tried anywhere in the world.
she said the status quo was restored and persists at doklam, the india-tibet-bhutan tri-junction, where the india and chinese armies faced off last year before modi and xi resolved the issue.
on ties with pakistan, the minister said, we are willing to have a dialogue, but with the caveat that terror and talks cannot go together.
this has always been our position.
the minister spoke out against the order on gilgit-baltistan on may 21 by pakistan prime minister shahid khaqan abbasi through which the national government got authority from the local council to deal with the affairs of the region.
the order is seen as islamabads efforts towards incorporating the disputed region as its fifth province.
as for gilgit-baltistan being named by pakistan as its fifth state, the same day we expressed our opposition, and the reply came more as a lesson on history and geography.
i felt while reading their answer was, look whos talking they need not give us sermons on it, the minister said.
the minister said india is in touch with the white house, the state department as well as us law makers on the curbs on work visas that would affect indians: we are talking to us white house, us state department, the us congress and senate to push us not to revoke h1b and h4 visas.
she said the government has ensured a visit has taken place to 186 out of 192 countries; in the past four years, it has brought home 90,000 stranded indians from various troubled spots.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured on wednesday a pakistani man of a medical visa so that his two and a half-month-old infant, who is suffering from a heart disease, can be brought to india for treatment.
swarajs assurance came after the childs father brought the matter to her notice on twitter.
the child will not suffer.
please contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will give the medical visa, she said.
earlier, a man named ravi kumar had also written to swaraj, saying that the infant needs immediate treatment and had sought her intervention in the matter.
amid the doklam standoff, army personnel from india and china on friday are understood to have held a meeting at nathu la mountain pass in sikkim.
the face-off between armies of the two countries at the india-bhutan-china tri-junction in doklam figured in the border personnel meeting (bpm), a source said.
the bpm set up was launched by both countries to sort out local issues and ensure peace and tranquility along the sensitive border.
the two sides hold bpm in five points which include daulat beg oldie in northern ladakh, kibithoo in arunachal pradesh, chusul in ladakh, bum-la near tawang in arunachal pradesh and nathu-la in sikkim.
india and china have been locked in a face-off in the doklam area of the sikkim sector for nearly eight weeks after indian troops stopped the chinese army from building a road in the area.
china claimed it was constructing the road within their territory and has been demanding immediate pull-out of the indian troops from the disputed doklam plateau.
bhutan says doklam belongs to it but china claims it to be its territory.
china has been ramping up rhetoric against india over the last few weeks demanding immediate withdrawal of indian troops from dokalam.
the chinese state media, particularly, have carried a barrage of critical articles on the doklam stand- off slamming india.
india also conveyed to the chinese government that the road construction would represent a significant change of status quo with serious security implications for it.
who will be the next president of india?
as opposition parties attempt to put up a candidate jointly, here is a list of possible contenders from the ruling nda:draupadi murmu: the 58 -year old politician from odisha is currently the governor of jharkhand.
she was a minister in the bjd-bjp alliance government in odisha between 2000 and 2004.
there are three factors that make her a likely candidate: as a woman, her elevation could help the bjp consolidate its base among women voters.
her tribal origin will help the bjp and its ideological patron, the rss, reach out to the constituency.
she hails from odisha, where the bjp is emerging as the principal opposition party, relegating the congress to the third position.
her candidature might also force the ruling party of odisha, the bjd, to vote for the nda nominee.
sumitra mahajan: eight-term mp from indore, the 74 year old politician became lok sabha speaker in 2014.
mahajan was a minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government.
she enjoys the confidence of prime minister narendra modi.
opposition parties have, however, often questioned her impartiality.
sushma swaraj: 65-year old swaraj is indias second woman leader to hold the charge of foreign affairs ministry.
she is a seven-term parliamentarian, three-term mla and former chief minister of delhi.
at 25, she became the youngest cabinet minister in haryana government in 1977.
she has friends across party lines, something that can help the bjp create a larger consensus on the presidential nominee.
m venkaiah naidu: a politician from andhra pradesh, naidu is currently the urban development and information & broadcasting minister.
the 67-year-old leader is a former president of the bjp and one of the first to back modi as the partys prime ministerial candidate.
he was a minister in the atal bihari vajpayee government as well.
as the bjp seeks to expand its footprint in the south, a presidential nominee from a southern state could give it a talking point.
thawar chand gehlot: the 68-year-old politician from madhya pradesh is currently the social justice minister in the modi government.
he is the only schedule-caste leader in the bjps highest decision making body, the parliamentary board.
a leader with an rss background, gehlot is a non controversial leader.
india has taken up with frankfurt airport authorities the matter of an indian woman being asked to strip by the security officials during her travel on march 29.
@cgifranfurt has taken up this matter with frankfurt airport authorities.
the matter has been referred to the police for investigation, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on sunday night.
we are awaiting report of the police investigation, she added.
the ministers tweet came following news reports based on the womans facebook post.
we were travelling to iceland from india via frankfurt with our 4-year-old daughter when i was asked to move aside for this random check, no explanations offered.
i was taken into a room and was asked to lift my dress/take it off so that i could be checked to make sure i wasnt carrying anything under my clothes, she wrote.
im always the chosen one for random security checks.
.
.
of course it is random.
of course it is not because im brown.
but this happens every time.
.
.
home minister rajnath singh and urban development minister m venkaiah naidu will meet congress chief sonia gandhi on friday to seek support for the national democratic alliance (nda) nominee in the july 17 presidential election.
hectic negotiations began in both the treasury and opposition camps after the election commission issued the poll notification.
a confident nda is burning the midnight oil to ensure that it registers a thumping win in the likelihood of an electoral contest.
here are the four key highlights of its strategy for the presidential poll.
new panel constitutedbjp chief amit shah has set up a new panel of ananth kumar, mukhtar abbas naqvi (both union ministers) and party general secretary bhupendra yadav to work with state units for ensuring the nda nominees victory.
consensus-buildinga panel of union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley and m venkaiah naidu has already been set up to initiate talks with nda allies and the opposition.
leaders of the congress, ncp, cpi(m) and the bsp have already been contacted.
more meetings between the treasury and opposition parties have been proposed for the coming weekend.
eye on oppositioneven as efforts are underway to build a consensus on the ndas nominee, the bjp is trying to prey on vulnerable mps and mlas from the opposition camp.
bjp leaders are understood to have touched base with elected representatives of the trinamool congress in west bengal and the congress in gujarat and karnataka.
dalit-brahmin combinationthe bjp is reportedly considering a brahmin-dalit combination for the post of president and vice-president.
the names of uttar pradesh governor ram naik, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and veteran politician murli manohar joshi are reportedly being considered for the presidents position.
social justice minister thawarchand gehlot is seen as a probable candidate for the post of vice-president, which falls vacant in august.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj helped a septuagenarian couple from andhra pradesh get passports for their disabled daughters.
swaraj, who is known to react promptly to sos messages on twitter, responded equally to a petition on change.org, an online platform for social change, and sent the passport officials to the couple for assistance.
the couple - rallapalli rama subba rao and subbalakshmi - from nellore in andhra pradesh was overjoyed when officials of the regional passport office came knocking on their door on tuesday to enable their disabled daughters get their passports at their home.
rao, a retired tehsildar, filed a petition on change.org on monday about the plight of his polio-affiliated daughters and their difficulty in making a personal appearance at the passport office.
the union minister, in response, on monday night tweeted, i have gone through your petition.
we will definitely help and sought his personal details.
accordingly, officials from the rpo contacted the couple at their residence while the district special branch police too completed the necessary formalities.
the couple, which took care of the two daughters for over 40 years, now wanted to send them to the care of their brothers settled abroad and hence the need for passports.
we are overjoyed that sushmaswaraj swaraj ji responded to our petition.
we are deeply grateful to her for offering help in getting our daughters passports, rao said.
passport officials have already contacted us and taken the details, he said.
sushma jis prompt action restores our faith in good governance and i am really happy that our ministers are helping people, the retired tehsildar added.
(highlights)all indian embassy officials are safe in sweden terror attack that took place close to the embassy area, the minister said in a statement.
at least three people were killed when a truck drove through crowds in the central part of the swedish capital city, injuring several others.
speaking to ani, indian ambassador to sweden monika mohta said, i heard loud noises and saw two people lying on street.
i also saw three others injured.
she also informed that rail services have been temporarily halted and the house of culture was shut down.
the attacker hijacked a beer truck and crashed into an upscale department store in what swedish prime minister stefan lofven called a terror attack.
sweden has been attacked, lofven said in a nationally televised press conference.
this indicates that it is an act of terror.
the truck crash appeared to be the latest attack in europe using a vehicle.
last month, in an attack claimed by the islamic state group, a man drove into a crowd on londons westminster bridge, killing three people and injuring many others before stabbing a policeman to death.
he was shot dead by police.
a fourth person, a woman thrown into the thames by the force of the car attack, died thursday.
indiaupdated: aug 08, 2019 23:50 istin his first public address after the government pushed through constitutional changes with regard to jammu and kashmir (j&k), prime minister narendra modi reached out to citizens in the state-turned-union territory with a vision of peace and development for the future.
addressing the nation on thursday evening, modi laid out the rationale for ending article 370, bifurcating j&k, and making it a union territory along with granting a distinct ut status to ladakh.
he outlined the economic, educational and development opportunities that would now open up for indian citizens in jammu, kashmir and ladakh; reassured j&k that its system of political representation would remain intact and that there would be a return to full statehood once the conditions were right; signalled to government employees that their work would be recognised and rewarded; underscored the importance of panchayat leaders in delivering welfare programmes; acknowledged the difficulties that citizens had to face in the region currently with a promise to ease them eventually; and greeted citizens on the upcoming eid festival with a reassurance that the government would create an environment where it could be celebrated.
the pm, in a televised address, also urged stakeholders across the country to work towards creating opportunities in the two uts; appealed to those who disagreed with the move, including the opposition, to now work unitedly for the progress of j&k and ladakh; and argued that the changes would strike a decisive blow to terrorism and separatism, encouraged by pakistan, and eventually lead to peace.
also watch: pakistan used 370 to spread unrest in valley: pm modis address to nationunion home minister amit shah had shepherded the relevant motions and bills in both houses of parliament, which rendered article 370 ineffective and reorganised the state.
while the pm was scheduled to address the nation on wednesday, he postponed it out of respect for his senior party colleague and former external affairs minister, the late sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was cremated that day.
modis much-anticipated address began with a direct explanation of the governments assessment of article 370 and article 35a, the two provisions which gave kashmir a distinct status.
a system which had deprived citizens of jammu and kashmir and ladakh of rights, which had impeded their development has now ended with all our efforts.
.
.
these two provisions only gave separatism, terrorism, dynastic rule, and corruption.
modi then went into specifics of how the presence of article 370 had kept people in j&k deprived of the rights and opportunities that citizens elsewhere in the country possessed.
laws made in parliament were not applicable to the rest of the country.
in other parts of india, children have the right to education, but in j&k, they were deprived of it.
in other places, girl children got benefits, but in j&k they were deprived of it.
in other places, the safai karamchari act is applicable, but safai karamcharis in j&k were not covered by it.
in other places, there is a strong law on atrocities against dalits, but dalits in j&k were out of its ambit.
in other places, there is a minorities act to protect them, but in j&k, minorities are deprived of it.
in other places, there is a minimum wages act for workers, but the workers in j&k enjoy this only on paper.
in elections everywhere else, there are seats reserved for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, but not in j&k.
with the end of article 370, modi claimed, jammu and kashmir would now get liberated from its negative effects.
the pm then went on to construct a case of how the new system would actually benefit citizens.
he first reached out to government employees, including the local police, and assured them that they would, after a review, be able to avail of facilities and benefits available to employees in all other uts.
he then addressed young people, assuring them that all vacancies both in the central and local government would soon get filled.
the army and paramilitary forces would also now recruit locals through a sustained campaign.
modi added that both central public sector units (psus) and private sector companies would also be encouraged to create opportunities in the state.
later in the speech, the pm underlined how the recently-elected panchayat leaders of j&k -- who he had interacted with in both srinagar and new delhi at his residence -- were playing a transformative role in delivering welfare.
he claimed that with the end of article 370, they would flourish.
he also appealed to both the young and the women in particular to take up leadership and tap opportunities.
modi spoke of the potential of various sectors in the new ut, from tourism to natural resources.
he held out the hope that like films used to be shot in kashmir in the past, the era of film shoots would return; he outlined the potential of sportspersons from kashmir who would be able to bring laurels for india globally with the right sporting infrastructure and support that the government would now provide; and he urged citizens from the rest of india -- from industrialists to those in the technology world -- to do their bit in creating avenues in j&k.
modi also spoke of the specific opportunities in ladakh, including of spiritual, adventure and eco-tourism.
among the contentious decisions taken by the government, and passed in parliament, was the one to change jammu and kashmirs status to a ut.
modi claimed that this had been done after careful thought.
he said that in the past year, under direct federal rule, there had been increased coordination between the state and central administrations.
this had, according to the pm, enabled both good governance and transparency, projects stuck for decades had now picked up, connectivity was gaining ground from rail and road links to airport modernisation, and a new work culture was being institutionalised.
however, in a clear signal of reassurance to the citizens who may fear the curtailment of political rights as a change in the states status, modi said, you will vote like you voted before.
your representatives will be chosen among you.
you will continue to have members of the legislative assembly, ministers, and a chief minister like you had in the past.
we want assembly polls, a new government, and young people as ministers and cm.
i wantto assure you that with all honesty and transparency, you will get a chance to elect government like you got a chance to elect your panchayats.
modi then held out the hope that the ut status was temporary.
the paradise on earth, j&k, will attain development heights.
it will attract the world.
the ease of living of citizens will improve.
they will get their rights unimpeded.
the administration will take forward welfare schemes.
and, then, we wont need to have the ut status in j&k.
the pm, however, emphasised that the ut status for ladakh would continue.
the pm then reached out to those who differed with the move.
some have differences.
i respect it.
the centre is responding and addressing these concerns.
it is our democratic duty.
but please keep national interest first.
we need to move beyond who supported or did not support the move in parliament -- and work unitedly for j&k.
it was towards the end of his speech that the pm addressed the current situation in the valley, where security restrictions are in place, movement is curtailed, and both phone and internet connections are non-operational.
there was a need to take some steps.
there have been some difficulties because of it.
people are facing it -- and are supportive.
a handful of people want to spoil the environment, but they are being given a response by the local people there, he said.
he added that pakistans conspiracies to back separatism and terrorism had been fought by patriotic people from j&k itself.
i want to tell them that slowly, situation will become normal and inconvenience will reduce.
given the fact that eid is around the corner, on august 12, there have been concerns about how the restrictions would impede the occasion.
the pm said that the government was conscious that people should not have a problem marking eid.
the government will help all those who live outside and want to return home for eid.
the main opposition party, the congress, was not convinced.
senior congress leader anand sharma said pm narendra modis speech was hardly reassuring for the people of the state.
what the prime minister has said is a repetition of what home minister amit shah has said.
that can hardly be reassuring for the people of jammu and kashmir.
.
.
it lacks any conviction and logic which, would be reassuring the citizens of jammu and kashmir about the respect of their fundamental rights, he told pti.
his party colleague abhishek manu singhvi said the time now was to stand behind the country.
pm modis speech meant rightly mainly for j&k inhabitants; once parliament has passed what it has, the country must remain united behind it; despite different views (eg i found it legally flawed) but decision must be supported as a nation; hope confidence & faith must be imparted to all in j&k+ l {ladakh}, he wrote on twitter.
independent observers felt that pm modis speech did not address kashmiri concerns.
happymon jacob, an academic at the jawaharlal nehru university who has extensively worked on kashmir, said: mr modis statement was geared towards gaining legitimacy for the bjp governments kashmir policy within india than to ensure that kashmir becomes truly democratic or trouble-free.
it was an exercise in half-measures towards an alienated population.
home minister rajnath singh will visit mongolia soon, with india drawing up a plan to step up bilateral ties across sectors following the visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to ulaanbaatar in the last week of april, officials familiar with the developments said.
indias plans to deepen ties with mongolia, sandwiched between russia and china, comes at a time when beijing is expanding its influence in delhis periphery in south asia, with analysts terming indian push as an instance of politico-diplomatic astuteness.
swarajs visit was the first visit by indian foreign minister to mongolia in 42 years.
prime minister modi had visited mongolia in 2015 and a plan for a comprehensive partnership was in the works since then, the officials indicated.
the visit of pm modi in may 215 to mongolia saw the two countries raising the partnership to a strategic level.
now that the two countries would be further deepening the ties across sectors, said a government official who asked not to be named.
according to the agreed minutes of india-mongolia joint committee, which swaraj co-chaired on april 25, the two countries have agreed to promote the links between ministries and agencies from both sides, including closer ties between their national security councils.
the two sides take part in joint exercises and they wish to step up the security cooperation.
the forthcoming visit of home minister rajnath singh comes in this context, said another official on condition of anonymity.
new delhi will be hosting senior government officials from mongolia at premier indian institutes to train them in public policy and governance, said the minutes of the committee.
for example, the foreign service institute, which trains indian diplomats, will host training programmes for mongolian diplomats as well.
the two sides also decided to step up the cooperation in the mineral exploration sector and to speed up the plans to set up an oil refinery in mongolia with an indian line of credit of $ 1 billion.
the two sides also agreed to explore the possibility of direct air connectivity and cooperation in the fields of telecommunication, education and health.
commodore (retd) c uday bhaskar, director of the society for policy studies, said that strengthening ties with mongolia was long overdue.
it makes for strategic prudence for delhi to invest in and be engaged with mongolia.
indias buddhist profile is very revered in that country.
when asked if the china factor was behind indias engagement, bhaskar said, even if this is not stated explicitly, political geography is an existential reality.
politico-diplomatic astuteness lies in maximising small opportunities and margins when they present themselves.
delhi has been diffident for decades.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday left for a seven-day tour of italy, france, luxembourg and belgium, which is aimed at deepening indias strategic engagement and trade ties with the four european countries.
in brussels, swaraj will meet the top leadership of the european union during which both sides are likely to deliberate on removing hurdles for resumption of negotiations on the long-pending eu-india free trade pact.
the visit from june 17-23 will provide an opportunity to hold in-depth discussions with the political leadership on a wide range of global, regional and bilateral issues and advance indias growing strategic engagement with the european union, the mea said.
in the first leg of her visit, swaraj will travel to italy for the first major political exchange between the two countries after giuseppe conte assumed charge as the italian prime minister.
swaraj will call on conte and also meet her counterpart enzo moavero milanesi.
the external affairs minister will then travel on june 18 to france where she will spend two days.
in paris, swaraj will meet her counterpart jean-yves le drian and the two sides will review bilateral relations.
india and france are celebrating the 20th anniversary of their strategic partnership.
swaraj will be in luxembourg from june 19-20 and it will be the first-ever visit there by an indian external affairs minister, the mea said.
during her stay, swaraj will be calling on grand duke of luxembourg henri albert gabriel flix marie guillaume and prime minister xavier bettel.
swaraj will also have meetings with jean asselborn, minister of foreign and european affairs and pierre gramegna, the minister of finance.
in luxembourg, she will also interact with the indian community, the mea said.
on the last leg of her tour, swraj will visit belgium from june 20-23.
in brussels, she will meet deputy pm and minister of foreign affairs of belgium didier reynders.
she will also meet president of the european commission jean-claude juncker and president of the european parliament antonio tajani.
the mea said swaraj will also meet her counterpart, federica mogherini, the high representative of the european union for foreign affairs and security policy, to review the entire gamut of india-eu relations.
she will also deliver a keynote speech at the high-level event climate, peace and security: time for action, lead the international yoga day celebrations at the european parliament and also interact with the indian community, the mea said.
a sikh man who was shot in the arm and told to go back to his country is recovering from his wound at home in suburban seattle and is encouraged by an outpouring of support, community leaders said monday.
hira singh said he has talked to the 39-year-old indian man and his family by telephone and they are getting back to normal.
he is shaken up and concerned about the safety of his family, but he felt really, really blessed that he has survived with very little suffering and that hes received an enormous amount of support, said jasmit singh, another community leader.
police in the city of kent are investigating the friday night shooting as a hate crime and the fbi has joined the investigation.
no arrests have been made so far, police cmdr.
jarod kasner said.
the shooting has rattled members of the sikh community, which numbers about 50,000 in washington state.
at the sikh temple in nearby renton, where the victim has worshipped for about a decade, leaders told their faithful to keep calm and pray, said harminder singh, president of gurudwara singh sabha of washington.
he said the victim, who is married and has three children, works in the construction industry and is a nice guy.
while the shooting shocked everyone, the positive responses from the fbi, police and others have been reassuring, he said.
that sent a positive message to the whole congregation, harminder singh said.
kent police have not identified the victim or released other information about him.
but indias foreign minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, named him on twitter, saying, i am sorry to know about the attack on deep rai, a us national of indian origin.
rai told police a man he didnt know came up to him friday night as he worked on his car in his driveway.
they argued, with the suspect telling rai to go back to his homeland, then shooting him in the arm, authorities said.
he described the shooter as 6 feet tall and white with a stocky build, police said.
he said the man was wearing a mask covering the lower half of his face.
all of the information that i have available at this time suggests that the information provided by the victim is credible, kent police chief ken thomas wrote in an email sunday.
the fbis seattle office said it is committed to investigating crimes that are potentially hate-motivated.
the shooting comes after an indian man was killed and another wounded in a recent shooting at a kansas bar that federal agencies are investigating as a hate crime after witnesses say the suspect yelled get out of my country.
this hateful incident echoes the disturbing pattern of anti-immigrant, anti-semitic, and anti-muslim attacks in our state, and across the country, washington governor jay inslee said a statement sunday night.
these acts of violence are hateful, detestable, and un-american.
many in the seattle-area sikh community fear that one of their own was targeted and said theyre scared to go to the store or other public places.
some said they have noticed an uptick in name-calling and other racist incidents in recent months.
still others expressed hurt and disbelief at the lack of understanding and ignorance.
jasmit singh urged other sikhs to be aware of their surroundings and be open about having those conversations with the broader community.
he also called on those who arent sikh to address such violence.
this is not a sikh-american issue, a muslim-american issue or a jewish-american issue.
its really an american issue, he said.
what do we want america to look like and what are the values that it should reflect?
police are looking for two men suspected of fatally shooting vikram jaryal, an indian who had arrived in the us recently and was working as a clerk at a convenience store in yakima city, washington state, on thursday.
according to police, jaryal told them his assailants had robbed him.
he died of the wounds in hospital.
the assailants were caught on the stores surveillance camera.
one of them was wearing a black sweatshirt with a green and white design and black pants.
the other one was wearing a black hoodie with white and gray on the back, and tan pants.
there was no report or suggestion the shooting was a hate crime.
preet singh, owner of the am/pm convenience store where jaryal was shot, told local news media outlets, we are very upset.
i dont really know what to say right now except that were very upset.
he added jaryals family lived on the east coast.
yakima herald, a local news outlet, said this was at least the seventh robbery at a yakima convenience store this year.
we are coordinating with the investigative agencies.
they have got the cctv footage and are in the process of apprehending the culprits.
the indian consulate in san francisco was in touch with the family.
the much-awaited india-us two-plus-two dialogue is expected to take place in the first week of july with the impact of countering americas adversaries through the sanctions act (caatsa) on new delhis national and energy security needs high on the agenda.
the 2017 us federal law has been used to impose sanctions on iran, north korea and russia this january.
while india has proposed the date of july 6 for the meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman and secretary of state mike pompeo and secretary of defence jim mattis in washington, the us is still to confirm the date.
the two-plus-two dialogue was to take place on april 18-19 but was postponed due to appointment of a new secretary of state by us president donald trump.
south block officials said on condition of anonymity that the dialogue has been shifted to the second half of the year because the us is going to be busy with north korea next month.
the meeting between us president trump and his north korean counterpart kim jong-un is due to take place on june 12 in singapore.
while the first meeting of the two-plus-two dialogue will set the bilateral diplomatic and military agenda, india is worried about the adverse impact of the sanctions on its energy security (it imports a lot of oil from iran) as well as military hardware purchases (russia is a significant partner).
india currently purchases nearly 29 million tons of crude from iran; almost 62  of its military hardware and ammunition comes from russia.
already, mattis has urged the senate armed service committee for a flexible waiver authority so that countries such as india are not punished when it comes to purchasing military equipment from russia.
india will also be needing a similar waiver when it comes to iran due to oil imports and development of the chabahar port for humanitarian aid to afghanistan as islamabad does not allow land corridor access to new delhi.
apart from the impact of caatsa, the two-plus-two dialogue will also focus on all aspects of the bilateral relationship and the growing chinese influence in indo-pacific region, including freedom of navigation in the south china sea.
the us and india are party of the so-called quad initiative which seeks to counter chinas influence in the region.
heres a list of top stories to bring you up to date.
1) kulbhushan jadhav death penalty: icj defers ruling after india, pakistan present casethe fate of kulbhushan jadhav, a former indian navy officer sentenced to death by a pakistani military court for alleged espionage, remained uncertain as the international court of justice on monday deferred its ruling on indias petition to stop his execution.
the united nations highest court in the hague heard arguments by both sides and its president ronny abraham said the 12-judge tribunal would deliver its decision on whether to grant an emergency stay of execution as soon as possible on a date that would be communicated to the two parties.
read the story here.
not fair.
#harishsalve has charged us rs. 1/- as his fee for this case, swaraj tweeted.
read the story here.
3) wannacry ransomware attack: your atm is safe for now, say expertsbank atms across india might escape the wannacry worm global attack that locks computers and demands a ransom, cyber security experts said on monday.
at least 80  of indian atms operate on windows xp and uses a firmware that limits the machines activities to bare basics such as dispensing cash on request and checking the account balance.
read the story here.
4) kashmir man tied to jeep: army denies reports of clean chit to officer, probe onthe army said on monday that the court of inquiry (coi) into allegations of a major tying a man to a jeep and using him as a human shield in kashmir was still on, rubbishing media reports that the army officer had been given a clean chit.
the court of inquiry (coi) concerned with the incident wherein a civilian was tied to an army jeep is still incomplete.
reports in some sections of the media suggesting that army major has being given a clean chit are speculative, said armys srinagar-based spokesperson col rajesh kalia.
read the story here.
5) bjp to ring in governments fourth year with modi fest from may 26the bjp will sell what sells the most  narendra modi.
a fest named after the prime minister is planned across the country to showcase his achievements of the past three years.
modi completes three years in power on may 26 and the fest will be launched on the same day.
it will continue till june 15.
modi fest will be organised in 120-odd cities, a bjp leader said.
the event will highlight how he changed india and brought it out from a state of despair.
read the story here.
6) pakistan daily leaks plans for china-pakistan economic corridordetails of plan for the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) that were kept secret even from pakistans provincial governments were leaked by the influential dawn newspaper on monday, causing many quarters to question the wisdom of the initiative.
according to the report, thousands of acres of agricultural land will be leased to chinese enterprises to set up demonstration projects in areas ranging from seed varieties to irrigation technology, and a system of monitoring and surveillance will be built in cities from peshawar to karachi, with 24-hour video recording of roads and busy marketplaces for law and order.
a national fibre-optic backbone will be built for pakistan, not only for internet traffic but also for terrestrial distribution of broadcast tv, which will cooperate with chinese media in the dissemination of chinese culture.
read the story here.
7) kashmir not relevant to china-pakistan corridor, beijing says as brf summit endsthe china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) is not aimed at third parties and doesnt affect beijings position on the kashmir issue, the chinas foreign ministry said on monday.
referring to indias decision to skip the two-day belt and road forum (brf), the ministry said: regarding the issue of kashmir which the indian side is concerned about, we have been stressing that the issue was left over from history between india and pakistan, and should be properly addressed by the two sides through consultation and negotiation.
the cpec is an initiative on economic cooperation.
it is not directed at any third parties, not relevant to disputes over territorial sovereignty and does not affect chinas position on the kashmir issue, it said.
read the story here.
8) india will ultimately prevail in kashmir, says amit shahthe bjp-led nda government is handling the kashmir issue diplomatically and india will ultimately prevail there, bjp president amit shah said on monday.
i believe that under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi and security agencies intervention, india will ultimately prevail in kashmir, he said at the samvaad conclave organised by india tv.
he said that the kashmir problem cannot be solved by merely abrogating the article 370 in the constitution that provides for special provisions to jammu and kashmir.
there are several issues and just abrogating the article 370 will not solve the problem.
bjp cannot do it all alone, we will discuss it at an opportune time with others, he said.
read the story here.
9) militant zakir musa calls for unity among kashmir separatists in new video clipa few days after breaking away from the hizbul mujahideen, radical militant leader zakir musa declared on monday that he has put his differences with other separatists on the backburner for the cause of kashmirs liberation.
a fresh audio clip released by musa alias zakir rashid bhat has called for unity among all ranks of kashmiri militants until indias hold over the land is negated.
however, that did not prevent him from reiterating his call for islamic rule, and stating that he will always prefer fighting beside militants who believe in sharia or sahadat (establishing islamic rule or attaining martyrdom).
read the story here.
10) as white house races to name new fbi director, demand mounts for comey tapesdonald trump set off a firestorm when he sought to prevent sacked fbi director james comey from leaking information by threatening him with tapes of their conversations.
the white house has since refused to confirm or deny the existence of said tapes.
lawmakers from both parties are demanding the release of the comey tapes.
if there are any tapes of this conversation, they need to be turned over, senior republican senator lindsey graham said.
read the story here.
several african nationals were assaulted in greater noida on monday after a candle light march in memory of a teenage students death over a suspected drug overdose got out of hand.
rumours started circulating that a nigerian girl had been abducted, adding further tension, but police denied any such incident had taken place.
noida police chief dharmendra singh said no abduction happened.
its a rumour to escalate tension in the area, he said.
the peaceful protest march suddenly turned violent and triggered a vicious racial attack as locals have accused africans living in the area of drugging class 12 student manish khari, who died of a cardiac arrest on saturday.
most of the victims of the mob attack were doing their evening shopping near pari chowk, oblivious to the undercurrent of anger against africans.
police arrested five people allegedly involved in the violence.
more are likely to be picked up.
i have asked for a report from government of uttar pradesh about the reported attack on african students in noida.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 27, 2017the protesters were shouting slogans against africans and demanding arrest of those behind the death of the boy, a resident of nsg society in greater noida, who reportedly went missing on friday evening and was found in a drug haze near the entrance of his colony the next morning.
he died in a private hospital later.
people accused nigerians living in the building of drugging the boy.
police picked up five nigerians and confiscated their passports, but released them because of lack of evidence.
a honda city car was damaged by the mob in front of the ansal plaza mall near pari chowk in greater noida.
(ht photo)many african students live in greater noida, where a clutch of international universities has come up of late.
the crowd was peaceful until it reached pari chowk, but went out of control at the sight of africans in the market.
the protesters roughed up many black people until police intervened and baton-charged to disperse them, an eyewitness said.
people were not happy with the police action after the boys death.
hundreds of protesters gathered at surajpur on monday morning and surrounded the offices of the district magistrate and senior superintendent of police, demanding action against the culprits.
the protestors also demanded eviction of africans living on rent in residential societies.
(ht photo)the population of africans is growing in greater noida, which is increasingly becoming a menace to locals, said sher singh bhati, a resident.
africans alleged that the incident was a racial attack.
the environment is such that locals may any time attack us.
we are scared of coming out of our homes, a nigerian said.
more than 150 policemen were deployed in areas where nigerian students live.
(from left) endurance amarawa, ibgiya malu chukwuma, precious amalsima were admitted in kailash hospital post-violence on monday evening in greater noida.
(virendra singh gosain/ht photo)greater noida circle officer abhinandan said: this behaviour of people giving a racial tone to an issue is not acceptable.
some anti-social elements joined the peaceful march and resorted to violence.
we have videotaped the events and will book each one of them.
mondays attack reflects a growing intolerance against africans in new delhi and its satellite cities.
at least six africans were wounded in three separate incidents in chattarpur area of south delhi in may last year, prompting external affairs minister swaraj to take up the issue with home minister rajnath singh.
the attacks on the african youth, mostly from nigeria, happened less than a week after a 23-year-old man from congo was stoned to death by three people in kishangarh village near vasant kunj.
egyptian eman ahmed, 36, the worlds heaviest woman, has left mumbai.
while mumbais saifee hospital, where she was being treated, claimed she lost 242kg, her sister shaimaa selim last monday called saifee hospital surgeon dr muffazal lakdawala and the hospital liars, alleging they put eman on massive medication to stop her brain activity.
what followed was a a drama of allegations and counter allegations, which is set to end now as she moves to abu dhabi for further treatment.
however, all seemed to have ended well, as eman gave a teary-eyed thank you to dr lakdawala on may 3.
here are the twists and turns in emans journey in mumbai:february 11: a 504-kg eman landed in mumbai.
after repeated attempts to avail medical aid from doctors in egypt and greece, emans sister shaimaa started an online campaign, which caught the attention of mumbais dr muffazal lakdawala.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who during her stay at aiims delhi, communicated with the officials of indian embassy in egypt, who had rejected emans visa application to come to india for treatment.
a still from the video where eman thanked india.
(ht)lying in a specially created box bed by artisans of egypt travelled in egyptair freighter aircraft airbus 300-600 to mumbai, eman was brought to the hospital in an open to sky truck, covered by all sides for security purposes.
february 16: eman thanked her doctors and the governments of india and egypt for their help, in a video message recorded from her bed at saifee hospital.
in the video, the 36-year-old expressed her gratitude, saying she could feel a difference between egypt and india and that she felt much better heremarch 7: after losing almost 100kg with a special diet, eman underwent a bariatric surgery -- sleeve gastrectomy.
the size of her stomach was reduced by around 75 , leaving a narrow gastric tube or sleeve.
doctors also removed a large portion of the 36-year-olds stomach fat and limited her food consumption ability.
march 18: the doctors claimed emans weight was down to 358kgapril 12: doctors said eman has lost 242kg, almost half her weight.
the weight loss, said doctors, had also dramatically improved her health  emans heart, kidneys and lungs are functioning better and her water retention levels were under control, they said.
april 22: the hospital released pictures and videos of smiling eman.
the images, shot on april 18, show 242-kg eman ahmed sitting in a wheelchair for a long period of time, something that was impossible for her three months ago, say doctors.
they said eman has now been shifted out of the room specially designed for her onto a normal hospital bed.
the pictures released by the hospital.
(ht)april 24: emans sister shaimaa salim called surgeon dr muffazal lakdawala and the hospital liars and claimed they had put eman on massive medication to stop her brain activity.
officials said this was a tactic by the family to delay emans discharge because no medical facility in egypt is willing to provide free medical services.
officials from saifee hospital said they have spent more than rs 2 crore on emans travel, treatment and surgery and separately collected more money through donations around the world.
april 25: emans doctors say they will no longer attend to her.
dr aparna govil bhasker, the chief bariatric surgeon, officially resigned from the team in protest against shaimaas allegations.
what has happened is very sad.
we are deeply hurt.
this is the worst form of assault a doctor can face.
an assault doesnt always have to be physical.
by resigning from the team, i am protesting against this form of assault, she said.
april 26: doctors shared a video in order to prove she is healthy after her sister alleged the hospitals claims about her weight loss is a lie and that her health was deteriorating.
doctors say her sister might shift her to abu dhabi for further treatment.
doctors from vps healthcare in abu dhabi, who were contacted by emans sister shaimaa selim, check her condition and discuss the case with her doctors from mumbais saifee hospital.
april 27: doctors at saifee hospital say eman ahmed, who came to mumbai on a chartered cargo plane, would be flown out to abu dhabi in a business class seat.
april 28: preparation to move eman to abu dhabi-based vps healthcare begin.
april 29: emans sister coached her to be hostile to us, say staff.
dr sameer al ghamdi,a member of emans medical team, and who understands arabic, said selim believed that her sister would have started walking after her surgery on march 9.
she is upset that once eman returns to egypt, nobody will help her.
selim has asked to talk or smile at the staff, he said.
may 3: doctors say eman ahmed will be flown out of mumbai on thursday.
vps healthcare say a team of nine specialists, including an intensivist, paramedics and nurses, will accompany eman on her six-hour long journey in an air ambulance to abu dhabi.
a special hydraulic stretcher imported from italy to transport eman.
she wont undergo any more weight loss surgery, say doctors.
she wasnt smiling at me for the past four-five days after this controversy with her sister started.
but on wednesday, as i was just about to leave her bedside, she held my hand with tears in her eyes.
we will miss her, she was like a younger sister to all of us, dr mufazzal lakdawala says.
may 4: eman ahmed leaves mumbai, but not before drama over vps healthcares refusal to sign documents made by saifee hospital.
issue gets resolved after state health ministers intervention.
dr deepak sawant says sister thanked the doctors at the hospital for their help.
bhopal: bjps massive victory particularly in assembly elections in uttar pradesh, the abode of three most controversial sites at ayodhya, mathura and kashi, suddenly gives rise to vhps activities with the saffron organisations clarion call to its cadre to be prepared to work as kar sevaks as they did in december 1992, for construction of the ram temple at ayodhya, and also build a movement for ending cow slaughter.
vishwa hindu parishad (vhp) held as many as 102 dharmasabhas all over the state between march 29 and april 11, to drum up support and test the mood of the people for their causes.
braving the scorching heat and all pervasive dust, hundreds thronged these meetings.
in one of the dharmsabhas held at bhopal, the participants were dressed for the occasion.
wearing saffron robes or orange sash, sporting bright red tilaks on their forehead, with maces in their hands and chanting jai jai shree ram, looked like an army ready for war.
we have come here for the ram temple.
my father and uncle had gone to ayodhya in 1992 for construction of the ram temple, and i will do the same, said sadanand tiwari from a village in sehore district.
he said their leaders have asked them to go back to their villages and build a positive mood among people for the temple.
a new generation has come up after 1992 and we will have to build up legions of ram bhakts who are willing to go to any length for construction of the temple, said a senior vhp leader, explaining why they needed to organise these dharmasabhas.
the vhp believes there is no better time than the present for the construction of the ram temple and end cow slaughter.
with a ram bhakt government in uttar pradesh headed by yogi adityanath, who is also head of gorakshnath temple at gorakhpur and a rashtra bhakta government at the centre, headed by narendra modi, and the supreme court also showing interest in settling the dispute, the time is indeed ripe, they feel.
to make the support base of movement broader, the vhp leaders are showing willingness to praise even indias first prime minister jawaharlal nehru for his role in construction of somnath temple, and rajiv gandhi for opening the locks of dispute ram janmabhoomi  babri masjid site.
some of the women who had come at the meeting in bhopal said they had voted for the congress in the past, but were committed to the construction of the ram temple.
at a dharmasabha in vidisha, the parliamentary constituency of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, vhp vice president hukumchand sawala said, the central government should bring a bill for the ram temple in the parliament like former prime minister pandit jawaharlal nehru did for the somnath temple.
in the presence of former president of india rajendra prasad, lord somnath was honoured with 121 canons.
we want the same sort of respect for lord ram.
in an attempt to co-opt the dalits in the movement, the leaders are asking hindus to shun caste discrimination.
all hindus are one.
caste discrimination should be stopped in our society, said sawala.
the vhp is not going to get into the issue of legality, morality or even historical evidence about the existence of ram temple at the disputed site.
to them it is a matter of faith.
there was of course the usual bashing of pakistan and some of the vhp leaders called let leader hafiz saeed, the modern days ravana.
hindus should think of terminating terrorists like saeed, the leaders urged.
the shivraj singh chouhan government also came in for some flak for allegedly allowing illegal slaughter and trade of cow in the state.
they compared chouhan unfavourably with up cm yogi adityanath and pointed out that the latter had stopped illegal trade of cow in the state by closing all illegal slaughter houses within 24 hours of coming to power.
instead of taking action on illegally run slaughter houses, the administration in mp takes action against activists, who dedicated their life for protecting the cows.
like gujarat, up and jharkhand government, mp government should come up with strict laws to take action against cow slaughter, some of the leaders said.
etailer amazon india has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and expressed regret for the sale of offending tricolour-themed doormats, mea spokesperson tweeted on thursday.
vikas swarup, the ministry spokesperson, said amit agarwal, vice-president and country manager of amazon india, said the company did not intend or mean to offend indian sentiments.
the letter said amazon remains steadfastly committed to india, and refered to its ceo jeff bezos announcement to invest $5 billion in india.
it said amazon values immensely its relationship with the indian government, the countrys entrepreneurs and innovators, indian customers and employees.
in response to eam @sushmaswaraj's tweet, @amazon writes to her, expresses regret at hurting indian sensibilities, pulls offending item pic.
twitter.com/tqrca10caz  vikas swarup (@meaindia) january 12, 2017listings for indian flag-themed doormats on amazons canadian site were removed after a series of protests by people from india and of indian-origin.
the doormats were described as personalised durable machine-washable indoor/outdoor items and featured a stylised version of the tricolour.
they were available on amazon.
cas marketplace from the vendor xlyl.
in a series of tweets on wednesday, swaraj had described the doormats as unacceptable after the matter was brought to her notice on twitter.
she warned that amazon officials would not be given indian visas and visas granted earlier would be rescinded if the e-tailer did not withdraw the product and apologise.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately, tweeted swaraj, one of the most active indian ministers on twitter with nearly 7 million followers.
in a humanitarian gesture, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured visa to a pakistani woman who is suffering from cancer for her treatment in india.
swaraj conveyed the decision of granting the medical visa to pakistani woman faiza tanveer on twitter.
thanks for your greetings on indias independence day.
we are giving you the visa for your treatment in india, she tweeted.
thanks for your greetings on india's independence day.
we are giving you the visa for your treatment in india.
https://t.
co/jtht2kayoz  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) august 13, 2017earlier, tanveer had requested swaraj to grant her a medical visa and said she should not be denied it as india is about to celebrate the auspicious occasion of its 70th independence day.
pakistan on sunday arrested sheikh nabi ahmed, a resident of mumbais jogeshwari (east), making him the fourth from the city to be held by the neighbouring country in recent times.
in march last year, 46-year-old kulbhushan jadhav was arrested in mashkel, balochistan.
jadhav, who was part of pakistans inter-services public relations, was accused of involvement in espionage and sabotage actives.
on april 10, a military court in pakistan sentenced him to death.
india contended that jadhav had been kidnapped from the iranian port of chabahar and that his secret trial was a farce.
the international court of justice stayed his execution.
his childhood friends in mumbai had started a campaign to rescue him.
they are currently meeting prominent politicians in the state and country to keep up the pressure on the government.
jadhav grew up in parel.
his family currently stays in powai.
his father and uncle were state police officers.
in 2012, mba student hamid nehal ansari, 30, was arrested for illegally entering pakistan from afghanistan to allegedly meet a girl he had befriended online.
hamid left home telling his parents that he would get a job in afghanistan.
they later found out that he planned to marry his online girlfriend.
hamid suffered injuries after he was attacked thrice by other inmates at peshawar central prison.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had directed the indian high commissioner in pakistan to seek consular access to him.
hamid had studied engineering from mh saboo siddik college of engineering in byculla and went on to pursue an mba from rizvi college in bandra.
his mother fauzia is a professor at a mumbai college.
she lives in seven bungalows, andheri, with her husband nihal.
the first mumbaiite to be arrested in pakistan was computer engineer bhavesh parmar, 32, who was held in 2005, while he was travelling via the samjhauta express.
his story, however, had a happy ending as he was freed in 2012 and reunited with his family.
india warned pakistan on tuesday of serious consequences for their ties if it executed a retired naval officer convicted of spying, and said it will do all it can to save the hindustan ka beta.
as anger grew in india over the pakistani military courts order, islamabads defence minister khawaja asif said kulbhushan jadhav had the right to appeal within 60 days.
asif, however, defended the verdict, and said due process of law had been followed.
pakistani prime minister nawaz sharif too took an aggressive stand, saying though his country was peace-loving, we cannot remain oblivious to defending our sovereignty and protecting our independence.
jadhav, 46, was convicted on monday for alleged spying, espionage and waging war against the state of pakistan.
he was arrested from balochistan in march, 2016.
india says the charges are concocted.
we have no choice but to regard the sentence, if carried out, as an act of premeditated murder.
our position on the matter is very clear.
there is no evidence of wrongdoing by kulbhushan jadhav, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj told rajya sabha.
i would caution the pakistan government to consider the consequences for our bilateral relationship if they proceed on this matter.
parliament is likely to adopt a resolution condemning pakistan on wednesday.
but although the treasury bench and opposition parties came together in a rare show of solidarity for jadhav, the congress took a dig at the government asking why it cant get access to yadav.
without an invitation, you can attend a marriage, but you cannot meet him or talk to him on the issue, congress lok sabha leader mallikarjun kharge said, referring to prime minister narendra modis visit to pakistan on the day of marriage of nawaz sharifs daughter.
she said foreign secretary s jaishankar has already conveyed indias position to the pakistan high commissioner.
the minister also said she was in touch with jadhavs parents.
we are extending our fullest support to them in this difficult situation.
a strong sense of solidarity expressed by the house will give them more courage at this time, she said.
kulbhushan jadhav is not just the son of his parents but he is the son of entire india.
and to save this hindustan ka beta, we will not only appeal in the supreme court or appoint a good lawyer, but will also talk to the president, if needed.
we will try to save him in whichever way possible.
in pakistan, defence minister asif refuted indias assertion that the sentence was premeditated murder.
he told the upper house of parliament that the law of the land was applied and the trial of the alleged spy went on for three months.
we have done absolutely nothing thats against the rules and regulations, but there is premeditated murder going on even today in kashmir, asif told the senators.
the pakistani media largely welcomed the death sentence against jadhav.
the phase 6 of lok sabha elections 2019 on may 12 is witnessing voting in 59 seats across seven states, among them being the national capital where fates of candidates on all seven seats will be sealed in the evms.voting is taking place in madhya pradesh, uttar pradesh, west bengal, delhi, bihar , haryana, and jharkhand.
among those in the ring in this phase of elections -- predominantly in northern states, barring west bengal -- are maneka gandhi, varun gandhi, rita bahuguna joshi, dilip ghosh, meenakshi lekhi (all bjp), digvijaya singh, jyotiraditya scindia, sheila dikshit, ajay maken, bhupinder singh hooda, kirti azad (all congress), akhilesh yadav (samajwadi party) and manas bhunia (trinamool).
election results will be out on may 23.
read: all eyes on delhi in 6th round of polling for lok sabha electionsfollow live updates here:11:05 am ist delhis oldest voter casts his vote delhis oldest voter, 111-year old bachan singh cast his vote at a polling booth in sant garh.
11:00 am ist delhi cm arvind kejriwal casts his vote delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal cast his vote at a polling booth in civil lines in the sicth phase of loknsabha elections 2019.
10:58 am ist sushmaswaraj swaraj casts vote external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today cast her vote at a polling booth in np senior secondary school in aurangzeb laneb in delhi.
10:56 am ist bharati ghoshs security men open fire to disperse those who came to attack her the security men of bharati ghosh, who are from the cisf, allegedly opened fire to disperse some people, who came to attack her when she went to a booth in dogachia area.
one person, bakhtiar khan, was injured when bharati ghoshs security guards opened fire.
he has been taken to a hospital, alleged sanjay pan, keshpur block president of keshpur.
bjp state president dilip ghosh alleged that the ruling party tried to harass bharati ghosh in many ways earlier.
her car was vandalised.
she was attacked.
they are afraid of ghosh, remarked dilip ghosh.
10:42 am ist car in bharti ghoshs convoy vandalized, bengal bjp blames tmc vehicles in bjp candidate from ghatal, bharti ghoshs convoy were vandalized.
the bjp has alleged the role of tmc workers behind the attack, reported news agency ani.
10:14 am ist love will conquer bjps hate: rahul gandhi after casting his vote love will conquer bjps hate said congress president rahul gandhi after casting his vote at a polling booth in np senior secondary school in delhis aurangzeb lane.
he said that unemployment, farmers distress, demonetisation, and corruption are the key issues that his government, if voted to power, will focus on.
10:05 am ist aaps east delhi candidate atishi casts her vote aap candidate from east delhi, atishi cast her vote at a polling booth in kamla nehru govt sarvodaya vidyalaya in jangpura.
she is up against bjps gautam gambhir and congresss arvinder singh lovely.
10:00 am ist delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari casts his vote delhi bjp chief and partys candidate from north-east delhi manoj tiwari cast his vote at polling booth number 60 in yamuna vihar.
he is up against congresss sheila dikshit and aaps dilip pandey.
9:56 am ist stones thrown at bjps bharati ghosh in bengal stones were thrown at bharati ghosh outside a polling station in dogachia of keshpur area of ghatal constituency.
one of her security guards was injured.
ghoshs car was also vandalised.
at another polling station, ghosh was spotted taking pictures inside the booth with her mobile phone.
according to the rules, one cannot take phones inside booths.
9:50 am ist bjp, trinamool workers found dead in bengal the bodies of a bjp leader and a trinamool congress worker were found on saturday night, triggering allegations of political murders in west bengal, a few hours before polling began in the sixth phase of lok sabha election on sunday.
ramen singh, 42, and sudhakar maity, 55, were found dead in gopiballavpur of jhargram and contai of east midnapore respectively.
while singh was a booth president of the bharatiya janata party, maity was a trinamool congress worker.
medinipur and jhargram are among the eight constituencies polling in the sixth phase of the seven-phase lok sabha elections on sunday.
9:40 am ist at 9 am, 10  voter turnout in phase 6 at 9 am, the overall voter turnout in phase 6 of lok sabha elections 2019 stood at 10.
08 .
9.
03  votes were polled in bihar, 8.
26  in haryana, 11.
28  in madhya pradesh, 8.
06  in uttar pradesh, 16.
62  in west bengal, 15.
36  in jharkhand, and 7.
24  in delhi, as per data on election commissions voter turnout app.
9:21 am ist haryana cm manohar lal khattar cast his vote in karnal haryana chief minister manohar lal khattar cast his vote at a polling booth in karnal.
9:12 am ist president ram nath kovind casts his vote in delhi president ram nath kovind cast his vote at a poll booth in delhi.
9:09 am ist jyotiraditya scindia among early ones to cast vote in mp polling for eight lok sabha seats in madhya pradesh commenced on sunday with congress general secretary jyotiraditya scindia being among the early voters.
scindia, who is seeking a re-election from guna seat, went early in the morning to exercise his democratic right at a booth in his constituency, after the polling began at 7 am.
state chief electoral officer (ceo) v l kantha rao and his wife were also among the early ones to cast their votes at the char imli booth in the state capital bhopal.
9:04 am ist aaps arvind kejriwal urges voters to vote for change good morning delhi.
arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) may 12, 20198:59 am ist sheila dikshit, gautam gambhir, harsh vardhan among early voters voters queued up outside polling booths on sunday morning in all seven lok sabha constituencies of the national capital where former delhi chief minister sheila dikshit, union minister harsh vardhan and cricketer-turned-politician gautam gambhir are among those in the fray.
voting began at 7 am and among the early voters were dikshit, partys new delhi candidate ajay maken, union minister vardhan, bjps east delhi candidate gambhir, and bjp national general secretary (organisation) ram lal.
mudit agarwal, son of congress chandni chowk candidate jp agarwal alleged malfunctioning of evms at a few booths in matiamahal and ballimaran assembly segments.
8:52 am ist former delhi cm sheila dikshit casts her vote former delhi chief minister and congresss candidate from north-east delhi sheila dikshit today cast her vote at a polling booth in nizamuddin (east).
8:43 am ist young voters come out to vote number of first time voters were seen at poll booths in delhi.
first time voter casting their vote at pandav nagar east.
( raj k raj/ht photo )8:40 am ist up minister sidharth nath singh casts his vote uttar pradesh minister sidharth nath singh after casting his vote at a polling booth in prayagraj.
8:34 am ist bjps bharati ghosh allegedly pushed by tmc supporters at bengal poll booth bjp candidate bharati ghosh alleged that she was pushed around by some women when she rushed to a polling station in chandkhali area of keshpur under west bengals ghatal constituency.
ghosh said her polling agent was not allowed to enter the booth.
the women said in front of tv channels that they were tmc supporters.
i am the candidate.
i am being pushed around and heckled.
those assaulting me and preventing my polling agent to enter the booth should be arrested, said ghosh, who was the superintendent of police in west midnapore district for six years (2011-2017) in which her constituency is located.
8:28 am ist east delhi congress candidate arvinder singh lovely casts vote east delhi congress candidate arvinder singh lovely cast his voters along with his family members at azad nagar in east delhi on sunday.
8:11 am ist manish sisodia casts his vote delhi deputy chief minister manish sisodia with wife seema after cast their vote at pandav nagar.
manish sisodia with wife seema ( raj k raj/ht photo )8:08 am ist 103-year-old woman casts vote in ups bhadohi 103-year-old durgavati devi cast her vote in purmudiyapur of uttar pradeshs bhadohi.
7:57 am ist gautam gambhir casts his vote bjp candidate from east delhi gautam gambhir cast his vote at a polling booth in delhis old rajinder nagar.
he is up against aaps atishi and congresss arvinder singh lovely.
7:54 am ist voters take pictures at selfie booth after casting their vote, voters were seen taking pictures at the selfie booth outside poll booths.
7:50 am ist long queues outside poll booths in first hour of voting, long queues were seen outside polling booths in uttar pradeshs prayagraj.
7:40 am ist pragya thakur casts vote bjps candidate from madhya pradeshs bhopal lok sabha seat pragya thakur today cast her vote.
digvijaya singh is the congress candidate from the constituency.
7:35 am ist virat kohli at gurugram poll booth to cast his vote indian cricket team captain virat kohli queued up at haryanas gurugram poll booth to cast his vote.
7:32 am ist early reports of vvpat malfunctioning in bengal polling began in eight constituencies the 6th phase with long queues outside polling stations in bengal from as early as 6 am, or in some cases, even earlier.
there were early reports of vvpat malfunctioning in one booth in jaypur area of purulia constituency.
7:20 am ist voters queue up in prayagraj voters queue up at jwala devi saraswati shishu mandir inter college model polling station that falls under phulpur constituency in uttar pradeshs prayagraj.
voters queue up at poll booth in prayagraj ( ht photo )7:15 am ist key contests in phase 6 among those in the ring in phase 6 of elections -- predominantly in northern states, barring west bengal -- are maneka gandhi, varun gandhi, rita bahuguna joshi, dilip ghosh, meenakshi lekhi (all bjp), digvijaya singh, jyotiraditya scindia, sheila dikshit, ajay maken, bhupinder singh hooda, kirti azad (all congress), akhilesh yadav (samajwadi party) and manas bhunia (trinamool).
7:07 am ist pm modi urges youngsters to turn up in record numbers yet another phase of the 2019 lok sabha elections is here!
urging all those whose constituencies are polling in todays sixth phase to go out and vote.
i hope youngsters are voting in record numbers.
after all, their participation makes the polls even more special, tweeted pm narendra modi.
7:00 am ist voting begins the phase 6 of lok sabha elections 2019 on may 12 is witnessing voting in 59 seats across seven states, among them being the national capital where fates of candidates on all seven seats will be sealed in the evms.6:40 am ist officials ensure poll preparedness polling preparation was underway at polling station number 20-21 of the sirsa parliamentary constituency.
voting will be held for 10 parliamentary constituencies in haryana today.
officials in madhya pradesh too were seen ensuring poll preparedness at polling station number 152/230 in bhopal parliamentary constituency.
congress digvijaya singh and bjps pragya singh thakur are contesting from this constituency.
poll staff in haryanas sirsa ( ani photo ) poll staff in madhya pradeshs bhopal ( ani photo )6:20 am ist re-polling at 168 booths of tripura west re-polling will be held today at 168 polling stations of tripura west constituency and one polling station each of puducherry, barrackpur, and arambag parliamentary constituencies.
a 26-year-old indian man has been shot dead allegedly by two masked armed robbers at a convenience store of a gas station in the us washington state, his family said on friday.
vikram jaryal, who was working as a clerk in the store at am-pm gas station in yakima city, was behind the counter when two people in masks came in and robbed the store yesterday.
police said the clerk handed the suspects money, but one of the suspects fired at him.
jaryal was taken to the hospital where he later died.
the victim was able to tell officers what happened when they arrived a few minutes later; but tragically, he died a short time later at the hospital, police was quoted as saying by the nbc right now channel.
jaryal hailed from hoshiarpur district in punjab and had shifted to the us about a month ago, his elder brother told pti.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj condoled the tragic death after she was informed about the incident by the victims brother through twitter seeking her help to bring back the body.
my heartfelt condolences on your brother's tragic death.
i am asking @indianembassyus to provide all help and assistance.
https://t.
co/e30chgyeje  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 7, 2017police are investigating the case and are now looking for two men caught on surveillance camera leaving the store.
somebody knows something.
somebody knows these people.
the still photos show a very recognisable top that one of the suspects is wearing, mike bastinelli, yakima police department said.
the shooter wore a black hoodie with patches of white on the back, mike said.
family members of raju das, who died in saudi arabia on february 20 under suspicious circumstances are waiting for his dead body and have no clue when their endless wait will end.
das, 38, a resident of kashmir village in rajasthans barmer district, left for the middle east kingdom more than six months back in search of a job there.
according to dass brother, kumbha ram, he got a job to graze cattle in riyadh.
on february 20, however, the family received the news of his death from a relative who too worked in the country.
since then they have been seeking help from the district administration and politicians, including sheo bjp legislator manvendra singh, to bring back his body.
from the district administration to local politicians, we have approached everybody and made all possible efforts to bring back rajus body but nothing worked in our favour so far, said kumbha ram.
we feel helpless as no one in the family has a passport, he said.
a month back, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had assured manvendra singh that the centre will expedite the matter.
but painful wait for the family is proving endless as even after 65 days, the deceased body could not be brought back to india.
the centre is in touch with the government of saudi arabia and the body will be brought to india after clearance of necessary formalities, said singh.
singh claimed that according to his information earlier riyadh police considered this case to be a case of suicide and as the investigation was going on due to which body could not brought back to india.
investigation by the riyadh police has been completed but due to lack of documents dass dead body has not yet been handed over to the indian authorities there, singh said, adding that efforts are on to complete the process as soon as possible.
das is survived by his 65-year-old mother, 70-year-old father, wife guddi devi and two children ramesh (5) and kavita (3).
canadas minister of national defence harjit singh sajjan, who arrived in new delhi on monday on a weeklong visit to the country ending april 23, will reach punjab on april 19.
sources in the canadian high commission said he will visit amritsar on april 19 and will pay obeisance at the golden temple on april 20.
he would be in chandigarh on april 21 where he would inaugurate the new office of the consulate-general of canada.
during his two-day stay in punjab, he will also meet civil society organisations, said sources.
before his punjab visit, sajjan is scheduled to meet union finance, defence and corporate affairs minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, besides other ministers and government officials.
on april 18 evening, he will address a press conference in new delhi.
canadian high commissioner to india nadir patel said: the ministers visit is an ideal opportunity to highlight strong links between canada and india and to boost our people-to-people ties.
there continues to be enormous potential for more cooperation in all areas of the bilateral relationship.
in delhi, he will deliver a speech at an event hosted by the observer research foundation.
in mumbai, sajjan will visit mumbai port and meet several business and industry leaders.
on his arrival, sajjan said his first trip to india since becoming canadas minister of national defence would strengthen canada and indias bilateral defence cooperation, and expand partnership in security and defence sectors.
an 18-year-old youth from patiala died in a road accident in australia two days ago and his family has sought the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to bring his body home for the last rites.
vishal mahant had died after being hit by a truck in australias melbourne city on friday.
the victims father jaspal das mahant said they received a phone call from a relative in melbourne informing him about his sons death.
he said vishal was on his way home when a truck rammed his vehicle, killing him on the spot.
mahants family friend pardeep singh said vishals family, through tweets, sought the swarajs help in bringing the body.
vishal had gone to australia two-and-half-year ago on a student visa, and was working at a relatives store.
meanwhile, former mos for external affairs preneet kaur visited the family of vishal in patiala and expressed her condolences to the bereaved family.
she also assured all help in bring the body.
an attacker stabbed a police officer and was shot by police on the grounds outside britains parliament, sending the compound into lockdown on wednesday.
around the same time, a vehicle mowed down pedestrians on nearby westminster bridge.
authorities said they were treating the attack as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise.
london police confirmed four deaths in the attack, including an assailant, a policeman protecting the parliament and one woman.
there was no immediate claim of responsibility.
london police said they were called to a firearms incident on westminster bridge near the british parliament.
we were called at approx 2:40 pm to reports of an incident at #westminster bridge.
being treated as a firearms incident - police on scene, the metropolitan police tweeted.
meanwhile, transport for london said the underground station at westminster has been shut at the request of the police.
the threat level for international terrorism in the uk was listed at severe.
wednesday was the anniversary of suicide bombings in the brussels airport and subway that killed 32 people.
londons police commander said a full counter terrorism investigation is underway.
please note thetelephone no.
s : 020 8629 5950 & 020 7632 3035.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 22, 201711:35pm: afp reports that tourists are stuck on the london eye following the attack11:33pm: us president donald trump calls uk prime minister theresa may: white house11:31pm: armed police patrols to be present throughout london11:30pm: head of counter terrorism at londons metropolitan police, mark rowley, says they believe there was only one attacker11:25pm: rowley confirms four deaths, including one assailant and one policeman.
also confirm 20 injured11:14pm: bbc reports one policeman is dead11:13pm: police search for one more person believed to have been part of the attack.
10:58pm: the london ambulance service said on wednesday it had treated at least 10 people on westminster bridge, near britains parliament building, after an attack police have described as a terrorist incident.
10:50pm: india condemns the westminster terrorist incident and condoles loss of life.
an mea statement on twitter said, no place in democracies & civilised societies for terrorism.
any indians injured during westminster incident today may reach public response unit of hci asap:info.
london@hcilondon.
in; 02086295950  india in the uk (@hci_london) march 22, 201710:45pm: three french citizens injured in london attack, according to french diplomatic source: reuters10:40pm: british port officials say they pulled a woman from the thames river following the incident on westminster bridge.
the port of london authority says a female member of the public was recovered from the river, injured but alive.
10:34pm: police say there are an unspecified number of casualties, including police officers10:23pm: british prime minister theresa may to chair emergency meeting: reuters quoting sky news10:18pm: london police commander says a full counter-terrorism investigation is underway10:01pm: mayor of london sadiq khan issues statement.
says an urgent investigation is underway.
my thoughts are with those affected and their families.
.
.
i would like to express my thanks to the police and emergency service who work hard to keep us safe.
9:50pm: metropolitan police say officers remain on scene in westminster.
ask people to call their contact their lines only for emergencies.
road closures in place around westminster palace.
9:47pm: scottish parliament to increase its security in light of london attack, says no intelligence to suggest specific threat to scotland: reuters.
9:46pm: one woman killed, some catastrophic injuries in uk parliament attack: reports.
9:36pm: scottish parliament suspends debate on second independence referendum following attack outside uk parliament.
9:28pm: us state department says it is closely following the concerning situation outside uk parliament.
9:21pm: bbc reports crowds being moved out of parliament square.
quotes policeman saying suspect vehicle outside uk parliament.
9:20pm: the white house says president donald trump has been briefed on a gun and knife incident at britains parliament in london.
trump himself said during a brief appearance wednesday before reporters at the white house that he was just getting the news.
he called it big news.
.
@potus has been briefed on the situation in the u.k. continuing to monitor and update  sean spicer (@presssec) march 22, 20179:19pm: british lawmaker grant shapps said on twitter that he was walking through the cloisters of the house of commons to vote when he heard four gunshots.
police told lawmakers to get down on the ground and crawl to cover.
police response instant.
heard commotion, looked round.
police weapons drawn, 4 shots, police ordered us to hit ground & get back, get back, he said.
9:13pm: according to a uk security source, motivation of incident outside british parliament still unclear-reuterslive: british police say they are treating incident near parliament as 'terrorist' incident until know otherwise.
https://t.
co/08azwmrtbk pic.
twitter.com/xgjjkfew76  reuters top news (@reuters) march 22, 20179:06pm: we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise, tweets metropolitan police.
incident in #westminster: we are treating this as a terrorist incident until we know otherwise  metropolitan police (@metpoliceuk) march 22, 20179:04pm: a european security official says there was increased chatter on jihadi networks tuesday following the uks adoption of an electronics ban aboard flights from certain mostly muslim countries, reports ap.
he said, however, there was no information that the incident was terror-related.
8:57pm: david lidington, leader of house of commons, says there are reports of further violent incidents neaby.
westminster is the area of central london on the north bank of the thames river that is home to some of londons most historic buildings, including the palace of westminster or the houses of parliament, buckingham palace, westminster abbey and westminster cathedral.
whitehall, a street connecting to parliament square, is home to key ministries, including the defence ministry and cabinet office.
8:52pm: more armed police enter uk parliament, some carrying shields - reuters witness.
8:49pm: an assailant who stabbed a policeman inside the perimeter of britains parliament was shot by police, david lidington, the leader of the house of commons, told parliament.
the alleged assailant was shot by armed police, an ambulance is currently attending the scene to remove the casualties, he said.
8:45pm: : uk prime minister theresa may is safe after attack in parliament, says spokesman: reuterswe were called at approx 2:40pm to reports of an incident at #westminster bridge.
being treated as a firearms incident - police on scene  metropolitan police (@metpoliceuk) march 22, 20178:43pm: the leader of britains house of commons says a man has been shot by police at parliament.
david liddington also said there were reports of further violent incidents in the vicinity.
: apmore: at least a dozen armed officers inside british parliament - reuters witness.
watch live: https://t.
co/ib5v8tkbz3 pic.
twitter.com/m5lk99hria  reuters top news (@reuters) march 22, 20178:39pm: reuters photographs show two people lying on westminster bridge, bleeding heavily.
8.
35pm: an air ambulance has landed at parliament square at the end of westminster bridge.
8.
34pm: a parliamentary clerk tells reuters two people have been shot, but there is no official confirmation from the police.
8.
30pm: we were called at approx 2:40 pm to reports of an incident at #westminster bridge.
being treated as a firearms incident - police on scene, the metropolitan police said on twitter.
on thursday, reports emerged that the 30-year-old engineer who went missing over three years ago was being held in a pakistani jail and facing trial in military courts.
ansari was in pakistan to meet a girl he had befriended on the internet.
he had befriended a kohat-based woman through social media and crossed into pakistan from afghanistan, where he gone in search of a job in november 2012, according to qazi muhammad anwar, counsel for ansaris mother fauzia.
he had been staying at a hotel in kohat when the police, assisted by intelligence bureau officials, arrested him on november 12, 2012.
the intelligence agencies arrested him from a hotel in kohat and since then his family and friends have been unaware of his whereabouts, anwar was quoted as saying in the pakistani newspaper express tribune.
he added that as per a police inquiry report, ansari was being held by the intelligence agencies.
after ansari went missing, his mother had filed a complaint at a police station in mumbai.
she had also contacted the afghan consulate in the city.
the petitioner subsequently sent an application to the human rights cell of the supreme court in islamabad, which forwarded the case to the commission of inquiry on enforced disappearances in march 2014, the paper said.
in april, the commission directed the khyber-pakhtunkhwa home and tribal affairs department to form a joint investigation team to trace ansari.
an fir was subsequently lodged at the city police station in karak district in connection with the case.
hamids mother fauzia ansari said that her son had gone to kabul looking for a job.
after a long struggle, we came to know that he is safe there under the watch of the government.
we are at least satisfied that he is fine.
he is very talented but he never got desired job.
he didnt have job satisfaction, she told ani.
he came to know about the job opening of manager at kabul airport.
he went to kabul.
we were in continuous touch but after 10 days there was no contact, she added.
she said that they had approached the afghanistan embassy to inquire about her son.
they later discovered that hamid was trying to help a tribal girl who was being ill-treated in pakistan.
he was trying to help her and then he contacted other friends of nearby areas.
they said that the girl is from tribal area, and no one can intervene in this, she said.
maybe it wasnt a right step though his intentions were good.
we were so anxious whether he is dead or alive but we came to know yesterday that he is there, she added.
she also thanked the government of india for their efforts to help her son.
(the) indian government has been very supportive, they showed us many letters which they sent to the pakistan high commission, she said.
according to reports, a divisional bench of the peshawar high court disposed off the case of hamid after the government confirmed that he was currently in army custody and facing trial in military courts.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj directed the envoy to saudi arabia to rescue 29 indian workers belonging to telangana, after it and nri affairs minister kt rama rao sought her intervention in the case.
javed - plz help the indian workers and send a report to me and mr. k t rama rao, swaraj tweeted.
javed - plz help the indian workers and send a report to me and mr. k t rama rao.
https://t.
co/wl5pjdjef7  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 21, 2017rao wrote a letter to swaraj seeking her help for rescuing 29 migrant workers from telangana held in captivity by a company in saudi arabia.
in the letter, rao said that the workers, employed by al-hajry, were held in captivity at al-hassa in saudi arabia for the last 12 days without any food or basic amenities.
however, in the meantime the said company has taken all the 29 employees into their custody and is holding them captive in a room at allsafaniya kouqt, bodar, city kanji, saudi arabia, denying them food / water or medicines and other basic amenities for the last 12 days, rao said.
he said that when the workers requested for leave to visit home town, the company not only demanded $50,000 but refused to provide the expenses for travel.
the workers also approached labour court and subsequently amir court for justice.
the amir court issued directions to the employer company to bear all expenses and send the said 29 employees to their native places within three days.
rao said he was contacted by boragalla shekhar, a resident of kamareddy district in telangana who informed him about the plight he and 28 others were suffering.
he also gave swaraj with the telephone numbers of shekhar and requested the external affairs minister to take up the matter with the saudi arabia government.
indian information technology (it) companies operating in the us are generating jobs and not stealing jobs of the americans, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on thursday.
we have told them that it is not true that indians are stealing their jobs.
on the contrary, indian companies in us are generating employment for the americans.
so far, indian companies have given direct employment to 1.
56 lakh americans and supportive jobs to 4.
11 lakh americans, she said.
she added that between 2011 and 2015, the indian companies have made an investment of $2 billion, paid taxes worth $20 billion and indian workers have contributed $7 billion in social security schemes (in the us).
swaraj assured indians that the government was in talks with the us administration to ensure that indians living there are not at loss due to the new h-1b policy.
we are in talks with the us administration and congressmen.
no one has lost jobs till now.
no policy has been announced till now, she said.
currently, there are four bills in the us congress about curbs on h-1b visas.
we are engaged (in a dialogue) with the us at very high level regarding this.
.
.
we are making all efforts (through diplomatic channels) to ensure these bills are not passed, she said.
so there is no reason to worry about it as of now, she added.
she also said the visa facility extended to spouses of indian professionals has not been withdrawn by the us so far.
amazon.com faced a social media backlash in india on thursday after toilet seat covers and other items with images of hindu gods were spotted on the u.s. retailers website, making #boycottamazon the countrys top trending topic on twitter.
thousands of twitter users backed the call for the boycott, with some tagging indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and urging her to take action against the worlds biggest online retailer.
amazon did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
the episode is reminiscent of an incident in 2017 when new delhi took the seattle, washington-based company to task after its canadian website was spotted selling doormats resembling indias flag.
swaraj at the time threatened to rescind visas of amazon employees if the doormats were not removed from its site.
reuters found several listings of toilet seat covers, yoga mats, sneakers, rugs and other items depicting hindu gods, or sacred hindu symbols, on amazons u.s. website.
some of the items were no longer available for purchase, suggesting that amazon may have been withdrawing some of the items, as it did in 2017.
until you hit these hinduphobics business hard they will keep on insulting your gods, your beliefs & your entire civilization, tweeted sumit kandel, whose profile describes him as a film trade analyst.
the bodies of an engineer and his young son have not yet been sent to india because canadian authorities are waiting for permission from the wife of the deceased man and not because of any financial consideration, indian diplomats in canada have clarified.
ram niwas mishra and his younger son drowned in an apartment block swimming pool in winnipeg late last week.
responding to a newspaper report which claimed that lack of money had prevented the remains from being flown to india, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj expressed her displeasure with a tweet to indias high commissioner to canada vikas swarup.
vikas, i am not happy to read this.
the mortal remains of indian nationals should not wait for want of money.
please send them to india without delay, swaraj had tweeted on friday.
indian officials clarified that money was not a consideration in the matter, as the indian consulate in toronto, which has jurisdiction over manitoba, the province where the city of winnipeg is, responded that they had assured full financial support for repatriation of mortal remains, but its decision will be taken by wife once she is out of psychiatric ward.
they said that the matter was a top priority for the consulate and its community welfare officer was proceeding to winnipeg to directly liaise with the hospital authorities and try and expedite the formalities.
the mishra family hails from kannauj in uttar pradesh.
the wife of the deceased indian engineer is admitted in a psychiatric ward in a hospital in the city after being traumatised by the death of her husband and son.
according to canadian regulations, the bodies can only be released from the mortuary after permission to do so was granted by the next of kin, in this instance the wife, who is currently not in a condition to make such a decision.
officials said they were waiting for her to recover sufficiently to provide the permission and thereafter prompt arrangements will be made to fly the bodies back to india.
a month after six indian workers in afghanistan were kidnapped, their families are still waiting for news of their whereabouts.
government officials said they are working with afghan government officials to find and release the indian nationals who were kidnapped in baghlan province of the country.
it is like clinging to hope and struggling to ensure that the hope stays alive every day.
it is very difficult for us, said doman singh on wednesday from laua lagan village in chausa block in madhepur district of bihar.
his brother mantu singh is one of the kidnapped workers.
the indian nationals are all employees of kec international limited, an infrastructure company that recently won rs 226-crore contract in the war-torn country as a sub-contractor for the state-owned da afghanistan breshna sherkat (dabs), which operates power generating stations.
mantu singh has been working with the company since 2014.
we are poor people.
my brother has a wife and two children ( a son, aged 15 and a daughter 13).
this job was everything for them.
the entire village is in shock about the incident, doman singh said over phone.
the issue has also assumed political dimensions with leaders of the opposition congress party urging the government to do more.
we request the central government to redouble the efforts to secure his release.
we also urge the state government to help the family and this employer to be more humane in the approach, said keshav kumar singh, secretary of the bihar pradesh congress committee.
the human resources manager of the company who signed mantu singhs contract letter declined comment .
indian officials said the matter has been taken up with afghanistan government and no efforts are being spared to secure the release of the indians.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her counterpart salahuddin rabbani and indian ambassador in kabul vinay kumar is regularly following it up with the authorities.
the minister is also regularly in touch with company officials, said an indian official who asked not to be identified.
confidentiality is needed for such negotiations to bear fruit, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said in a press conference last month.
nepal on tuesday said that a statement made by indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on janakpur was unfortunate.
she said no pm before modi had tried to reach out to the indian diaspora on such a large scale.
however, she later apologised after it was pointed out that modi addressed nepali people in janakpur and not indians.
reacting to swarajs statement, nepals foreign ministry said, attention of the government of nepal was drawn to the statement.
.
.
the reference made about public participation at the civic felicitation programme held in honour of the prime minister of india in janakpur on 11 may 2018 was unfortunate.
it has come to the notice of the government of nepal that she has publicly admitted her mistake and apologised for the same.
the government of nepal sincerely thanks all those who raised concerns over the issue, it said.
narendra modi is the first prime minister of the country who has from americas madison square to janakpur (in nepal) addressed lakhs of indians and reached out to them.
she was then criticised by nepali leaders for her remark.
regrettable that indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj described janakpurs population that narendra modi greeted as indians.
one wonders what the confusion was, or if this was a casual undermining of nepals sovereignty, nepali congress leader gagan thapa tweeted.
hours later, she rolled back her statement and apologised to people on twitter, saying: this was a mistake on my part.
union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday accepted punjab chief minister captain amarinder singhs request for opening another passport office in nawanshahr to facilitate nris and their families in doaba, while assuring to look into the issue of blacklisted sikh youth settled abroad.
the issues came up for discussion when amarinder called on swaraj here.
she promised all possible efforts by the centre to ensure the safety and security of punjabis and sikhs abroad.
the nawanshahr passport office will be in addition to the recently sanctioned passport office in patiala, which is to be inaugurated soon.
amarinder expressed concern over the delay in removing the names of sikh youth in the governments blacklist for their alleged involvement in subversive or anti-india activities.
the chief minister urged the union minister to take up the matter of racist attacks on punjabis abroad at the international level.
amarinder also raised the issue of setting up punjab-israel working groups to boost cooperation in security, agriculture and trade.
the proposal to set up such groups was made by israeli ambassador daniel carmon at his meeting with the chief minister earlier in the day.
after amazon withdrew a tri-coloured doormat offensive to indian sensitivities from its canadian platform in the face of warnings by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the e-commerce major has now also pulled out flip-flops bearing the picture of mahatma gandhi, a senior official said on thursday.
we have been in touch with amazon both in washington as well as in delhi and we have had constructive conversations, external affairs ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said in his media briefing here.
i am happy to report that the offending item has since been pulled by amazon and we hope that our engagement will continue to be fruitful, he added.
earlier this month, amazon canada kicked off a row by putting up doormats featuring the indian flag, which was made available by two of its vendors -- mayers flag doormats and xlyl.
read i not just amazon doormat: websites sell indian flag, emblem as shoe, dog coatsushma swaraj took up the cause on twitter, responding to one of the hundreds of people who petitioned her to demand action from canadian authorities.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
we will also rescind the visas issued earlier, she added.
amazon then wrote to sushmaswaraj swaraj expressing regrets at hurting indian sensibilities.
a third-party seller, not amazon, had listed these products for sale in canada.
these products were not available in india.
after learning of the products listing, we immediately removed them from the canadian website and implemented measures to ensure that these products could not be sold on any of our other marketplace or websites, the letter said.
read i amazons national flag doormat is not worth sushmaswaraj swarajs twitter irethe letter said amazon remains steadfastly committed to india, and refered to its ceo jeff bezos announcement to invest $5 billion in india.
it said amazon values immensely its relationship with the indian government, the countrys entrepreneurs and innovators, indian customers and employees.
amazon is committed to respecting indian laws and customs.
to the extend that these items offered by a third-party seller in canada offended indian sensibilities, amazon regrets the same, it said.
at no time did we intend or mean to offend indian sentiments, it said.
swarup on thursday said that the indian ambassador in washington has been instructed to convey to amazon that while providing a platform for third-party vendors, it should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments.
addressing women bjp workers here, she said indian military was given a free hand in the operation but was clearly told that no pakistani civilian should be killed and also there be not even a scratch on the pakistani army.
our armed forces were told to target only jaish-e- mohammed which was behind the pulwama terror attack and they did just that - destroyed their camp and returned, the senior bjp leader said.
watch: spared pak civilians,soldiers; only target was terror: sushmaswaraj on op balakotthe iaf had struck a jaish-e-mohammad terror training camp in pakistan on february 26, in response to the february 14 pulwama attack in which 40 crpf personnel were killed.
when we carried out the air strike, we had told the international community that we took the step only in self- defence, she said.
she said the entire international community supported india over the air strike.
pakistan had objected to the invitation extended to india for a meet of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) in abu dhabi last month, but the host county uae snubbed islamabad, she said.
gulf crisis: seven countries cut off ties with qatar over terrorism links, 7 lakh indians could be hitseven countries, led by saudi arabia and bahrain, on monday severed ties with qatar, accusing it of backing terrorism and opening up a rift among some of the most powerful arab states that could have repercussions for the indian economy and expatriates.
bahrain was the first to snap ties, followed by saudi arabia, the united arab emirates, egypt, yemen, libya and the maldives.
as saudi arabia closed its borders and snapped land, air and sea links, residents rushed to supermarkets to stock up on food.
qatar is home to an estimated 700,000 indians  whose remittances in 2015 were worth $3.
98 billion.
sources said there was no panic in the expatriate community.
read the story here.
iran offers to export food to qatar by sea as residents rush to stock suppliesan iranian official said his country can export food to qatar by sea, as saudi arabia and other arab nations moved to isolate the gas-rich nation after severing diplomatic ties and accusing it of supporting terrorism.
the semi-official fars news agency quoted reza nourani, chairman of the union of exporters of agricultural products, as saying on monday that food shipments sent from iran can reach qatar in 12 hours.
qatar shares its only land border with saudi arabia, and relies heavily on food imports, much of it from gulf countries.
read the story here.
cbi raids ndtvs prannoy roy, wife over bank fraud, channel cries witch-huntthe central bureau of investigation (cbi) searched on monday the offices and homes of ndtv founder prannoy roy over allegations of defrauding a bank, a move the news broadcaster denounced as a witch-hunt to muzzle free speech.
a case was registered by the banking fraud division of the cbi against ndtvs prannoy roy and his wife radhika.
the ed and income tax department have been investigating the news channel since 2014.
read the story here.
china defends flights by choppers in chamoli area, welcomes modis remarkschina on monday defended its military helicopters hovering over chamoli district of uttarkhand, saying it has a territorial dispute in the eastern section of the frontier with india even as welcomed prime minister narendra modis remarks that not a single bullet has been fired in four decades despite the border row.
responding to reports that the chinese helicopters had violated indian airspace, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying said: in principle china and india have territorial disputes in the eastern section of the china-india border.
read the story here.
addressing a press conference on key initiatives of her ministry in three years of the modi government, swaraj also described the proposed changes in h1b visas as a matter of concern.
swaraj covered a range of subjects, including china, pakistan and the situation in qatar during the conference.
read the report here.
whatsapp chats land three law students of sonepat univ in prison for rapedetailed and explicit whatsapp conversations between a rape victim and three law students of a private university in haryana proved crucial evidence for their conviction by a trial court, show documents made available on monday.
it was a rare instance of electronic data used as evidence to nail the accused in india, which has seen a sharp rise in video clips of sexual assaults circulated through social media and messaging apps.
read the story here.
isro launches indias heaviest rocket gslv mk iii, hopes it can carry humans into spaceindia successfully launched its heaviest-ever rocket gslv-mk iii on monday which it hopes will eventually be able to carry astronauts into space, a feat that only russia, the united states and china have achieved, space agency isro said.
the indian space research organization said the 43-metre (140-foot) geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle mk iii rocket lifted off at 5:28 pm from sriharikota, an island off the coast of andhra pradesh, and placed a communication satellite into orbit.
scientists hugged each other and cheered as the 640-tonne rocket lifted off.
read the story here.
another bjp leader resigns in meghalaya, says beef-eating part of states culturethe north garo hills district bjp president bachu marak resigned on monday from the party.
bachus resignation comes four days after west garo hills district president bernard mark made an exit from the party on the issue of beef ban.
i cannot compromise on the sentiments of the garos.
as a garo, it is my responsibility to protect the interest of my community.
beef-eating is part of our culture and tradition.
imposition of bjps non-secular ideology on us is not acceptable, bachu said after resigning from the party.
read the story here.
dont fall into bjps diversionary tactics, rahul gandhi tells minority leaderscongress vice-president rahul gandhi asked leaders belonging to minority communities on monday to keep the focus on the partys development agenda and not fall into the trap of the bjp-led governments diversionary tactics that it uses to distract public attention from its failures.
interacting with 130 leaders of minority communities from across the country, gandhi told them to take the congress ideology to every household in the country.
the congress vice-president also discussed with them ways to strengthen the organisation and how to expand the partys outreach at all levels.
read the story here.
pakistan-born khuram butt, moroccan-libyan rachid redouane identified as london attackersscotland yards counter-terrorism command on monday evening released the names and photographs of two of the three men shot dead by police following the terrorist attack on london bridge and borough market.
it named the two as khuram shazad butt, a 27-year-old born in pakistan, and 30-year-old rachid redouane of moroccan and libyan descent.
both of them are from barking, east london.
inquiries are ongoing to confirm the identity of the third attacker, the police said.
all three were shot dead by armed officers within eight minutes of the first call on saturday night.
read the story here.
the government moved into damage control mode on tuesday, briefing the nigerian envoy on steps taken for the security of the nationals of his country in greater noida, where four men were attacked by a protesting mob a day earlier.
five people were arrested late on monday after some locals assaulted a group of africans out for evening shopping in greater noida in neighbouring uttar pradesh.
the locals were angry over a teenaged boys death because of suspected drugs overdose, blaming the nigerians living in his building for supplying him the contraband.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath after an african student tweeted for help.
he (adityanath) has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident, she said in series of tweets on tuesday.
i have spoken to yogi adityanath ji chief minister of uttar pradesh about attack on african students in greater noida.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017the government is keen to avoid an escalation of situation as has happened in the past.
mondays violence against africans is the latest in string of such incidents in new delhi and its satellite cities.
at least six africans, most of them nigerians, were wounded in three separate incidents in south delhis chattarpur in may, a week after a 23-year-old congolese man was stoned to death in a village near vasant kunj.
minister of state for external affairs mj akbar on tuesday spoke to the acting high commissioner of nigeria and apprised him of the steps being taken for the security of nigerian nationals.
yesterdays incident in greater noida, in which several people of african origin were injured, is deplorable, ministry of external affairs spokesperson gopal baglay said on tuesday.
the government is committed to ensuring safety and security of all foreigners in india.
people from africa, including students and youth, remain our valued partners.
the locals held the protest after police let go off five nigerians detained for questioning in the death of class 12 student manish khari, who died of a cardiac arrest on saturday.
the protesters, who were shouting slogans against africans, turned violent and beat up the africans they saw on the road, greater noida superintendent of police sujata singh said.
they also went to ansal mall and caused havoc and beat up africans there.
police then rescued them and moved them to a safe place, she said.
many african students live in greater noida, where some private universities have set up campuses.
multiple reports of racially motivated attacks on people of african descent have surfaced in satellite town of greater noida, about 40 kilometres from the heart of new delhi.
the attacks were precipitated by the death of a class 12 student following a cardiac arrest, caused allegedly due to drug overdose, and has students of african nationalities on high alert.
the nigerians have been accused of drugging the student.
the association of african students in india have asked african students to remain indoors and refrain from venturing out, until the violence dies down and order is restored.
ht traces the unfurling of the attacks in the region.
friday, march 24: 17-year-old boy, manish khari, a resident of nsg society in greater noida goes missing, only to be found in front of societys entrance gate next day morning in inebriated condition.
saturday, 25 march: a class 12 student of jp international school in greater noida, khari was later admitted to a private hospital, where he died due to cardiac arrest at 4 pm.
greater noida police booked five nigerian students of noida international university under the charges of kidnapping, culpable homicide and murder.
sunday, 26 march: police arrest five nigerians in connection to the case, but later let them go, because of lack of proof.
sunday 26 march: locals attack two nigerians living in the area at night, alleging that they plied the young boy with drugs.
monday, 27 march: a protest march by residents turns violent as several people assault africans in the area.
monday, 27 march/ tuesday, march 28 (midnight): the association of african students in india post videos on facebook, that show a man of african descent being mauled and attacked by a mob in greater noidas ansal plaza.
post violence, police arrested five persons for the attack.
police have arrested 5 persons.
fir registered, action will be taken accordingly: daljeet chaudhary (adg, law&order) on attack on nigerians pic.
twitter.com/rs00krq2rm  ani up (@aninewsup) march 28, 2017monday, 27 march/ tuesday, march 28 (midnight): the association of african students in india ask all african students residing in greater noida-uttar pradesh to remain indoor at their home (sic) and to not attend lectures on tuesday in a facebook post.
they ask the students to be vigilant, as the number of attacks were increasing, and they were receiving calls from all angles seeking for police assistance.
tuesday, 28 march: sushmaswaraj swaraj, union foreign affairs minister, tweets that she spoke to yogi adityanath, the newly elected up cm, about the racial attacks.
he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident, she tweets.
i have spoken to yogi adityanath ji chief minister of uttar pradesh about attack on african students in greater noida.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017tuesday, 28 march: the association of african students in india reiterate their directive to african students to remain indoors.
all african students studying in greater noida are here by instructed to stay home until proper security is provided to secure our lives.
also you are advised not to attend any lecture until we are granted maximum security, reads their facebook post.
sometimes a controversy reveals more than it intends to.
last week in britain, a bbc comedy show played a segment called the real housewives of isis  a parody of an american reality tv series where rich housewives talk about their lifestyles and complain about each other.
except, this segment featured imaginary islamic state (or isis) housewives.
one wife says she cant keep track of her husbands because they keep blowing themselves up.
in another sketch two isis housewives get annoyed when they end up wearing the same style suicide vests.
i admit i found it funny.
the opinions of british muslims on social media were more mixed: many found it amusing but others thought it demeaned vulnerable women who were recruited by the terrorist group.
read | amazon told to respect indian sensitivities: meawhat the isis housewives controversy illustrates, once again, is how intolerant we have become to being offended.
today, it is enough that someone is insulted, over their religion or country, in order to demand a ban.
sometimes worse, they demand the head of the offender too.
the media loves such controversies so they hype them up.
people love reading about them and they excite tv presenters.
everyone wins.
except, it is a hollow victory because our society loses out.
a few weeks ago, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj publicly berated amazon for selling a doormat with the indian flag on it.
an article in this paper asked why we get so hot and bothered about perceived insults to our national symbol.
i would go even further.
a mature democracy isnt just one where insults to national symbols are ignored, but one that protects them under the law.
it is one where the freedom to insult religion is as fiercely guarded as the freedom to practice it.
yes, thats right.
the right to offend should be defended as much as the right to freedom because you cannot have one without the other.
read | after indian flag doormat, amazon withdraws offensive flip-flopsits disappointing that more liberals and secularists, in india and outside, dont make this argument.
if a state does not protect peoples right to cause offence, then any meaningful debate or even criticism (sometimes as satire) dies.
it is not enough to say in response that some take it too far or that debate can be had without causing offence.
who can really define what is offensive or not?
i may find someones tattoo of the indian flag a powerful statement, someone else may think its a desecration.
why should those who are offended get to decide what others can watch, read or see?
look at pakistan where over the last two weeks five activists have gone missing.
their friends suspect they have been abducted for their liberal views.
on facebook and elsewhere these five brave men criticised pakistans religious extremists and ridiculed the state.
if a country like pakistan wants to rid itself of religious extremism, it has to empower liberal voices to challenge them.
this is why the more fundamental mullahs are so afraid of them  they recognise the threat better than anyone.
snuffing out pakistans remaining liberal and secular voices would turn it into taliban territory forever.
read | us government releases final batch of osama bin laden documentsindians may point a finger at pakistan but people in glass houses shouldnt throw stones.
hindu groups in india too have started copying the same tactics.
firs against people who have allegedly insulted hinduism or the country are now common.
and if it isnt the hindus then christians, sikhs or muslim groups are at it.
people have the right to be offended.
they should even have the right to protest.
but they should not have the right to ban or imprison those who offend them.
the lessons for pakistan and india arent that different: without offensive liberal and secular voices india would rapidly degenerate into a hindu autocracy.
the victims of this would be the vast majority of indians who want to live in a free, secular democracy the independence movement envisaged.
the same applies to symbols like the national flag.
the united states constitution protects the right of citizens to publicly burn the flag because it can be an expression of anger against the government.
this was common in the 1960s when americans opposed the vietnam war.
why shouldnt indians have the right to protest against their government in the same way?
of course they can also protest in other ways, but that is besides the point.
it is a political symbol.
it embodies the indian state.
and the state is not a sacred institution  it can make mistakes.
read | pakistan may face isolation if minorities bill repealed: lawmakerindians who think their government is acting wrongly shouldnt just have the right to protest against the government, they have a duty to do so.
their duty to the truth is more important than their duty to the government.
satyamev jayate.
the right to disrespect the flag, therefore, is more important than preserving it as a sacred symbol.
allowing people to debate, argue and criticise is the only way to renew and refresh our identities.
that is in fact the great beauty of hinduism: its inbuilt culture of debate, disagreement and renewal.
this is also indias greatest strength.
and this is why swaraj has it so wrong.
it may sound unimportant and trivial, but the right to offend and insult goes to the heart of protecting our freedoms and our democracy.
it doesnt just liberate us, a readiness to tolerate offence makes us stronger.
khushpreet singh from jalandhar awaits the body of his father jaswinder singh who died in saudi arabia on february 21.
jaswinder was laid off from his job at a construction company two years ago and was struggling to get dues and passport back from his employer to go home.
ponnam satyanarayana, who too has lost his job, died last week, bringing to the fore the struggle of hundreds of workers who lost their jobs in the kingdom, home to largest indian passport holders outside india.
my father was without insurance as he was out of job and fighting to get his dues after working 23 years in the company.
with his passport in the custody of his employer, he didnt have any means to come back, khushpreet singh said.
he charges that his efforts to get in touch with authorities didnt bear any fruit.
had my father got medical care for his dialysis he would have been alive.
he was only 56, said singh.
the iqama (residence permit) of both the dead workers had expired two years ago and as a result they were deprived of medical insurance facility.
ht spoke to some of these workers who are facing similar issuesof not getting their dues and passports.
an employee of the same company who hails from punjab but doesnt want to be named said for us, it is the saving of a lifetime.
how can we go back home without our dues?
almost all of us have our passports with our employers.
what can we do.
?
so far close to 5000 indians have come back after retrenchments in gulf.
as per saudi rules, a no objection certificate is necessary for the retrenched worker to go home.
it is a difficult situation for the government, too.
in august external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said the indian workers, who have lost their jobs in saudi arabia, should to file their claims for unpaid dues with their employers and come back home soon and said the government will bear the cost of their return.
indian workers in saudi arabia  please file your claims and return home.
we will bring you back free of charge.
thousands of indian workers have lost their jobs due to slowdown in saudi economy, caused by both low oil prices and cut in spending by the government.
the indian government had requested the saudi authorities to give the unemployed indian workers exit visas without noc (no-objection certificate) from employers.
i have received the report from harsh shringla, indian high commissioner in bangladesh.
the university has admitted more students than permissible.
he is in touch with the university and bangladesh medical and dental council (bmdc).
to find a satisfactory solution.
indian students should remain in touch with our mission in dhaka, she said in a series of tweets.
the minister was responding to a report which said that for the past three days, around 400 indian students at a university in chittagong have been staging protests as they face an uncertain future since they have not been registered by the bmdc.
prime minister narendra modi has inched closer to getting a person of his choice as the countrys next president.
a three-fourth majority in uttar pradesh fills much of the deficit that the bjp had to get its nominee occupy the raisina hils.
will that cheer up bjps two senior leaders, l k advani and murli manohar joshi, who now have a largely ceremonial role in the partys margdarshak mandal?
advani and joshi, both, were modis mentors in delhi and ahmedabad.
during his initial days in delhi, modi would spend most of his evening taking lessons from joshi.
when joshi unfurled the tricolour at srinagars lal chowk in 1992, he had modi by his side.
it was modis first tryst with the limelight.
the credit to send modi to gujarat to take over as chief minster goes to advani who also stood by him in his days of crisis.
will modi now offer guru dakshina to his mentors?
bjp leaders have their fingers crossed but there is underlying feeling that it would be unlikely.
lagta nahi hai is the common refrain of bjp leaders on the possibility of the two veterans becoming countrys president and vice- president.
election for a new president is due in july when pranab mukherjee completes his five-year term.
vice-president hamid ansari ends his second term in august.
many names and theories are doing the rounds in bjp circles about who will occupy the top two seats.
from a dalit to a woman and a tribal to a rss choice; the guessing game is far from over.
lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, jharkhand governor draupadi murmu, bihar governor ramnath kovid, social justice minister thawar chand gehlot, i&b minister m venkaiah naidu, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and nominated rajya sabha member narendra jadhav - bjp leaders guess list is just growing.
some dont even rule out a second term to incumbent pranab mukherjee.
stop guessing.
modi will surprise you all with his choice for the two posts, a senior cabinet minister said.
with the bjp and its ally apna dal winning 321 of the 403 seats in uttar pradesh, 57 of the 70 seats in uttarakhand, 30 seats in manipur (with allies) and 13 seats in goa, the nda has dramatically reduced its gap to the halfway mark of 549442 votes in the electoral college.
the alliance is now short of just 25,354 votes to get its own candidate as the next president.
the total strength of the electoral college that elects the president is 10,98,882 votes.
before saturdays result, the nda was short of 79,274 votes.
but bjps clean sweep in up has given the party an undeniable edge.
while the total votes of bjp in the electoral college stand at 433,182, along with its allies its number has increased to 524088.
the electoral college comprises all elected mps and mlas.
votes of nominated members are not counted.
each vote has a value depending on the size of the population an elected member represents.
mps have the highest value  708  for each vote while the value of an mlas vote depends on the population of the state.
the five states of up, goa, uttarakhand, punjab and manipur have altogether 1,03,756 votes.
up, the most populous state in the country, alone has 83, 824 votes.
the value of a up mlas vote is 208.
with the alliance winning 321 seats, its strength in the electoral college has shot up to 66, 560.
in the outgoing up assembly, the bjp with 41 mlas had just 8528 votes.
similarly, bjps votes have gone up in uttarakhand to 3648 from 1728.
the partys debut in manipur with 21 seats has also come as an advantage.
ndas vote in manipur stands at 540.
in the outgoing assembly, it did not have a single mla.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday sought details from indias high commissioner in pakistan over reports that an indian woman from hyderabad was stranded in the country and was being allegedly harassed by her husband.
according to reports, 44-year-old mohammadi begum from hyderabad was stranded in pakistan and called her father saying that she was being harassed by her 60-year-old pakistani husband in lahore.
she married muhammad younis, who concealed his actual nationality and claimed to be from oman, in 1996, the reports said.
i have asked for a report from indian high commissioner in pakistan, swaraj tweeted.
i have asked for a report from indian high commissioner in pakistan.
pic.
twitter.com/ivsynga7lx @amjedmbt  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 16, 2017her tweet seeking a report from high commissioner gautam bambawale came after amjadullah khan khalid of majlis bachao tehreek (mbt), a political party in telangana, drew her attention to the plight of the woman.
he appealed to swaraj to help the woman in returning to india.
i have received the report from our consulate in san francisco.
the victim mubeen ahmed works at a gas station.
a gunman demanded money from mubeen and then fired at him, she tweeted.
he is admitted in the eden medical centre ca.
fortunately mubeen is now out of danger.
we are following up the case with the police, she said.
according to reports, 26-year-old ahmed, a native of telangana, had gone to the united states in february 2015, to pursue his masters course in a university.
he had completed the course two months ago and was doing a temporary job at a private store.
we took up the matter with canadian high commission.
i am happy you will participate in the yonex canada open, swaraj tweeted after badminton player sikki reddy said the players were struggling to get a canadian visa.
hi mam, this is sikki reddy badminton player.
we all players have applied canada visa for the yonex canada open, reddy had tweeted on wednesday.
@sushmaswaraj 1/1 hi mam, this is sikki reddy badminton player.
we all players have applied canada visa for the yonex canada open.
the united states has offered terminal high altitude area defense (thaad) and patriot advance capability (pac-3) missile defence systems to india in as an alternative to russian s-400s, a competing equipment that india has said it is close to acquiring after years of negotiations.
the trump administration is understood to have made the offer some weeks ago as it simultaneously extended and reeled back assurances that indias purchase of the russian system could not, or could, attract sanctions aimed at punishing russia for its 2016 election meddling under countering american adversaries through sanctions act (caatsa).
us officials are believed to have indeed conveyed us willingness to waive these sanctions for s-400s during the inaugural 2+2 meeting in new delhi last september between defence minister nirmala sitharaman and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and their us counterparts.
but there appears to have been some walking back in recent weeks, coinciding with trump administrations efforts to prevent turkey, a nato ally, from going ahead with its own plans to buy s-400s.
saudi arabia, another us ally, is next.
the exact cost of a thaad defence system could not be ascertained, but according to a cnbc report, each unit can cost an estimated $3 billion.
saudi arabia signed a deal with the us in november to buy 44 thaad launchers and missiles - each battery comes with six launchers - for $15 billion.
in comparison, india is reported to be paying $5.
4 billion for five s-400s, each of which consists eight launchers.
the exact date of the offer of thaad and the pac-3 systems to india could not be ascertained, but the offer was confirmed by multiple government agencies and people close to these discussions.
as a matter of policy, we do not publicly comment on or confirm proposed defense sales or transfers until they have been formally notified to congress, said a us state department spokesperson in response to a request to confirm or deny if a formal offer had indeed been made.
it was not denied, as is clear.
the state department is the clearing house for government-to-government transfer of us defence equipment to foreign countries, through the system of foreign military sales.
though india has felt confident of getting a caatsa waiver, as was recently reiterated by defence minister nirmala sitharaman, indian officials have also sensed a walking-back on it in recent months, drawing upon, in main parts, on us insistence in public remarks that the waiver authority written into law by the congress in 2018 only empowered the president to grant waivers and it did not offer country-specific guarantees.
james mattis, former defense secretary, had mentioned india and vietnam in his testimony at a congressional hearing in which he had urged lawmakers to grant exemption powers ti the government, arguing it was needed to slowly wean long-time clients of russian arms and weapons.
comparisons between thaad and pac-3 missile defence systems with s-400s are typically slanted in favour of those behind the analysis.
but the united states is pitching them as part of a larger plan of enhanced defence and security cooperation with india.
as india cuts its dependence on russian equipment  from 78  over 2009-13 to 58  over 2014-18, according to sipri (stockholm international peace research institute)  and switches to america, arms purchases from the united states have gone from zero some years ago to $18 billion.
thaad and pac-3 will fit in better with other american equipment.
turkeys planned purchase of s-400s and americas opposition to it on grounds the acquisition could expose american defence systems to the russians is cited often by american officials as central to the trump administrations position on allies, friends and partners opting for the russian system.
the united states has threatened to not sell turkey f-35s, the next generation fighter jets, if it acquired the s-400s.
i have received a report from mr anupam ray cgi houston, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted late friday evening.
our mission staff hv met with sunayna kuchibhotla.
indian government is with her in this hour of grief.
we assure her of all our support, she said.
i have received a report from mr.anupam ray cgi houston.
/1 @indianembassyus @navtejsarna @cgihou  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017our mission staff hv met with sunayna kuchibhotla.
indian government is with her in this hour of grief.
we assure her of all our support.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017indian ambassador in us mr.navtej sarna has spoken to me and is keeping me informed.
/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 24, 2017the minister also said indian ambassador to the us navtej sarna was also in touch with her and was keeping her updated.
kuchibhotla, 32, was killed and alok madasani was injured when adam w purinton, a white who earlier served in the us navy, shot them at the austins bar & grill in olathe, kansas, on wednesday night.
purinton reportedly got into an argument with the victims and hurled racial slurs.
he yelled get out of my country, terrorist before shooting them.
purinton, according to reports, provoked them into argument asking their presence and work in his country, and how they are better than him.
to avoid unwanted scuffle, the bar management asked him to leave the place, only to find him back at the bar later with gun when he fired at the indians.
ian grillot, 24, an american who tried to save the indians, was also shot at, media reports quoted police as saying.
grillot was recovering in a hospital while madasani was discharged.
the hindu american foundation (haf) called it a hate crime.
police said purinton, 51, fired multiple rounds and fled the bar.
he was arrested on thursday morning in clinton city in neighbouring missouri state when a bartender told police that he had bragged about killing two middle eastern men, the kansas city star reported.
the us strongly condemned the shooting and said it has reached out to indian consular officials to offer support.
the us embassy in new delhi expressed full faith in the us authorities investigating the matter.
we have full faith that us legal authorities will bring the case to justice, the statement said.
purinton has been charged with first-degree murder.
it was a tragic and senseless act of violence, olathe police chief steven menke said.
kuchibhotla hailed from hyderabad while madasani is from warangal town in telangana.
they were aviation programme managers at garmin, an electronics manufacturer.
prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping on saturday held talks in qingdao to draw a blueprint for deepening bilateral relationship and reviewed the implementation of decisions they had taken at an informal summit in wuhan, reflecting a renewed momentum in their ties.
their second meeting in nearly six weeks since the wuhan summit took place on the sidelines of the sco meet and covered key aspects of the bilateral engagement, reflecting the resolve by the two countries to reset relations and bring back trust in their ties which was hit by the doklam standoff and several other thorny issues.
external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar described the meeting as warm and forward looking while chinese envoy to india luo zhaohui said the two leaders focused on the implementation of the wuhan consensus and drawing a blueprint for the future sino-india relations.
an mou on sharing hydrological information of the brahmaputra river by china to india and another pact on amendment of the protocol on phytosanitary requirements for exporting rice from india to china to include non-basmati rice were signed after the modi-xi talks.
further strengthening the positive momentum in the bilateral relationship generated at the wuhan informal summit, pm narendra modi had a warm and forward looking meeting with chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the sco summit, kumar tweeted.
the meeting between the leaders of two asian powers came after their informal summit in the chinese city of wuhan to solidify the relationship in a broad spectrum of areas and ensuring better coordination between the border guarding forces of the two countries after the doklam standoff.
after their talks in wuhan, modi and xi had decided to issue strategic guidance to their militaries to strengthen communications to build trust and understanding as part of efforts to avoid a doklam-like situation in the future.
the two leaders had also discussed ways to give impetus to their economic ties as well as people-to-people relations.
luo said it was the 14th meeting between our two leaders over past four years.
modi arrived here in the afternoon on a two-day visit to attend the annual shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit.
the ties between the two neighbouring nuclear powers had nosedived following last years doklam standoff as well as due to a number of other issues issues including china blocking indias move to get pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar banned by the un and its opposition to indias bid for the nuclear suppliers group membership.
chinas belt and road initiative was also strongly opposed by india as part of it goes through pakistan-occupied kashmir.
troops of india and china were locked in the 73-day standoff in doklam since june 16 last year after the indian side stopped the construction of a road by the chinese army in the disputed area.
bhutan and china have a dispute over doklam.
the face-off had ended on august 28.
however, there have been concerted efforts by both sides to reset ties leaving behind the doklam episode.
last week, modi had said that asia and the world will have a better future when india and china work together with trust and confidence while being sensitive to each others interests.
modi also said that an asia of rivalry will hold the region back while an asia of cooperation will shape the current century.
the prime ministers comments at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore were appreciated by china.
chinas appreciation of what modi said was conveyed by chinese foreign minister wang yi to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a meeting held on the sidelines of the brics foreign ministers meeting in south africa this week.
it is for the first time the indian prime minister will be attending the sco summit after india along with pakistan became full-fledged members of the grouping last year.
the sco currently has eight member countries which represents around 42 per cent of the worlds population and 20 per cent of the global gdp.
india was an observer at the sco since 2005 and has generally participated in the ministerial-level meetings of the grouping which focus mainly on security and economic cooperation in the eurasian region.
cm adityanath said he will conduct a fair and impartial investigation into the incident, swaraj tweeted.
sadiq - government of india is seized of the matter.
we are taking immediate action.
https://t.
co/srds2qguj1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017i have spoken to yogi adityanath ji chief minister of uttar pradesh about attack on african students in greater noida.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 28, 2017she was reacting to the tweet of a foreign student who requested swift action, saying living in the area was becoming a life threatening issue.
trouble erupted in greater noida on monday after people protesting a teenage boys death caused by suspected drugs overdose attacked black foreigners in the area.
a nigerian girl was allegedly abducted and several africans were assaulted in greater noida.
locals accused africans living in the area of drugging class 12 student manish khari, who died of a cardiac arrest on saturday.
most of the victims of the mob attack were doing their evening shopping near pari chowk, oblivious to the undercurrent of anger against africans.
many african students live in greater noida, where a clutch of international universities has come up of late.
addressing a press conference on key initiatives of her ministry in three years of the modi government, swaraj also described the proposed changes in h1b visas as a matter of concern.
she said the government was engaged with the donald trump administration as well as us congressmen on the issue and was alert to any possible negative impact.
the matter will also figure during prime minister narendra modis visit to the us, she said, but did not give the date of his travel.
modi is expected to visit the country by the month-end.
some of the other major points made by swaraj during the press interaction are -- india to raise airspace violation issue with china after chinese choppers flew over chamoli district.
india opposed chinas one belt one road (obor) project as it violated indias sovereignty which was not acceptable.
china will be forced to rethink as other countries while participating in the obor meet, conveyed their view on territorial integrity and sovereignty.
india is also involved in various connectivity projects, including the bangladesh-bhutan-india-nepal (bbin) initiative, the bangladesh-china-india-myanmar forum for regional cooperation (bcim) and chahbahar port in iran, but goes by principles on maintenance of territorial integrity and sovereignty of other countries.
india wants countries which back its bid for nsg membership and are friends with china, to talk to beijing on the issue.
indias nsg membership to be credential-based and not criteria-based.
india wants to resolve all issues with pakistan bilaterally, but talks and terror cannot go together.
no flip-flop in indias policy on pakistan.
pakistan cant take kashmir issue to international court of justice (icj).
kashmir can only be resolved bilaterally.
arab nations, including saudi arabia and egypt, cutting ties with qatar is an internal matter of the gulf cooperation council (gcc).
india is only ascertaining if any of its nationals are getting adversely impacted by it.
all issues pertaining to chahbahar port have been resolved.
all the projects are reviewed by me every three months and by the prime minister, every six months.
so, the pace of these projects are picking up.
fishermen issue is of primary importance to the government, which has taken several steps to address it jointly with the sri lankan government.
there cannot be any timeline in finalising teesta waters agreement with bangladesh as there has to be consensus among the centre, the west bengal government and the bangladesh government.
the government is looking into concerns expressed by west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee on the sharing of teesta waters.
totally baseless pakistani allegations that afghanistan was afraid of india and that was the reason for kabul to blame islamabad for terror attacks there.
the ministry will not hesitate in utilising budgetary allocation to bring back indians stuck abroad.
there is no decision on modi visiting the maldives.
the prime minister and the external affairs minister have covered all the saarc countries.
indias relations with west asia have become one of the best.
80,000 people stranded abroad brought back to india in the last three years.
there is a 37.
5 per cent increase in fdi since nda government took over three years ago.
indiaupdated: aug 07, 2019 01:21 istformer external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who gained widespread praise for using social media to help indians around the world in distress , was once seen as a rising star of the bharatiya janata party (bjp) who went on to fulfil that promise by achieving the highest legislative and executive successes.
swaraj, 67, was the daughter of a prominent rashtriya swayamsevak sangh leader and had several achievements in her four-decade-long political career, including becoming haryanas youngest cabinet minister at 25 in 1977 and delhis first woman chief minister in 1998.
her exclusion from the union cabinet following the bjps sweeping victory this year surprised many in diplomatic and political circles.
though she didnt contest the elections due to her poor health, she hadnt said she intended to retire from politics.
she rose in politics at a young age, but her detractors in the bjp called her an outsider to the sangh, the partys ideological fountainhead.
they labelled her a socialist nominee to the janata party government in haryana under devi lal.
swaraj, however, would say it was her husband swaraj kaushal who should be called a socialist and that her father had been a swayamsevak.
sushma swaraj with punjab cm parkash singh badal and former delhi cm sahib singh verma and union parliamentary affairs minister madan lal khurana at a press conference in 1998.
(ht photo)after losing in the parliamentary polls of 1980, 1984 and 1989 in haryana, she did a stint in the rajya sabha before breaking her lok sabha jinx with a victory from south delhi in 1996.
she was made a cabinet minister in the 13-day government led by atal bihari vajpayee and became a cabinet minister again after a win in 1998.
swaraj was made delhis cm after sahib singh verma stepped down in 1998, but the rising price of onions during her short tenure of about three months drew much criticism.
in 1999, she contested against then congress president sonia gandhi from bellary in karnataka.
though she had just 12 days to campaign, she lost to gandhi by a margin of just 7 .
during the second vajpayee government, she briefly held the information and broadcasting portfolio during 2000-03.
she also served as the minister for health, family welfare and parliamentary affairs from 2003 to 2004, when the nda lost the election.
she also made her mark as a powerful and articulate hindi orator in parliament who was just as well known for her quick wit.
as leader of opposition in the lok sabha from 2009 to 2014, she was seen as one of the possible claimants in the bjp for the prime ministerial position.
it was at this time that then gujarat chief minister narendra modi went from strength to strength.
she was considered to be close to bjp stalwart and former home minister lk advani.
swaraj went on to become external affairs minister, taking the oath of office after only modi and then bjp president rajnath singh.
as the external affairs minister, swaraj functioned in an understated manner, with modi steering the foreign policy with an aggression seldom seen before.
she actively used social media to engage with indians around the world and to outline the governments position on key foreign policy issues.
swaraj also was known for responding to numerous requests for assistance from indians in distress around the world.
in this file photo dated oct 3, 2018: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets senior bjp leader lal krishna advani, at rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi.
swaraj who was on tuesday night admitted to aiims, passed away.
( pti )however, swaraj faced accusations in 2015 of having lobbied on behalf of former indian premier league chief lalit modi after she recommended to the uk government that modi, then a fugitive, could be provided travel documents to visit his wife, who was being treated for cancer in portugal.
she defended her decision by saying it was made on humanitarian grounds and was defended by both the bjp and the rss.
born on february 14, 1952 at ambala in haryana, she earned a bachelors degree with majors in sanskrit and political science from sd college before going on to study law at panjab university in chandigarh.
during her political career, she was elected a member of parliament nine times and a member of the legislative assembly three times.
she was married to swaraj kaushal, a senior advocate of the supreme court who served as governor of mizoram during 1990-93 and was an mp during 1998-2004.
her stint as the external affairs minister was affected by poor health and she underwent a kidney transplant in 2016.
doctors treating eman ahmed abd el aty, the nearly 500-kg egyptian and possibly the worlds heaviest woman, have said she has lost a considerable amount of weight within the last one month.
eman arrived in mumbai on february 11 for a weight-reduction surgery and is being treated in mumbais saifee hospital.
doctor say the 36-year-old needs to lose 200kg in the next six months.
physiotherapists and the diet team are keeping a close watch on her.
right now, we are focusing on stabilising her hormonal levels and kidney functions, reducing water retention and increasing limb activity, that will ultimately help her increase her metabolism rate, one of the top doctors on the 13 member panel treating her said.
officials at saifee hospital said her weight loss is being tracked by using a special weighing scale since she is unable to stand up and she cannot use a normal machine.
its a metallic weighing scale with a customised wooden plank to lift her and measure her weight, an official said.
the hospital is also using a pulley-based lifting swing to take her to the refreshment room.
every organisation involved in her treatment is working on a pro-bono basis to ensure that her family, which is not financially strong, doesnt face the burden of the extensive medical costs.
the hospital and doctors are treating eman free of cost but there are other expenses involved.
eman will need approximately rs 80 lakh to just travel between the countries considering her special needs.
she will have to make several trips between india and egypt during the course of her treatment in the next three or four years.
a fundraising campaign has been launched to help her with the expenses.
with 53 days left before the deadline, the campaign has already raised rs 19.
46 lakh with the help of 169 supporters.
one of her well-wishers donated rs 89,300 to save eman campaign on wednesday.
emans sister shaimaa, a former engineer, left her job to look after her.
shaimaa has a 2-year-old daughter who is with her grandmother in alexandria.
eman lost her father six months back and her mother manages her daily expenses by stitching clothes.
read more: eman ahmed, the worlds heaviest woman, will have to lose 200kg in six monthswhat we know so far:1) eman weighed about 5kg when she was born and started to put on weight by the age of 11.
2) she had to discontinue schooling after class 5 due to lethargy caused by thyroid problems.
3) the continuous weight gain restricted her lower extremities and she started to crawl instead of walking.
4) in 2014, when she weighed 300kg, ahmed had high cholesterol level and a sudden stroke left her paralysed, impacted her speech and left her completely bedridden.
5) by 2016, eman weighed about 500kg and was diagnosed with severe lymphedema and water retention, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and hypothyroidism.
she has severe obstructive and restrictive lung disease, gout and is at a very high risk of pulmonary embolism.
6) after repeated attempts to avail medical aid from doctors in egypt and greece, emans sister shaimaa started an online campaign which caught the attention of noted laparoscopy surgeon dr muffazal lakdawala.
7) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her stay at aiims delhi, communicated with officials at the indian embassy in egypt who had rejected emans visa application to come to india for treatment.
8) eman, who lay in a specially created bed by egyptian artisans, travelled in egyptair freighter aircraft airbus 300-600 to mumbai and was brought to saifee hospital in an open to sky truck, covered by all sides for security purposes.
9) she is currently at a specially created 1,000 sqft first-floor facility, which used to be the accounts office previously.
a ground floor structure, created by saifee for ahmed was demolished by brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) due to lack of permission.
10) eman is currently under observation.
before any surgical intervention, she will need a series of medical tests including routine body check-up and a complete body profile test.
doctors will also do a special gene study for the 91 different types of biomarkers isolated with the obesity related syndrome.
china on tuesday said it will stick to its two-step approach for admitting non- npt countries such as india into the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) while declining to comment on new delhis efforts to urge moscow to convince beijing about its bid to join the bloc.
since russia and china share good relations, it should talk to china.
chinas foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying did not make a direct reference to swarajs statement but reiterated chinas stand on the admission of countries that are signatories to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt).
the application for accession by non-npt countries is a multilateral question and should be addressed on the basis of consensus of the nsg members.
china and other members, including russia, maintain close communication and we also maintain that we should act in accordance with the principles of the nsg, hua said.
she explained the two-step approach, which china proposed last year.
we have stressed our position many times on this issue.
our position remains unchanged.
we support in principle the consensus, transparent and open intergovernmental (resolution of the) problem through the two-step method, she said.
first, to reach a non-discriminatory resolution that applies to all non-npt countries and then to discuss the applications of each non-npt country.
at the plenary session in bern, china wishes to conduct constructive discussion.
on monday, chinas assistant foreign minister li huilai said the nsg was more complicated than we previously imagined.
china wants the nsg to have thorough consultations for a non-discriminatory and universally applicable solution to all the countries, li said days ahead of a possible meeting between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in astana on june 8 and 9.
china is willing to work with the indian side to deepen political trust, expand win-win cooperation, and contribute to regional stability, world peace, and development, he said.
the nsg issue is expected to be among the top talking points if modi and xi meet in astana.
india and pakistan will formally join the sco at the summit.
wherever you go, the indian embassy follows  or so external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would have you believe.
swaraj has earned praise for helping indians abroad who reach out through twitter, but that doesnt stop her from having some fun at work.
on thursday, when twitter user karan saini wrote a tongue-in-cheek tweet to swaraj, he likely didnt expect to be paid back in the same coin.
tagging swaraj, saini wrote: i am stuck on mars, food sent via mangalyaan (987 days ago), is running out, when is mangalyaan-ii being sent ?
@isro.
swaraj was quick to respond: even if you are stuck on the mars, indian embassy there will help you.
swarajs response prompted many twitter users to praise her:and mam sushmaswaraj ji will continue to bedazzle us all with her wit, passion & energy to serve indians wherever they are.
you're an inspiration  monica jasuja (@jasuja) june 8, 2017sorry for barging into your mentions as you rescue indians stranded abroad, but i had to tell you you are awesome!
-your fan.
nirwa mehta (@nirwamehta) june 8, 2017lol, smart answer, contact local embassy :)  sandip nayak (@sandipnayak6) june 8, 2017this is not the first time swaraj has shown that humour is a strong suit in the 65-year-old politicians style of functioning.
while a major cabinet reshuffle was being reported last year in july, swarajs wit stood out despite her absence from the swearing-in ceremony.
media - pl avoid the headline : sushmaswaraj skips oath ceremony, she tweeted after the event.
its not all fun and games, however, when it comes to swarajs work on twitter.
in january this year, the external affairs minister was irked by a twitter users request.
a pune-based software developer, who goes by the handle @smitraj07, tweeted to swaraj requesting a transfer for his wife who apparently works in the jhansi (uttar pradesh) railway division.
swaraj, in a curt reply, tweeted to smit raj if you or your wife were from my ministry and such a request for transfer was made on twitter, i would have sent a suspension order by now.
swarajs external affairs ministry recently launched a twitter seva to ensure timely, transparent and large-scale response to citizens tweets in real time.
the twitter seva service is being supported by 198 twitter accounts of indian missions abroad and 29 regional passport offices.
swaraj was named in the global thinkers of 2016 list compiled by the foreign policy magazine.
the magazine recalled how, when around 10,000 indian workers in saudi arabia faced a food crisis earlier this year due to job losses, swaraj tweeted about the issue to six million followers on the social media website.
india on monday dismissed us president donald trumps charge that it signed the paris climate accord to get billions and billions and billions of dollars from developed nations.
india signed the paris agreement because of indian culture and ethos and not under duress or out of greed (for monetary benefits).
we are committed to the environment and this commitment is 5,000 years old, she told reporters at a press conference here to highlight the achievements of narendra modi government in the last three years.
she said that to accuse india of signing the agreement because it was pressurised by some countries or out of greed for foreign aid is completely baseless and unfortunate.
i would like to officially make this clear.
i clearly dismiss both accusations.
the minister said she has always respected, even worshipped, nature and would be committed to the paris agreement, irrespective of what the us decides.
on president trumps executive order for tightening the rules of the h-1b visa programme that could affect indian professionals going to america for better employment and impact indias $150 billion it industry, the minister said new delhi was in talks with us congress and trump administration officials.
yes, the concern is there.
we are talking to members of the congress.
efforts are on to make sure the trump administrations move doesnt impact indians, she said and added that no changes have been made in the visa policy as of now.
there are amendments that cannot be made through executive orders, she asserted and denied that the proposed changes in the policy had affected indias ties with the us.
the minister said the relationship between india and the us since trump took charge were growing with the same speed as was the case when barack obama was president.
there has been no change (in the ties).
we are moving forward as we were moving.
she said india and us have a relationship of mutual benefit.
pm modi has spoken to president trump thrice.
our officials have also had talks with theirs on many occasions.
every interaction has been positive and good.
us is indias major defence partner.
and there has been no intimation from their side that might suggest diluting this special relationship we share.
as canadian defence minister harjit sajjan wrapped up a week-long official trip to india, the visit that could have turned into a diplomatic disaster may have instead managed to circumvent the distractions of controversies.
as sajjan arrived in mumbai on friday, he had a conference call with canada-based media and described the visit as extremely successful.
it may have drifted in another direction if the indian government had stuck to its original position of downgrading it.
the possibility of a meeting with prime minister narendra modi did not materialise, but new delhi recalibrated its approach after the controversy created by punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh who accused sajjan of having pro-khalistan leanings and refused to meet him.
while a ceremonial guard of honour was, at one point, not on the agenda, it was reinstated.
the reasoning was that hardline elements in canada, already buoyed by a motion in the ontario assembly describing the 1984 anti-sikh riots as genocide and the punjab chief ministers comments, would get more ballast if sajjan was snubbed.
as it is, before the tri-services honoured the canadian defence minister, khalistanis were already fulminating: shiromani akali dal (amritsar) canadas president sukhminder singh hansra said in a statement, the indian state insulted canadas defence minister sardar harjit singh sajjan and refused to give him a guard of honour, the traditional protocol for all visiting defence ministers.
while the indian government made its point about disapproving of the ontario assembly motion, particularly during sajjans meeting with his counterpart (and finance minister) arun jaitley, it did not allow that aspect of the dialogue to overshadow the bilateral process.
sajjan said they spoke on many aspects of how we can move forward n our defence relationship and also our broader relationship as well.
meanwhile, sajjan also met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as well as the chief ministers of haryana and maharashtra, both bjp-ruled states.
he described those meetings as a great opportunity.
if a divide persists following the visit, it will be between the canadian government and its attitude towards the punjab government, rather than the centre, as sajjan made it a point of repeatedly praising the modi governments actions.
as a coda to his remarks, sajjan said, i look forward to future visits and moving that cooperation further.
both nations will hope that if and when such a visit occurs, it will prove far tamer than the one of april 2017.
prime minister narendra modi heads to the us later this month for his first meeting with president donald trump and expectations, at least on the indian side, are modest.
no big bang announcements are on the cards during the visit being seen as an opportunity for the two leaders to unveil their vision of the bilateral relationship that has grown steadily over the last 20 years.
modi will be in the us on june 25 and 26, days before he goes to israel, the first indian prime minister to visit the jewish state.
at the white house, talks are expected to focus on familiar issues: terrorism, economic cooperation, greater salience on indo-pacific and stepping up defence ties.
there are some concerns, too.
new delhi would want clarity from the trump administration on the h-1b regime, the short-term visa for skilled workers which is crucial to indian software majors overseas business.
trump sees the arrangement as a ploy to take away american jobs.
there is a cloud over the clean-energy push, a growing area of cooperation, after trump pulled the us out of the paris climate pact aimed at fighting global warming by reducing carbon emissions.
still, it will be the modi-trump meeting itself which would be most critical.
the two leaders, who are not conventional by any yardstick of politics, will get to know each other and set an agenda for their future.
modi enjoyed a good rapport with trumps predecessor barack obama, it will be interesting to see how his relationship shapes with the billionaire-turned-politician.
continuity is at the heart of the us-india ties.
but what may worry new delhi is the way trump has gone about his foreign policy.
his willingness to reset the terms of engagement with north atlantic treaty organisation (nato) allies and paris pact pullout point to big shifts, and not happy ones, in the us stance.
the uss ties with russia and china have not given out much to draw any conclusion as to where trump places india in the region.
officials say both sides value the ties.
one of them said cooperation would continue in the area of counter-terrorism.
during his visit to saudi arabia, the president did mention india as a victim of terrorism, a source said.
that he didnt mention pakistan  a frontline state for the us -- as the victim of terror should bring some cheer to india.
trump not meeting pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif during saudi arabia holds a symbolic significance for delhi.
past us administrations have spoken out against terror emanating from pakistani soil but little has been done on the ground to change that.
trump is expected to take a harder line.
officials say us defence secretray james mattis and national security adviser hr mcmaster had useful visits to india.
the us was indias major defence partner.
modi is likely to flag indian concerns over the h-1b visa when he meets trump.
i would like to assure the country that we are in touch with the members of the us congress and the administration on this matter.
new delhi is also upset over trumps comments that india signed the paris deal for billions and billions of dollars in foreign aid.
the two countries have several initiatives in place to push for technological advances in the field of clean energy.
but with trump administration making a u-turn on the paris deal, there is little the two countries have left in common in this key area.
india though remains committed to the climate pact and shifting to renewable energy.
hindi has got a new champion in the narendra modi government  environment minister anil madhav dave.
the suave politician from madhya pradesh has conveyed his displeasure to ministry officials about their lack of command over hindi in official files.
an upset dave has ordered officials not to send him anything written in hindi unless it has been first vetted by the ministrys in-house language experts.
dave is well versed in english, but often speaks in hindi in parliament and outside.
he has to his credit six books in hindi and two in english.
it has been observed that documents being submitted in hindi to the office of the honble minister from various divisions/sections/units of this ministry are not up to the mark from the linguistic point of view, reads an environment ministry directive to all civil servants.
the order went on to record how the minister had expressed his unhappiness at the quality of the notes.
it went on to direct that all documents which have not been translated or typed by the ministrys official languages division should be invariably got vetted by them before their submission to his office.
besides prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh and foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj are prominent among senior bjp leaders known for promoting hindi.
asserting that it wishes to have good neighbourly relations with pakistan, the government on wednesday said it remained in touch with it through bilateral diplomatic channels, including addressing all urgent humanitarian even after cancellation of foreign secretary-level talks as agreed in december 2015.
she also noted that the governments diplomatic efforts in the wake of pathankot and uri attacks led to widespread recognition internationally that pakistans policy to sponsor and support terrorism against its neighbours posed the biggest challenge to peace and stability in the region and beyond.
she, however, added that during this period, the governments of india and pakistan remained in touch through bilateral diplomatic channels, including for addressing all urgent humanitarian and other matters concerning people-to- people ties.
swaraj was addressing a meeting organised in support of the bjps candidate in the malkajgiri lok sabha constituency, n ramachandra rao.
we achieved success in isolating pakistan even among islamic countries in the world, she said in hindi.
swaraj recalled how india was invited to the inaugural conference of the oic countries in 1969 but could not attend the proceedings due to pressure put by pakistan.
she added that india attended the oics 50th anniversary meet in march even though pakistan tried to get swaraj disinvited.
prime minister narendra modi has made relations with islamic countries so strong and this is the benefit of his foreign visits, she asserted.
not fair.
#harishsalve has charged us rs. 1/- as his fee for this case, swaraj tweeted.
not fair.
#harishsalve has charged us rs.1/- as his fee for this case.
https://t.
co/eyl3vqscrs  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 15, 2017her tweet came in response to a tweet by one sanjeev goyal, who said india could have got any good lawyer with much less fee than what salve must have charged for fighting the case.
salve was indias lead attorney at the icj hearing the case of indian national jadhav.
india has petitioned the icj, urging that it immediately suspend jadhavs death sentence, expressing fears that pakistan could execute him even before the hearing at icj.
pakistan has alleged that jadhav was an agent of indias external intelligence agency research and analysis wing (raw).
india has denied that he has any connection with the government.
the icj on monday heard arguments of both india and pakistan.
on may 8, india moved the icj against the death penalty, alleging pakistan violated the vienna convention on consular relations by repeatedly denying it consular access to jadhav.
india, in its appeal, has asserted that jadhav was kidnapped from iran, where he was doing business after he retired from the indian navy.
wesley mathews, the indian-american foster father of three-year-old sherin mathews, was sentenced to life by a judge in dallas on wednesday for the tragic death of the indian toddler in 2017, in a case that attracted international attention.
mathews, 39, pleaded guilty monday to a lesser charge of injury to a child in sherins death.
he was originally charged with capital murder by authorities in the us state of texas.
mathews stared ahead and did not look at jurors as the judge sentenced him to life in prison, us media reports said.
the 12-member jury deliberated wednesday afternoon for about three hours before coming to a unanimous decision to give mathews a sentence of life in the death of his adopted daughter, sherin.
he will be eligible for parole after 30 years imprisonment.
prosecutors argued that mathews, hailing from kerala, killed sherin in october 2017.
she was adopted by mathews and his wife sini mathews from an orphanage in bihar in 2016.
mathews claimed she accidentally choked to death on milk.
prosecutor sherre thomas argued that mathews testimony was just another lie.
she said testimony and medical records show that it was medically impossible for a child who is 3 years old to stand up and choke to death as mathews claimed.
it means hes still a liar.
it means he killed that little girl.
and when he killed her, he panicked, thomas argued, wfaa tv reported.
she said mathews also took the time to clean up himself and turned off the location tracker on his phone to try to hide what he had done.
mathews did not tell investigators where his daughters body was.
when her body was found, it was so badly decomposed that the medical examiner could not determine an exact cause of death.
theres nothing left of her, her teeth had fallen out, thomas said.
he covered his crime.
he got away with that.
while prosecutors asked the jury to hand down a life sentence, defence attorney rafael de la garza argued that mathews was a good father who panicked when his daughter choked and did not call for help.
he argued that prosecutors could not prove that mathews killed his child and said he was only guilty of not calling 911, the emergency helpline.
during closing arguments, de la garza walked over to mathews and placed his hands on his shoulders.
this is something he will live with for the rest of his life, the attorney told jurors.
after the verdict was read, de la garza called the sentence cruel and unusual punishment, wfaa tv reported.
mathews initially told police that sherin went missing on october 7, 2017, after he put her outside their home at 3 am in richardson, texas because she would not drink her milk.
her badly decomposed body was found 15 days later in a culvert near the familys home.
his story evolved during the course of the investigation.
he initially claimed that as punishment for not drinking her milk he sent sherin outside at 3 am to stand by a tree outside the backyard of their home.
when he checked in on her 15 minutes later, mathews said sherin was missing.
he later admitted she died when he physically assisted her in drinking the milk and got chocked.
on the witness stand during the sentencing trial, mathews said he panicked after his daughters accidental death.
he said he wrapped her body in a blue trash bag and dumped her in a culvert so she would be near the home.
thomas argued that sherin suffered abuse the entire time she lived in the us.
medical records show that she had five broken bones that were at various stages of healing.
police charged sherins foster mother sini, a registered nurse, with child abandonment in november 2017, after her husband told officials the couple left the toddler alone the night of her death while they went to dinner with their biological daughter.
sinis case was dismissed in march this year after prosecutors said they could not prove it beyond a reasonable doubt.
sini sat in the courtroom during closing arguments on wednesday.
after the judge read the sentence, she quickly left the courtroom without giving a comment to waiting reporters.
she and wesley mathews were both arrested after sherins body was found.
the couple later lost custody of their biological daughter.
sherins death attracted the attention of the indian government and the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took keen interest in the case and also instructed the indian mission in houston to make sure that the indian toddler received justice.
india further tightened the adoption process after sherins tragic death.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
us president donald trump is looking forward to hosting prime minister narendra modi later this year, the white house said in a statement on tuesday.
no date for the visit was announced though.
trump called pm modi on monday to congratulate him on his recent state election victories, expressing support for his economic reforms and great respect for indians.
president donald j. trump spoke with prime minister narendra modi of india to congratulate him on the outcome of indias recent state-level elections, the white house statement said.
modis bharatiya janata party won elections in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand outright and formed the governments in goa and manipur with the help of allies.
president trump expressed support for the prime ministers economic reform agenda and emphasized his great respect for the people of india.
president trump also said he looks forward to hosting prime minister modi in washington later this year.
-- white housethis was the third publicly known phone conversation between modi and trump after latters victory last november.
the first conversation took place on the morning after trumps upset win over democratic candidate hillary clinton.
the second took place after president trumps inauguration.
their officials and aides have spoken and met many times since trumps election, with the first team of indian officials meeting vice-president-elect mike pence.
indian national security adviser ajit doval met his then counterpart michael flynn in december -- before the inauguration, but had to make another trip last week to meet hr mcmaster, his new counterpart after flynn was forced to resign for lying about his contacts with russians.
doval also met secretary of defence james mattis on his recent visit.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and secretary of state rex tillersen spoke on phone and foreign secretary s jaishankar met with the top us diplomat during a visit to the us earlier in march.
jaishankar, who was accompanied by commerce secretary rita teotia, also met mcmaster and president trumps top adviser on international economic affairs kenneth juster in the white house, commerce secretary wilbur ross and secretary for homeland security john kelly.
indian officials have felt generally good about these meetings.
overall our sense was that the administration has a very positive view of the (india-us) relationship and a very positive view of india, jaishankar had said after his meetings.
the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) on wednesday said it will approach the international court of justice (icj) to challenge the italian supreme courts decision upholding the ban on sikhs carrying kirpan (a ceremonial dagger) in public.
a sikh migrant had appealed against a lower courts decision ordering him to pay $2,195 (rs1,40,700) for carrying a kirpan.
addressing a press conference here, sgpc president kirpal singh bandugar said that court decision is a matter of great concern and they have decided to file a petition in icj to the safeguard sikhs rights to wear its religious symbol.
in the petition, we will request icj to allow the sikhs to wear their religious symbols across the world, he said.
he said the sgpc has already taken up the issue with prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to intervene in the matter and to take up it with the italian counterpart.
he said the italian courts decision is against the basic tenets of sikhism, which has a distinct identity because of special religious symbols, which sikhs wore.
on the issue of alleged distortion of facts in sikh mahan kosh, a punjabi language encyclopedia, he said the matter is already in the high court.
the sgpc will not tolerate any change in proven facts, which some punjabi university employees had made while publishing the encyclopedia.
about the selection of new vice-chancellor of sri guru granth sahib university, fatehgarh sahib, bandugar said a screening committee has been formed to shortlist sikh academicians to take call on this.
he said former chief secretary rs mann will head the committee.
he said the sgpc has started activities by dividing the state into three parts to promote sikhism.
your name will be written in history in letters of gold said a grateful man on twitter after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stepped in to help get him an urgently needed passport.
indeed, ms swarajs penchant and ability to help fellow indians, whether in india or abroad, sort out a myriad of problems bears no repeating now.
it could be a visa, an intervention with a foreign government for a domestic worker who is in difficulty, tourists who have been stranded, a person who has lost her documents and recently a foreign national who had trouble getting her marriage registered in india.
this is laudable but begs the question as to why it takes the external affairs ministers efforts to clear what should be common and garden issues.
surely getting a marriage registered should take no more than a local official to get things moving.
this seems to suggest that the institutions that should routinely be dealing with many of these issues are simply not working or are holding back for want of some consideration or the other.
in the case of indians abroad for whom ms swaraj has intervened repeatedly, the primary responsibility for them vests with the embassies.
are we to assume that they do not entertain complaints or requests from indians as a matter of course?
in the event of a large-scale evacuation, ms swarajs involvement may be necessary, but day-to-day issues should not even figure on the foreign ministers agenda.
ms swarajs remit is far broader; she is in charge of policy and should not have to function as the go-to person for matters which should be sorted out at the local level whether in india or abroad.
in the latest case of a brazilian woman who had difficulty registering her marriage to an indian national, that ms swaraj smoothed the path should not obscure the fact that there should be an inquiry into why this was not done in the first place within a stipulated time.
the passport offices across india are meant to issue passports and guide people on how to deal with any complication that could arise in the course of acquiring, renewing or re-issuing them without the might of the foreign minister.
this is what should be worrying  that systems dont work unless a vip pushes them.
it is heartening that ms swaraj is so accessible and ready to help.
but this should not mask the fact that institutions meant to help people are falling down on their jobs.
the next time she is called upon to exercise her good offices, she would be well within her right to ask the institution in question what prevented it from discharging its duty.
it is a matter of comfort to know that we have ms swarajs assurance that even if an indian were to face a problem on mars help would come from her ministry.
but on more down-to-earth matters, those tasked with the job should not hold up things for no rhyme or reason necessitating intervention from the highest quarter.
families of eleven indian nationals, who are in custody of the nepal police for last eight days, have sought the help of the ministry of external affairs (mea) for their safe release and return to india.
the detainees, who are from lucknow, varanasi, prayagraj and sonbhadra, are associated with a private real estate and investment firm based in lucknow and allahabad.
they were arrested on may 10 from a hotel in kathmandu allegedly over a property fraud case lodged against their nepal-based associate.
we have written a detailed e-mail to the ministry and also tweeted to union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today.
we are seeking the ministrys intervention in getting our people back, said devendra singh, brother of one of the detainees gajendra singh.
others who are in nepal police custody have been identified as ak singh, kashif shakeel, mohammad sharzil, ramesh ram, sunil upadhyay, niraj kumar mishra, ashok kumar, ayush upadhyay, girish upadhyay and the business groups owner rashid nasim.
the family members will visit the external affairs ministry in new delhi on monday to apprise the officials about the case.
they were in nepal to attend a three-day business workshop but were arrested by nepal police on the basis of complaint lodged against one nepal citizen mahendra singh, who was also there for the workshop, said devendra.
devendra claimed he had approached the local court over the alleged illegal detention of indian citizens on the basis of complaints lodged against a nepali national.
the local court has pulled up nepal police after the complainants submitted affidavits that indian citizens had nothing to do with the case and only mahendra singh should be held accountable, claimed devendra.
he said the local court has given five-day time period to release indian citizens or produce evidence of their involvement in any violation of law in nepal.
the time period will end on tuesday but we are still concerned about the security of our people following which we have approached the ministry of external affairs, he added.
asif nasim, brother of rashid nasim, said he had written an e-mail to the ministry to apprise them of the entire situation and sought their immediate intervention.
he along with the family members of other detainees will meet the ministry officials on monday.
when contacted over phone, kathmandu police chief uttam subedi said he was not aware of the case but the police will follow the directives of the local court.
the ministers remarks at her annual press conference came hours before a meeting with visiting iran foreign minister mohammad javad zarif.
iran is the third largest source of indias oil imports.
new delhi is making strategic investments in the chabahar port in iran that connects afghanistan to central asia bypassing pakistan.
us president donald trump this month exited from the iran nuclear deal and sought the reimposition of economic sanctions against tehran that were suspended under a 2015 agreement.
the external affairs minister conveyed that all parties to the agreement should engage constructively for peaceful resolution of the issues that have arisen with respect to the agreement, a statement from the ministry said after swaraj met zarif.
zarif, who had been to moscow, beijing and brussels, arrived in india sunday night.
zarif briefed swaraj about the the discussions that iran has undertaken with parties to the joint comprehensive plan of action following the us decision to withdraw from the agreement, said the release by the ministrys press release.
the two sides positively assessed the implementation of decisions taken during the visit of president rouhani to india.
these included bilateral cooperation in the areas of connectivity, energy, trade and promotion of people to people contacts, the release said.
swaraj cited an order by the reserve bank of india saying it did not allow trade using cryptocurrency.
venezuela, whose oil output is falling under pressure from us sanctions, is offering a discount on oil sales paid for by using the petro.
indian americans have presented ian grillot, who suffered multiple bullet wounds in the kansas shooting, with a check of $100,000, calling him a genuine hero who risks his life for another, and takes a bullet for a complete stranger.
it is not every day that one meets a genuine hero  a person who risks his life for another, and takes a bullet for a complete stranger, said jiten agarwal, a leading indian american, at an event in houston, texas, on friday where the check was given to grillot.
for he that sheds his blood for me today is my brother, he added, using a variation of shakespeares for he today that sheds his blood with me, shall be my brother, according to a statement on facebook posted by india house, a community centre run by indian americans.
ian grillot is a man who reminds us of the promise of america and its greatness, said agarwal.
a very moved grillot said after accepting the check, i dont know if i couldve lived with myself if i wouldnt have stopped or attempted to stop the shooter because that wouldve been completely devastating.
i do now have a very powerful message and if i can help empower people and spread hope and love, then why not?
the money, raised entirely by the indian american community, is intended to help grillot, 24, buy a house.
grillot was shot in the arm and the chest when he tried to stop adam purinton who had opened fire on two indian engineers at a bar in olathe, kansas in february, killing one of them, srinivas kuchibhotla.
the american was instantly hailed as a hero in india and in the us as a symbol of the larger and inclusive america that had seemed overrun by bigots, islamophobes and immigrant-haters in the aftermath of the election of president donald trump.
a grateful india invited grillot to visit, in a message from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to him by the indian counsel-general in houston, anupam ray.
and indian americans, a tiny but prosperous community of 3 million, raised money for him to help him buy a house, as an expression of their appreciation for what he had done, an initiative that was encouraged by the indian counsel-general.
a young indian woman, who said she was forced to marry a pakistani man at gun point, returned on thursday after a court in the neighbouring country facilitated her journey back home.
the plight of uzma ahmad, in her early 20s, had drawn countrywide sympathy and the indian government had vowed to bring her back.
her return also showed rare bonhomie between the warring neighbours with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thanking the pakistani establishment and judiciary.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets uzma ahmed, who returned from pakistan.
(arvind yadav/ht photo)accompanied by indian high commission officials and escorted by pakistani police personnel, she crossed into india through the wagah border crossing near amritsar.
its easy to go to pakistan, but tough to return.
pakistan is a well of death.
even those who go there after arrange marriages are crying, a tearful uzma told reporters in new delhi.
they (in-laws) have tortured me in many ways, threatened to kidnap my daughter.
so i agreed to marry him to save my daughter.
he used to beat me up.
because of my daughter i signed it, they scared me so much that i signed, uzma said at the joint press conference with swaraj.
read| indian national uzma, forced to marry in pakistan, returns home; welcome back, says sushmaswaraj swarajuzma had petitioned the court on may 12 requesting it to allow her to return home urgently as her daughter from her first marriage in india suffered from thalassemia -- a blood disorder characterised by abnormal haemoglobin production.
uzma, who hails from delhi, had taken refuge at the indian high commission in islamabad.
uzma ahmed, who returned from pakistan, hugs her girl ahead of her meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi on thursday.
(arvind yadav/ht photo)her husband, tahir ali, petitioned the court saying she was being forcibly kept at the high commission and that the marriage was not under coercion.
a single bench of justice mohsin akhtar kayani heard both the pleas and after hearing their arguments, he allowed uzma to return to india.
uzma ahmed, who returned from pakistan, hugs her mother during a meeting with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj while her brother and her girl look on in new delhi on thursday.
(arvind yadav/ht photo)she has said she was forced to marry tahir at gunpoint.
the two reportedly met in malaysia and fell in love.
uzma reached pakistan on may 1 and travelled to the remote buner district in khyber-pakhtunkhwa province where she was married to tahir on may 3.
according to the law in pakistan, her lawyer can continue to represent her in the case she has filed in the high court and she can return to pursue the case.
she said while the counsel treated uzma as his child, the judge dealt with the case on humanitarian grounds and not through the prism of india-pakistan relations as some people wanted him to.
here are the top stories to bring you up to date on the news today.
your pan card could be invalid without aadhaar by december.
heres what you need to dopermanent account numbers (pan) not linked to aadhaar cards will likely become invalid after december 31, a government source said on thursday, as the centre pushes to widen the use of the 12-digit biometric identity project.
currently, all taxpayers need to have a pan number to file income tax return but others, such as students outside the tax bracket, also use the card as a proof of identity.
heres a guide to how you can link your aadhaar with pan.
read the full story here.
around 250 feared dead on black day in the mediterraneanover 250 african migrants were feared drowned in the mediterranean thursday after a charitys rescue boat found five corpses close to two sinking rubber dinghies off libya.
the uns refugee agency (unhcr) said it was deeply alarmed after the golfo azzuro, a boat operated by spanish ngo proactiva open arms, reported the recovery of the bodies close to the drifting, partially-submerged dinghies, 15 miles off the libyan coast.
read the full story here.
mamata backs advani as next president but says will back even sushmaswaraj or sumitrabengal chief minister mamata banerjee has said she would be happy to see bjp patriarch lk advani as the next president of india but would not mind if union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan became the countrys first citizen.
the comments came during a tv interview to a bengali channel that was aired on thursday night.
read the full story here.
hit-and-run politics wont work, says sm krishna after joining bjpveteran congress leader sm krishna resigned from the congress in january taking potshots at the party for being in a state of confusion and joined the bjp on wednesday.
as long as sonia gandhi was in the saddle, i was very comfortable in the congress party.
but for the past three years leaders like me were made to feel unwanted.
dynastic politics without giving any importance to competence is the bane of congress party, krishna told hindustan times in a free-wheeling interview.
politics is a serious business.
it is not a hit-and-run job nor is it a part-time job, said krishna without taking rahuls name.
read the full story here.
mumbai doctors call off strike after cm devendra fadnavis security assurancea section of resident doctors from maharashtra association of resident doctors (mard) called off the protest late on thursday night after chief minister devendra fadnavis assurance that public hospitals will be provided with more security.
home department sources told ht three hospitals in mumbai will be provided round-the-clock security guards.
read the full story here.
22-year-old arrested in greater noida for facebook post on yogi adityanatha 22-year-old youth was arrested by the greater noida police on thursday for allegedly posting objectionable content against newly elected uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on his facebook wall.
a complaint was lodged against accused rahat khan by members of the hindu yuva vahini, a youth group founded by adityanath, in dankaur police station on thursday evening.
acting on the complaint, the police nabbed khan, who runs a jan suvidha kendra (public utility center) in dankaur.
read the full story here.
nsa ajit doval to meet us defence secretary james mattisnational security adviser ajit doval and us defence secretary james mattis will meet in washington dc to discuss a wide range of strategic and defence issues.
mr doval is also expected to meet his american counterpart lieutenant general hr mcmaster at the white house, the first meeting between the two national security advisors.
jnu students extend strike; hrd minister javadekar defends seat cutjnu students union has decided to extend its strike against the massive seat cut in mphil and phd courses even as hrd minister prakash javadekar defended the varsitys decision saying it follows ugc norms.
the students had earlier called for a one-day strike but decided to it for two more days and hold a protest demonstration outside the university grants commissions office.
paulinho scores hat-trick as brazil thrash uruguay in fifa world cup qualifierchina-based midfielder paulinho scored a hat-trick as brazil thrashed uruguay 4-1 to move to the brink of the world cup finals at montevideo on thursday.
barcelona superstar neymar scored brazils other goal with a cheeky lob as the five-time world champions opened up a seven-point lead at the top of the south american qualifying standings.
homelessness: census data shows three of indias worst six districts in delhithree delhi districts are among indias six worst in terms of the number of homeless people as a share of the general population.
while nearly three in every thousand delhiites are homeless, they are not evenly distributed, an ht analysis of the 2011 census reveals.
in delhis central district, more than 15 in every thousand residents are homeless.
the figure is more than 14 for new delhi, the citys power district, and about nine for north district.
homelessness is relatively low in other delhi districts.
east, south west, north west, and north east districts have fewer than two homeless people per thousand.
read the full story here.
you may also want to read:the rise of the yogi; review of yogi adityanath and the hindu yuva vahinifrom everything we have heard about yogi adityanaths way with votes, it would seem the man has never felt a tinge of electoral insecurity in his 19-year-old political career.
but it turns out uttar pradeshs new chief minister had to work his way to electoral invincibility.
senior journalist dhirender k jhas 35-page book, which reads like a meticulous magazine profile, details the lowest point in the five-time mps electoral journey to show why he may never fear losing an election again.
read the full story here.
yogi adityanath takes charge as cm: ups hindutva fringe feels empowereda land where ram and krishna were born is now in safe hands.
the dream of establishing a hindu empire in this land now appears to be coming true, says manoj kashyap, convenor of the rashtrawadi pratap sena (rps), in northern uttar pradeshs shahjahanpur.
the rps is one among ups wide network of hindu groups cheering yogi adityanaths ascent as chief minister of the state.
together, they view the hindu hardliners takeover of political power as a licence to press on with the mission of creating a hindu rashtra.
read the full story here.
the help offered by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to a four-day-old boy having a serious heart ailment has given a ray of hope to the newborns parents who have now decided to shift him to aiims in delhi for medical treatment.
on january 23, devesh sharmas wife vandana sharma gave the birth to a child in a hospital in bhopal.
the child was born with transposition of greater arteries (tga) intact ventricular septum condition in heart.
devesh on thursday appealed the minister on twitter to help for the treatment his son, to which swaraj responded.
sharma said they decided to seek help after doctors in bhopal told that they did not have facilities in the city to conduct operation on the child facing this medical condition.
subsequently, the ministers staff contacted sharma seeking all medical reports of the child and sent them to doctors at delhis all indian institute of medical sciences.
after consultation, swaraj tweeted last evening that, we contacted the family and got the medical reports through my bhopal office.
dr balram airan head cardiac surgery aiims advises an early surgery.
we can organise the babys surgery in aiims delhi.
the family has to decide, she said in another tweet.
after swarajs assurance for help, the childs family is now hopeful that he would get better treatment.
we are in the process of shifting the child to new delhi through air ambulance for further treatment after sushmajis tweet.
hopefully, we will shift the child to delhi by evening, sharma, who works in a software firm in bengaluru, told pti on friday.
swaraj is mp from vidisha lok sabha seat of madhya pradesh.
she underwent a kidney transplant operation at aiims in delhi on december 10 last year.
the minister is known for reaching out to indians stranded across the world through social media.
here are the top stories to bring you up to date this morning.
london attacker identified as 52-year-old khalid masood, no prior intel on activitiesthe attacker who killed three people near parliament in london before being shot dead was named on thursday as british-born khalid masood, who was once investigated by mi5 intelligence officers over concerns about violent extremism.
islamic state claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement issued by its amaq news agency, but did not name masood and gave no details.
it was not clear whether the attacker was directly connected to the jihadist group.
masood, 52, was most recently living in the west midlands region of central england and known by a number of aliases.
read the full story here.
hit him 25 times with sandal: sena mp says he assaulted 60-year-old ai stafferhigh drama was witnessed on a pune-delhi air india flight soon after it landed at the indira gandhi international airport (igia) on thursday morning as shiv sena lok sabha mp ravindra gaikwad allegedly hit a 60-year-old airline staffer with slippers.
the mp was angry allegedly because air india changed his seat from the business to economy class.
read the full story here.
air india tells staff to file police complaints against unruly passengers, mulls no-fly listair india chief ashwini lohani on thursday asked the staff not to wait for an approval to file a police complaint in case of misbehaviour or assault by a passenger.
the move came on a day when shiv senas member of parliament ravindra gaikwad allegedly hit a 60-year-old airline duty manager with slippers and even tried to push him off the plane.
while we have filed two firs it is necessary that in all such cases of a passenger misbehaving i.
e assaulting air india staff, the airport manager would invariably lodge an fir with the local police without waiting for any approvals, lohani said in a statement released to the staff.
read the full story here.
sushma swaraj comes to aid of kidnapped indian in serbia, finds it was stagedhailed for coming to the aid of indians in distress abroad, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday discovered that a kidnapped man in serbia who she tried to help had staged his own abduction.
hours after she responded to a call for rescuing an indian allegedly abducted and tortured in serbia, the union minister said on thursday the kidnapping was stage-managed and the video was fake.
swaraj intervened after she was approached by a netizen who tweeted: @sushmaswaraj please help my brother his life in big trouble somebody kidnap in serbia country and ask him send the money unless we kill him.
read the full story here.
row erupts in mp after godse, ravana called great men, gonds cow killersthe opposition and the ruling bjp locked horns in the madhya pradesh legislative assembly on thursday after a book allegedly described mahatma gandhis assassin nathuram godse and demon king ravana as great persons while another described gond tribals as cow killers and beef eaters.
during zero hour on thursday, leader of opposition ajay singh pointed out to speaker dr sitasharan sharma that a book by makhanlal chaturvedi national university of journalism had highlighted godse and ravana as great persons.
read the full story here.
uk-indian humiliated by gym staff teaches himself law, beats firm in courtan indian-origin autistic man in britain who was called stupid went as far as studying law and poring over legal minutiae for two years to take on a multi-million dollar company in court - and emerge triumphant - according to a media report on thursday.
it all started when ketan aggarwal, a resident of southall, london, was called stupid twice by the gym instructor in front of the class.
read the full story here.
navjot sidhu can continue with tv shows: punjab ag in report to cm amarinder singhpunjab advocate general atul nanda has not found any conflict of interest between navjot singh sidhus office as state cabinet minister and his working for television shows.
chief minister captain amarinder singh has confirmed that he has received the report of the advocate general on the issue, according to raveen thukral, the media adviser to the chief minister.
in the circumstances, the chief minister said, there was no hindrance in sidhus continuing with the tv shows.
sidhu is a celebrity guest at the comedy series the kapil sharma show.
read the full story here.
delhi toddlers suffer serious burns after family car catches firetwo toddlers suffered more than 50  burns when a freak fire engulfed the family car in which the two cousins were playing without adult supervision in outer delhis sultanpuri on thursday morning.
the children were inside the second-hand swift by themselves when the incident occurred.
read the full story here.
pakistan is not richest country, but is happiest in region: envoy abdul basitminister of state for external affairs mj akbar on thursday represented the government at the pakistan day celebration in new delhi that was attended by several political leaders and members of the hurriyat conference.
high commissioner abdul basit received guests during the event and, in his address, mentioned the world happiness report 2017 that ranked pakistan and china ahead of india, which came in at a lowly 122 among the 155 countries on the list.
we may not be the richest country in the world but according to a recent report we are the happiest one in the region.
and that itself is a testimony to the resilience of our people, basit said.
we have no doubt, we are confident that pakistan is now surging ahead and it is destined to become a regional economic hub, he added.
read the full story here.
cia hacking tools can permanently infect apples mac computers: wikileaks reportthe central intelligence agency is able to permanently infect an apple mac computer so that even reinstalling the operating system will not erase the bug, according to documents published thursday by wikileaks.
in its second release allegedly from the cias arsenal of hacking tools, wikileaks also said that it appears the us spy agency has been able since 2008 to insert it bugs onto new and unused iphones by intervening in apples supply and distribution network.
read the full story here.
german state bans mosque group after imam calls for killingsgerman state officials say theyve banned an islamic cultural association that ran a mosque in the central german town of kassel due to extremist comments.
hesse state interior minister peter beuth said on thursday that the almadinah islamic culture association was banned because the groups leading imam had, among other things, repeatedly called for the killing of infidels in his sermons.
investigations by the authorities also confirmed that several members of the mosque had already left germany for syria to join extremist islamic fighters there.
read the full story here.
12 things to do on a 12-hour flight with no laptop: jordan airlines tips on us bansay hello to the person next to you.
reclaim territory on the armrest.
think of the reasons why you dont have a laptop or tablet with you.
this is some of the light-hearted advice dispensed by royal jordanian on social media thursday, a day before the carrier is to enforce a new us ban on most on-board electronics on us-bound flights from 10 cities in muslim-majority countries.
read the full story here.
indias first anti-human trafficking law should have provision to penalise commercial carriers and transport companies if they fail to ensure that people travelling to the country are carrying requisite travel documents, union urban affairs minister hardeep singh puri has recommended.
the provision exists in the un protocol to prevent, suppress and punish trafficking persons, especially women and children, supplementing the un convention against transnational organised crimes, which puts the onus on commercial carriers in ensuring that passengers are in possession of requisite travel documents.
india is a signatory to the un convention.
in a letter to law minister ravi shankar prasad last week, puri has highlighted how certain critical features of the un protocol are missing from the proposed domestic law.
puri is part of the group of ministers (gom) set up to review the anti human-trafficking billthe un protocol provides trafficking against women, along with minors be given due recognition.
the current proposal, while adequately addressing tracking of minors, does not provide the same salience to crimes against women, says puris letter, a copy of which has been reviewed by ht.
besides, article 6, section (1) of the un protocol states that each state party shall protect the privacy and identity of victims of trafficking persons.
the proposed bill is silent on the need to secure the identity of victims, puris letter notes.
the draft trafficking of persons (prevention, protection and rehabilitation) bill, 2017, piloted by the union women and child development (wcd) ministry, proposes punishment of up to 14 years for traffickers, measures to rehabilitate victims, and the mandatory registration of placement agencies that recruit and place domestic help.
in a first, it also treats a trafficked person pushed into prostitution as a victim, instead of the prevalent practice of treating them as criminals like the traffickers and facing jail term of up to seven years.
the bill was referred to a four-member gom, headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj last month when it came up for approval before the cabinet.
it was referred to the gom after swaraj and puri flagged incongruities in the bill, said a senior government official familiar with the development.
wcd minister maneka gandhi and law minister ravi shankar prasad are the other two members of the gom.
once the gom gives its report, we will go to the cabinet for approval, said a senior wcd ministry official who did not want to be quoted.
the opposition parties in the the lok sabha teamed up on thursday to take on prime minister narendra modi and the government over hate crimes against indians in the us reported over the last few days.
the congress which led the charge attacked modi with mallikarjun kharge charging him tweeting on everything but being silent on this.
the government has completely failed to secure indians, he said.
the voluble, vocal and articulate pm is completely silent arent we going to take proper steps?
tmcs saugata roy asked.
opposition lawmakers demanded the government spell out in parliament how it plans to deal with the issue and get the united states to make sure indians are safe.
home minister rajnath singh assured the house that the government would make a detailed statement in the house next week because external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is unwell.
steps will be taken to ensure indians abroad feel safe, singh said in the lower house.
in the recent weeks, at least two indians have been killed and another injured in suspected cases of hate crime in the us.
speaker sumitra mahajan had disallowed adjournment notices given by several opposition members to raise the issue but allowed it during zero hour.
kharge said modi is seen hugging foreign leaders and sitting on a swing withchinese president xi jinping but has not taken up such an important issue.
both kharge and roy said hate crimes have seen a rise since donald trump took over as the us president.
bhartruhari mahtab of the bjd said the government should come out with an advisory for indian origin people living in the us, warning them about unsafe places in that country in the same way the us has put out a travel advisory, warning its citizens against visiting india.
when hatred is fuelled in the elections, it leads to hate crimes, cpms mohammed salim said, describing the attacks on indians as diplomatic and intelligence failures.
egyptian eman ahmed, 36, the worlds heaviest woman, who is being treated at a mumbai hospital is in the news again.
this time not for her weight loss.
while doctors claim she has 242kg, almost half her weight since her surgery, her sister shaimaa salim on monday called saifee hospital surgeon dr muffazal lakdawala and the hospital liars, alleging they put eman on massive medication to stop her brain activity.
heres emans journey in mumbai:february 11: a 504-kg eman landed in mumbai.
after repeated attempts to avail medical aid from doctors in egypt and greece, emans sister shaimaa started an online campaign, which caught the attention of mumbais dr muffazal lakdawala.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who during her stay at aiims delhi, communicated with the officials of indian embassy in egypt, who had rejected emans visa application to come to india for treatment.
lying in a specially created box bed by artisans of egypt travelled in egyptair freighter aircraft airbus 300-600 to mumbai, eman was brought to the hospital in an open to sky truck, covered by all sides for security purposes.
eman, after she landed in mumbai.
(file)february 16: eman thanked her doctors and the governments of india and egypt for their help, in a video message recorded from her bed at saifee hospital.
in the video, the 36-year-old expressed her gratitude, saying she could feel a difference between egypt and india and that she felt much better heremarch 7: after losing almost 100kg with a special diet, eman underwent a bariatric surgery -- sleeve gastrectomy.
the size of her stomach was reduced by around 75 , leaving a narrow gastric tube or sleeve.
doctors also removed a large portion of the 36-year-olds stomach fat and limited her food consumption ability.
read: 10 things about eman ahmed, the 500kg egyptian womanmarch 18: the doctors claimed emans weight was down to 358kgapril 12: doctors said eman has lost 242kg, almost half her weight.
the weight loss, said doctors, had also dramatically improved her health  emans heart, kidneys and lungs are functioning better and her water retention levels were under control, they said.
the picture released by the hospital.
(file)april 22: the hospital released pictures and videos of smiling eman.
the images, shot on april 18, show 242-kg eman ahmed sitting in a wheelchair for a long period of time, something that was impossible for her three months ago, say doctors.
they said eman has now been shifted out of the room specially designed for her onto a normal hospital bed.
april 24: emans sister shaimaa salim called surgeon dr muffazal lakdawala and the hospital liars and claimed they had put eman on massive medication to stop her brain activity.
officials said this was a tactic by the family to delay emans discharge because no medical facility in egypt is willing to provide free medical services.
officials from saifee hospital said they have spent more than rs 2 crore on emans travel, treatment and surgery and separately collected more money through donations around the world.
from restrictions on delhi metro services over jat protests to missing indian clerics returning to delhi from pakistan, here are the stories to look out for today:1) jat protests called off: metro services to be normal, some restrictions to remainwith jats calling off their agitation, delhi metro on sunday announced its services will be normal on monday but for restrictions on exit from specific stations.
metro stations in gurgaon, noida and faridabad will remain open as usual, but the commuters will not be allowed to exit at yellow lines four stations -- central secretariat, patel chowk, udyog bhavan and lok kalyan marg.
however, entry will be allowed at these stations, an advisory by delhi metro said.
2) indian clerics traced to pakistan to reach delhi todayexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said two hazrat nizamuddin dargah clerics, who went missing in pakistan, are safe and will be back in delhi on monday.
syed asif nizami, the head priest of the dargah, and his nephew nazim ali nizami had gone to lahore on march 8 and were supposed to return to india on march 20.
asif was visiting pakistan to meet his sister in karachi.
pakistan had conveyed to india the missing clerics were traced to karachi.
3) cabinet may consider gst supplementary legislationsthe cabinet may take up for approval the supporting gst legislations, which will then be introduced in parliament as the government sprints to meet the july 1 deadline for rollout of the new indirect tax regime.
a set of four supporting legislations -- the compensation law, the central-gst or c-gst, integrated-gst or i-gst and union territory-gst or ut-gst -- are likely to together go to the cabinet for approval on monday.
4) jnu missing student case: court to decide on polygraph testa delhi court will decide on monday if the nine jnu students can be asked by delhi police to give their consent for lie detector test in a case related to the universitys missing student najeeb ahmed.
chief metropolitan magistrate sumit dass had reserved the order after the counsel appearing for the students submitted that the lie detector test is unconstitutional and illegal unless it is voluntary.
27-year-old najeeb has been missing since october 14-15 last year after a scuffle at his jnu hostel, allegedly with abvp activists the previous night.
the rss students wing has denied any involvement in his disappearance.
5) india vs australia: kohlis men hoping for a victory on final day of third testindias hopes of trumping over australia are high as the virat kohli-led team takes on kangaroos on the final day of third test in ranchi.
after india declared their first innings on 603 for nine on day 4 in ranchi, ravindra jadeja took two quick wickets to brighten the home teams victory prospects against australia.
australia are still 129 runs away from making india bat a second time and have only eight second wickets at their disposal to achieve that.
will virat kohlis team take the remaining wickets and go 2-1 up in the series or will steve smiths team hang on for a draw?
the law ministry has shot down as legally untenable a string of measures, such as impounding of passports and confiscation of property, suggested by an inter-ministerial group to deter nri men from deserting their wives, officials familiar with the development have said.
women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi last week wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who heads the group, to call another meeting to end the deadlock that threatens to derail the move to help abandoned wives.
the law ministrys position has resulted in all efforts made so far coming to a standstill.
there will be no deterrent unless stringent steps are taken against  nri men who have failed to respond to repeated summons, an official said on condition of anonymity.
with more and more indians going abroad to study and work, there has been a sharp rise in men deserting their wives after marrying them in india.
the national commission for women (ncw) received 346 complaints from such women in 2014, the latest year for which figures are available.
they were mostly about men preventing women from travelling by taking away their passports, disappearing after marriage, abandoning them in foreign countries and keeping children abroad with no contact with the mother.
the number would be much higher as only a handful of women come forward with their complaints, wcd ministry officials say.
the ministerial panel was set up in 2017 to review the legal and regulatory challenges faced by women.
nitin gadkari, ravi shankar prasad, maneka gandhi, smriti irani, narendra singh tomar and vk singh are the other members of the group.
the panel also suggested that the external affairs ministry put on its website summons issued to nri men after they fail to respond to the one sent to their address.
such notices were to be treated as deemed to have been served.
the current practice is that once a woman lodges a complaint, police write to embassies that issue a summons but in most cases it is not received as either the address is false or the person has moved to a new place.
the law ministry has not agreed to this proposal also.
without this, the regulatory framework that the inter-ministerial panel had recommended to help women abandoned or abused by nri husbands will not have any meaning, a wcd ministry official said.
following the recommendations, gandhi had written to the home and law ministries to make necessary changes in the law to make the suggestions operational.
the ministry had on december 20 constituted an integrated nodal agency for addressing nri marital disputes.
separated due to visa-related discrepancies from her 11-year-old daughter who is currently under care of temporary guardians in goa, a 42-year-old polish single mother stranded in thailand, has now reached out to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter for help in desperation.
marta kotlarska, a polish artist and photographer who is on a multiple entry b-2 business visa to india, was turned away from the kempegowda international airport, bengaluru, after she returned from sri lanka on march 24.
kotlarska said that she was blacklisted by the foreigner regional registration office (frro) in chamoli, uttarakhand, for overstaying due to a misunderstanding, but added that she had paid the requisite fines prescribed by law.
she had left for sri lanka a few days earlier from goa, because she was about to exceed her 180-day limit of stay in india and visa renewal norms required for foreign nationals to formally re-enter the country.
on my way back from sri lanka, at the bengaluru airport, to my utmost shock, i was refused entry to india and had to fly to bangkok.
i had to fly to a destination where i knew someone and could solve my problem and plead to the indian embassy, kotlarska told ians over phone from thailand, where she is currently stranded.
in her desperation to unite with the her daughter, who is currently being looked after by the parents of a classmate in north goa, kotlarska has now reached out to sushmaswaraj swaraj for help.
respected @sushmaswaraj i beg of you my 11-year-old daughter is separated from me as i was refused entry to india.
please request mha foreign division to treat my case as a priority since minor child is (in) india, where she studies without her mother, kotlarska tweeted.
kotlarska arrived in goa from warsaw in september 2018 to work on a photography project to capture goan culture and bridge the inter-generational gap between the young and old in the coastal state.
she registered her daughter with the frro in panaji, in october 2018.
kotlarska is desperate to re-unite with her daughter, who has been away from her mother for more than a week now.
the mother said that sushmaswaraj swaraj is my only hope for now, because the authorities do not seem to be taking note of the fact that i am separated from my daughter, who is all on her own now and i fear for her.
she also requested dear @hmoindia i beg you to treat my case as priority since minor girl child is involved, im separated from her and her school ends end of june.
she has also begged prime minister narendra modi for help.
respected @narendramodi i beg you for your help.
please request officials in mha foreign division to treat my case as priority since minor is involved and her education is at stake.
a hyderabadi woman named kulsum banu, who was trafficked to oman on the pretext of a job, has been rescued after five months.
banu thanked external affairs ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj for her help.
my daughter has complained about the matter to eam sushmaswaraj swaraj through a letter.
after that, indian embassy paid a fine amounting to a sum of five thousand riyal which was imposed on me and sent me back to india.
i reached hyderabad on may 8 with the help of eam sushmaswaraj swaraj and indian embassy in oman.
i would like to thank sushmaswaraj swaraj and indian embassy, she said while speaking to ani.
recalling how she was sent to oman on the pretext of a job, banu said, i was in search of a job and an agent named abrar had approached me and offered me the job of a beautician in the parlour.
he (abrar) also said that i will be paid rs 30,000 per month as salary in muscat.
after accepting his offer, they sent me to muscat on december 17, 2018.
after going there, i realised that there was no beautician job.
my employers made me work as a housemaid.
even then i worked for one month and later i refused to work there, she added.
according to banu, her employers handed her over to a local agent in muscat who took her to his home.
she alleged that the agent locked her in a room for ten days without food and also thrashed her several times.
later i approached indian embassy there.
the officials kept me in the embassy for four months.
then i contacted my daughter and explained to her my problem, she said.
prime minister narendra modi is approaching the wuhan summit with chinese president xi jinping with an open mind without the diplomatic encumbrances of the past, south block and pmo officials said, attributing this to the fact that the chinese leader came across as reasonable and without the legacy of deep state that most chinese leaders do at the 2017 xiamen brics summit, held immediately after the resolution of the doklam stand-off between the two countries.
the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the decision to hold the informal summit was floated during the visits of foreign minister wang yi and politburo member yang jiechi in 2017 after both sides showed interest in improving ties despite core concerns.
thereafter a two pronged channel was opened between foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and wang, and indias nsa ajit doval and yang to take plan forward.
the decision on the wuhan summit was sealed during shangai meeting of doval and yang on april 13.
hindustan times first reported on march 17 the news of a possible informal summit.
there are indications that prime minister modi will continue his efforts, started in september 2014 in ahmedabad, to improve relationships with president xi despite the fear of another pla incursion like that in chumar (soon after the modi-xi meeting) this time around also.
since taking over as pm, narendra modi has made it a point to keep in touch with world leaders at a personal level, and particularly with president xi as he believes the only gainer out of poor india-china relationship is pakistan, analysts said.
president xi, on his part, has also positively responded whether it was resolution of chumar in 2014 or doklam in 2017 after pm modi personally intervened, the analysts added.
china watchers says that in times of global volatility with the us and russia locking horns and beijing being bypassed on north korea by us president donald trump, it is in the interest of both pm modi and president xi to have an honest strategic conversation which clears the bilateral air.
while india has concerns over obor, cpec, 1267 resolution and nsg, china too has concerns over the tibetan government in exile (in india).
it is time the two leaders come to sort of compromise over each others core interests, said a top indian diplomat.
just as india is reaching out to china, the latter has also reached out to japan and vietnam with prime minister li keqiang travelling to tokyo in order to end a three year old freeze in relations.
with china being the number two economy and india standing at number 6, national security planners on both sides feel that there should be direct communication between the two top leaders.
while pm modis key diplomatic advisors have told him not to listen to institutional advice before wuhan, the time has also come for president xi to show the kind of flexibility he did at the g-20 summit at hamburg (on resolving doklam) again so that the two countries can together work towards deng xiaopings dream of an asian century.
the judge of the special cbi court in haryana, who sentenced dera sacha sauda chief gurmeet ram rahim last year to 20 years in jail for raping two women, will give his verdict in the apna ghar sexual abuse case on friday.
judge jagdeep singh is expected to give the order in the case after 2pm.
singh is known for his competence and toughness and his colleagues describe him as a very competent, tough and upright judge with a no-nonsense attitude.
he was a punjab and haryana high court lawyer before he joined the judicial service.
singh, who hails from haryana, completed his law degree from panjab university (pu) around 2000 and was known to be a bright student.
the judge hit the headlines in september 2016 when he and rushed four people, who were seriously injured in a road accident, to a hospital in jind district.
reports said he first called up the emergency number and asked the operator to rush an ambulance but was told the vehicle cannot come flying.
he then stopped a private vehicle and took the injured to the hospital.
the owner of apna ghar jaswanti devi, her family members and employees have been held guilty of sexually and physically assaulting inmates of the shelter home in haryanas rohtak city.
they were arrested in 2012 by the central bureau of investigation following a raid by the national council for the protection of child rights.
in one of the regions worst sexual crimes, the shelters inmates, including minors, adults and disabled, were subjected to shocking sexual and physical abuse.
read | rohtak apna ghar case: court testimony of victims reveals house of horrorbased on their testimony and other evidence, the judge on april 18 convicted jaswanti devi, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini and counsellor veena on charges of sexual and physical molestation of inmates.
another accused roshni was convicted for buying a child born delivered by a rape victim.
the probe agency has sought the maximum punishment for all the nine convicts.
timelinemay 7, 2012: three girls escape from rohtaks government-funded shelter home apna ghar and contact a helpline after reaching delhi.
may 9: ncpcr conducts a raid at the apna ghar shelter home and rescues over 100 inmates.
jaswanti devi, who ran the shelter, and several of her relatives are arrested.
june 8: the haryana government seals the shelter and a week later hands over the investigation to the central bureau of investigation (cbi).
august 7: cbi files chargesheet against 10 people in special cbi court in panchkula.
september 23, 2014: cbi court frames charges against all accused and begins trial.
february 14, 2018: evidence closed and final arguments begin.
april 18: nine of 10 accused held guilty.
april 27: cbi judge to pronounce sentence.
the violent attacks on africans in greater noida, which followed the death of a teenage boy of a suspected drug overdose, was covered by sections of the nigerian media, which highlighted a video of a brutal assault on a man inside a mall.
hundreds of people in the satellite city of new delhi went on the rampage against africans.
the violence erupted late on monday after police in greater noida released five african students detained over the teenagers death.
local residents claimed 17-year-old student manish khari died after taking drugs that were provided by africans living in greater noida, which is home to a growing number of students from different african countries.
indian mob beats nigerian to stupor was the headline for a report on the nigerianeye website that featured the video of a mob assaulting a man, identified as 21-year-old nigerian national endurance amarawa, who was kicked and hit repeatedly with stools and a trash can inside greater noidas ansal plaza mall.
the video, shared by the association of african students in india, doesnt show anyone trying to stop the attackers.
in the video, about 20 young men are seen attacking a defenceless black man, nigerianeye reported.
at a point, the man was motionless, but the attackers will not stop.
a young man in white shirt tried to pacify the rampaging mob, but did not succeed.
the report added: from libya to malaysia, nigerians have been victims of attacks across the world, the latest being in south africa.
the punch, another nigerian news website, reported that indian authorities had ordered an investigation into the mob attack on several african students.
it added that a protest over the death of khari turned violent, leading to attacks on african students, mostly nigerians, shopping in the area.
attacks on africans have been reported at regular intervals in india in recent years.
last may, a congolese student was beaten to death in delhi, the punch reported.
earlier, a tanzanian student was attacked and partially stripped by a mob in the city of bangalore.
the punch too featured the video of the attack on the african man inside the greater noida mall.
the attacks on africans was also reported by the sun news website, which noted that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had promised immediate action after a nigerian student appealed to her for help, saying that living in the noida area had become a life-threatening issue.
in a major mid air scare, an indian air force plane carrying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, went incommunicado for 14 minutes while approaching mauritius saturday evening prompting her hosts to press the panic button.
according to sources in the air traffic control (atc) the pilot and mauritius atc could not contact each other and the mauritian air traffic control declared an alert.
swaraj was flying from trivandrum to mauritius and had passed male airspace before the plane went missing from radars.
atc sources said that over oceanic airspace, the communication is a problem and as per global standard, atc should wait for 30 minutes before sounding a missing alert.
indian air force flight ifc31 carrying sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of external affairs departed from trivandrum at 1408 ist for mauritius.
aircraft changed over from indian airspace to male atc which then established contact with the aircraft at 1644 ist.
however, ifc 31 could not contact mauritius atc after entering mauritius airspace.
mauritius atc then activated incerfa (the uncertainty phase), said a spokesperson for the airports authority of india (aai).
later at 1658 ist, ifc 31 came in contact with mauritius atc and landed.
mauritius atc activated incerfa (uncertainty phase) without allowing the stipulated time period of 30 minutes to lapse from the time when aircraft last contacted atc.
this was perhaps done because the flight was carrying vip, the spokesperson added.
swaraj had a stopover in mauritius en route to south africa to attend the foreign ministers meeting of brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa).
during the transit halt in the indian ocean island, she met mauritius prime minister pravind kumar jugnauth and her counterpart seetanah lutchmeenaraidoo.
external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said enhancing the ties between india and mauritius was the focus of the meeting.
connecting with our maritime neighbour!
eam @sushmaswaraj called on the prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth.
enhancing our bilateral relationship was the focus of the meeting, he said in a tweet.
in a bid to substantially enhance indias so-called stand-off weapon capabilities, the trump administration in the united states has agreed to supply long endurance high-altitude surveillance armed unmanned aerial vehicles (uav), which are capable of hunting and destroying targets across seas and over land borders.
indian and us diplomatic officials confirmed to hindustan times that the pentagons decision to supply predator-b drones to indian military has been conveyed through official channels and that it is now up to the narendra modi government to take the final call based on the overall cost of indias drone programme.
the matter was taken up during official level meetings attended by national security advisor ajit doval, foreign secretary vijay gokhale and defence secretary in washington last month, they added.
manufactured by general atomics, predator-b has both land and naval versions and can be armed with air-to-land missiles, anti-ship missiles and laser guided bombs.
stand-off capabilities refer to the ability to strike without fear of the defensive capabilities of the target.
although the pentagon had cleared the sale of 22 guardian naval surveillance drones to india, new delhi was insistent that given the costs involved, it was in favour of acquiring an armed drone which operates over both land and sea.
purchase of the guardian drone through government to government route did not make sense as even if the unarmed drone identifies a hostile target over indian ocean, bay of bengal or arabian sea, it will have to request for boeing p- 8i neptune (aircraft) to destroy the target.
the time lag and effort is not worth the while.
the indian need is an armed drone which not only locates but hunts down the target, said a senior indian government official who asked not to be identified.
the other indian worry is about encryption keys to weaponised drone.
essentially, indian national security planners are worried whether the us will also have control of the armed drones and could theoretically jam them .
e us defence manufacturers have dismissed this concern by saying that india will have all the encryption keys for the armed drone.
this question, and the issue of the sale of the drones will come up before the technical team of office of secretary of defence (osd) policy arrives in the capital on may 3-4, 2018 to discuss the communications compatibility and security agreement (comcasa) with defence ministry officials.
india needs to sign comcasa and basic exchange and cooperation agreement (beca) for operating highly advanced us defence platforms requiring secured communication and spatial equipment.
the indian and us officials said the sale of armed drones could also come up during the two-plus-two dialogue between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman with newly-appointed us secretary of state mike pompeo and secretary of defence jim mattis in washington later this month.
while indian national security planners are pleased over the us nod to armed drones, the cost, logistics and maintenance of the uavs is prohibitive due to separate command and control centres and requirement of round the clock combat vigil.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi wednesday sat next to each other during a multilateral meeting here of foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation, amid strained ties between the two nuclear-armed neighbours.
swaraj and qureshi attended the meeting of the council of foreign ministers of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), which was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
india was an observer at the sco till 2005 and was granted the membership along with pakistan in 2017.
swaraj arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend the foreign ministers meeting.
according to the photos published by the pakistani media, swaraj and qureshi were seen seated next to each other along with other foreign ministers.
earlier in islamabad prior to his departure, qureshi said besides addressing the inaugural session of the regional forum, he would also hold meetings with his counterparts from other countries.
tensions between india and pakistan escalated after the february 14 pulwama attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror group which killed 40 crpf personnel.
amid mounting outrage, the indian air force carried out a counter-terror operation, hitting a jem training camp in balakot, deep inside pakistan on february 26.
the next day, pakistan air force retaliated and downed a mig-21 in an aerial combat and captured an indian pilot, who was handed over to india on march 1.
india didnt do enough to stop xenophobic and racial attacks on africans in greater noida last month, a group of african envoys has said in the first official reaction to the assaults that triggered nationwide condemnation.
in a late night reaction on monday, the external affairs ministry said it was unfortunate that a criminal act had been described as racial.
the ministry added that the government is committed to the security of all foreign nationals, including africans.
a statement by the heads of african missions dated march 31 sought a strong condemnation of the attacks at the highest level in india, legal action against perpetrators and an independent investigation by human rights bodies.
the document said the accumulated attacks against africans were xenophobic and racial in nature.
the heads of african missionsreviewed the previous incidents that have taken place in the past and concluded that no known, sufficient and visible deterring measures were taken by the government of india, the statement said.
referring to the recent attacks in greater noida, the african envoys said that these reprehensible events, both outstanding and unresolved cases against africans, werent sufficiently condemned by the indian authorities.
responding to the african envoys, the external affairs ministry said it was unfortunate that a criminal act triggered following the untimely death of a young indian student under suspicious circumstances has been termed as xenophobic and racial.
the investigation into the indian teenagers death and subsequent incidents is ongoing.
the government condemned the unacceptable attack on some nigerian nationals in greater noida and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had made a detailed statement in parliament.
authorities in uttar pradesh had arrested some suspects and taken steps to strengthen the security of nigerian nationals.
the external affairs ministry noted a report of an assault on a kenyan national was withdrawn and the concerned national, whose tourist visa had expired, was returning to kenya.
enraged local residents in greater noida thrashed several africans in a burst of fury following the death of a 17-year-old boy of a suspected drug overdose last month.
residents blamed the africans of providing drugs to the teenager.
a video of the assault of an african man went viral on social media and sparked widespread outrage.
despite the governments assertion that it has enforced strict security, some africans have reported feeling insecure and threatened.
kulbhushan jadhav, a former indian navy officer who has been sentenced to death by pakistan, spent his early days in maharashtras parel and used to stay in the police quarters with his family.
the ex-naval officers childhood friend tulsiram pawar, who was his neighbour, said the former national defence academy alumni was good at both sports and studies.
pawar said jadhav, who has been convicted on charges of espionage and sabotage, was helpful and always there when someone needed him, recounting the time when jadhav rushed with the aid of doctors to help a woman in their locality who need immediate medical attention.
now, jadhav is languishing in a jail in pakistan.
india has said it has no details on jadhavs health or location.
diplomatic ties between india and pakistan plunged following jadhavs conviction, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warning islamabad of the consequences of jadhavs death sentence.
in anewadi village in maharashtra, people remember the 46-year-old as a shy man who kept mostly to himself.
whenever he came to anewadi, he had something to offer to the villagers, said sadashiv tilekar, who runs an auto spare-parts shop in the anewadi village located in satara district.
villagers know the odds are stacked against jadhav but take hope in the release of chandu chavan, another soldier who crossed over the border and was captured by pakistan.
after the conviction, jadhavs friends have started a signature campaign to put pressure on pakistan and secure their friends release.
they are ready to meet the pakistan high commissioner and appeal to political leaders.
all we want is for kulbhushan to come back safely from pakistan, says pawar.
ht has exclusive images of the former naval officers life.
heres a peek:islamabad claims jadhav (right) worked for indian intelligence agency r&aw in its conflict-ridden balochistan province.
india denies all charges.
(photo by special arrangement)jadhav (right) used to come down to anewadi on a couple of trips every year and spent most of his time in the farms that ring the village.
(photo by special arrangement)anewadi residents say jadhav (right) stayed in the red-bricked, asbestor-roofed, one-storey family home that stands out among the cramped clusters of small pukka houses in the village.
(photo by special arrangement)new delhi denies all charges and says jadhav was coerced into accepting charges in a purported video of his confession.
jadhav was reportedly captured in balochistan in march last year.
he was tried by a field general court martial or an army court under provisions of the pakistan army act and the official secrets act.
jadhav can appeal the death sentence to pakistans supreme court within 60 days.
indias high commissioner yk sinha has promised speedy delivery of services and redress of grievances of the indian community in britain, which has one of the largest indian diasporas that maintains close ties with home.
addressing leading members of the community on pravasi bharatiya divas in the gandhi hall of the high commission on monday, sinha, who took over recently, recalled the quick response by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to problems raised by indians abroad.
the high commission, he said, will try to provide similar expeditious service, and recalled the ways in which the mission engages with the indian community.
a section of the audience at the event in gandhi hall marking pravasi bharatiya divas.
(ht photo)sinha congratulated priti patel, international development secretary in the theresa may government, and neena gill, member of the european parliament, on being awarded the pravasi bharatiya samman award at the event in bengaluru.
the event included music and a documentary on external affairs ministrys efforts to help indians abroad, including rescuing them from difficult and dangerous situations.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has earned praise worldwide for the effective use of social media for helping indians abroad.
on sunday, though, the external affairs minister was irked by a twitter users request.
a pune-based software developer, who goes by the handle @smitraj07, tweeted to swaraj requesting a transfer for his wife who apparently works in the jhansi (uttar pradesh) railway division.
@sushmaswaraj can u plz help us in ending our banwas in india?
my wife is in jhansi rly employee and i work in pune in it.
been a year+.
https://t.
co/wfl7ktaniz  smit raj.
(@smitraj07) 8 january 2017swaraj, in a curt reply, tweeted to smit raj if you or your wife were from my ministry and such a request for transfer was made on twitter, i would have sent a suspension order by now.
swaraj also tagged railway minister suresh prabhu to look into the it professionals request.
however, prabhu tweeted saying he was not responsible for transfers and forwarded the request to the railway board.
if you or your wife were from my ministry and such a request for transfer was made on twitter, i would have sent a suspension order by now.
https://t.
co/limngqwfh6  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 8 january 20171/thanks @sushmaswaraj ji for bringing it to my notice.
as per policy laid by me,i don't look into transfers.
railway board empowered for same https://t.
co/wsqxingx1u  suresh prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) 8 january 2017raj tweeted saying he has filed three rtis but has not got a response.
he chose to describe his situation as banwas or exile, the same word swaraj had used to respond to a man from the us trying to get his wifes passport cleared.
ohh !
this banwas should end soon.
@cpvindia https://t.
co/w4cqrytmis  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) 8 january 2017the external affairs ministry has recently launched a twitter seva to enable timely, transparent and large-scale response to citizens tweets in real time.
the twitter seva service will be supported by 198 twitter accounts of indian missions abroad and 29 regional passport offices.
swaraj was named in the global thinkers of 2016 list compiled by the foreign policy magazine.
the magazine recalled how, when around 10,000 indian workers in saudi arabia faced a food crisis earlier this year due to job losses, swaraj tweeted about the issue to six million followers on the social media website.
it is a moment of immense happiness for me, said kulwant singh, 60, looking relieved after receiving a call from the external affairs ministry on tuesday morning, informing him about the return of his wife, sukhwant kaur, who was sold and tortured in saudi arabia for five months.
i had lost all hope of seeing her again in this life, said singh, who earns rs 250 a day by working as a labourer at a construction site.
i thank the almighty, he said.
thanks for bringing this to my notice.
sukhwant kaur is returning home on 31 may 2017 at 0415 hrs by flt g9406.
https://t.
co/josfcmfja8  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 30, 2017sukhwant, 55, returns on wednesday, a fortnight after hindustan times highlighted her plight.
union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on tuesday morning that sukhwant, a resident of ajtani village in nurmahal, was returning from saudi arabia on wednesday.
sukhwant kaur (photo: family album)in january, sukhwant left for saudi arabia on a three-month visa procured by a delhi-based agent.
sukhwant was in trouble.
she wanted to return but her passport was with the travel agent, who has disappeared now, kulwant singh said.
on may 7, my wife called me up from a hospital in hail city of saudi arabia.
she said the travel agent had sold her to a local resident and she was forced to work as a slave in his house and was being treated badly and even tortured, he said.
jagdish singh, a former sarpanch of ajtani village, said that he received a call from the ministry at 11.
14 am on tuesday informing him that sukhwant was coming to mumbai in a flight from saudi arabia at 4.
15am on wednesday.
kulwant singh talked to vijay p dwivedi, additional personal secretary to swaraj, and requested him to arrange a flight ticket for sukhwants arrival in amritsar as he had no money to go to mumbai.
the couples eldest daughter and a mother of two, ranjeet kaur, who had been running from pillar to post to get her mother back burst into tears of happiness after hearing the news that she will be able to see her mother on wednesday.
i was not able to meet my mother before she left for saudi arabia but i will be there tomorrow to welcome her back, ranjeet kaur said.
a canadian social worker on a bicycle tour of bastar has gone missing in chhattisgarhs maoist-affected sukma district on monday, according to the state police.
police say john szlazak, who was cycling across india, generated an emergency alert on a gps device installed in his cycle on monday.
the last location of john was traced near singanmadgu of south sukma, near the odisha border.
he was in south sukma, which is the most-dangerous part of bastar, without any intimation.
siganmadgu is a hotbed of maoists, hence we have launched a search operation in the area, special director general (anti-naxal operations) dm awasthi told hindustan times.
police said that the 25-year-old john reached mumbai on february 14 on a tourist visa.
on march 14, he left mumbai for chhattisgarh on a bicycle and his travel was planned by a city travel agent, sources said.
they added that john is a member of a canadian organisation, immigration refugees and citizenship.
meanwhile, sources claim that the police have traced johns whereabouts.
apparently, the lower cadre of maoists  jan militia -- have detained him due to a communication problem on both sides.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that she had spoken to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik and said john had gone missing from odishas koraput district, which borders sukma.
the minister also sought a detailed report from chhattisgarh government, which the officials concerned have submitted on tuesday afternoon.
pakistans ambassador to france, mueen-ul-haq, has been named the countrys new high commissioner to india.
mueen is a career diplomatic and previously served as the chief of protocol at the foreign office.
the post of high commissioner to india fell vacant after sohail mehmood was appointed the foreign secretary in march.
prime minister imran khan on monday approved the appointments of over two dozen ambassadors in various countries, india and china.
the appointments were long due as several pakistani missions were without envoys since the pakistan tehreek-e-insaf (pti) government took charge last august.
qureshi said naghmana hashmi, career diplomat, was being sent to china.
the minister expressed hope that these ambassadors will play a pivotal in promoting the soft image of pakistan.
foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi on monday held a detailed meeting with pm khan, who formally approved the new appointments.
mueen-ul-haq takes over at a time when there is a chill in the bilateral ties.
indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and qureshi are expected attend a two-day meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation beginning tuesday in kyrgyz capital bishkek, though new delhi has ruled out the possibility of a bilateral engagement on the sidelines.
four members of a sikh family, including a relative visiting from punjab were found shot dead at their home in west chester, ohio state sunday night, police said.
west chester police chief joel herzog told reporters the victims were found by another relative who called the police.
my wife and my family are bleeding .
.
.
theyre on the ground and theyre bleeding, the family member said on the 911 call that was released by the police.
the matter is under investigation by the police but it is not a hate crime.
our consul general in new york is coordinating with the concerned authorities and will keep me informed, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
west chester police had not identified the victims, but a local news publication, the enquirer, reported they were hakikat singh panag, his wife paramjit kaur, their adult daughter shalinder kaur and his sister-in-law amarjit kaur.
the 911 call is believed to have been made by panags son-in-law.
police have not given details or the motive of the crime.
there were no indications if it was hate crime.
no suspect has been identified.
an official of the local guru nanak society of greater cincinnati, which held a prayer service monday, said that the victims had been shot in the head.
the official also said one of the victims was a relative visiting from punjab, india, probably amarjit kaur.
children of separated or divorced women should be able to get their degree and caste certificates without having to disclose their fathers names in the application forms, union women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi has said.
gandhi has written to her counterparts in the human resource development (hrd) and social justice and empowerment ministries, requesting a change in guidelines to ensure that divorced women are not denied their rights.
at present, wards of separated or divorced women are required to disclose their fathers identities in application forms to avail of degree and caste certificates.
the move comes close on the heels of the nda government amending passport rules to do away with an official requirement for single mothers and divorcees to get their husbands signature as well as a no-objection certificate while applying for their childrens passport.
breakdown of marriage and separation of husband and wife are now a reality that we cannot ignore.
but women in such situations often do not get their rights and entitlements due to certain loopholes in the procedures/law, gandhi said in her letter.
gandhi wrote to hrd minister prakash javadekar after receiving several complaints about divorced and separated women facing problems in obtaining degree certificates for their children without naming their father in application forms.
she has shot off a similar letter to social justice minister thawar chand gehlot regarding caste certificates.
the wcd minister said she saw no reason to deny divorced women this facility if they didnt want their children to know about their biological father while growing up.
keeping in view the (sentiments) of the single/separated mother, we need to make a provision for this purpose by changing the rules/guidelines.
i shall be grateful if you would look into this matter for an early resolution, gandhi said in her letters to javadekar and gehlot.
it was on gandhis request that the ministry of external affairs had earlier decided to streamline passport norms for single women.
the wcd minister took up the matter with foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj after priyanka gupta, a delhi-based single mother, launched an online campaign against the authorities demand that she disclose her estranged husbands name while applying for her daughters passport.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday jumped into the vitriolic battle of words between prime minister narendra modi and west bengal chief miniser mamata banerjee with some advice for the firebrand west bengal leader.
in a tweet, she wrote, mamataji, you have crossed all limits today.
you are the chief minister of a state while modiji is the prime minister of the country.
tomorrow you have to talk to him only.
i would like to remind you of a couplet by bashir badr: rage all you want, but keep in mind that tomorrow if we become friends, dont be ashamed.
swaraj was reacting to a statement by the trinamool congress chief that she would like to give the prime minister a tight slap of democracy.
-       .
.
.
:       ,         .
that is why when narendra modi came to bengal and accused my party of being tolabaaz, i wanted to give him a tight slap of democracy.
tolabaaz is a bengali term to describe organised extortion.
mamatas outburst was in reaction to the prime ministers claim that her government was following the triple t rule: trinamool, tolabaazi and tax.
continuing her tirade against the pm, mamata banerjee said, before accusing the tmc of engaging in tolabaazi, the prime minister should make public how much money he earned from demonetisation.
on monday, banerjee had said monday that she wished his fabled 56-inch chest would double to 112 inches as she wants everybody to be in good health.
he has a good figure, i want it to get better; i will be happy if 56-inch becomes 112-inch.
i want everybody to be in good health, she said at an election rally in west bengal.
in this electoral campaign, both the leaders have been trading names with the pm referring to her as speed breaker didi and mamata responding to him with the title expiry pm.
an indian man, who was assaulted by a group of teenagers at a restaurant in australias hobart city, said the racial mood was changing in the country and assaults, ethinc slurs are becoming more common, and the increasing racial hostility could stem from the donald trump effect.
li max joy, who hails from kerala and works as a part-time taxi driver, was attacked by a group of five youngsters at mcdonalds restaurant in north hobart on saturday.
they hurled racial abuses like you bloody black indians at him and assaulted him, reported the mercury newspaper.
the 33-year-old victim said the teenagers were arguing with the mcdonalds manager when he reached the restaurant to have coffee, but turned their anger on him when they noticed him.
they were angry at the mcdonalds staff but turned their anger on me in the car park and then inside the store, he said.
joy said he was punched 30 to 40 times.
three of those boys punched me in the face and said, you bloody black indian ****, why are you here?
, li told australias sbs television network.
joy was admitted to a hospital with serious wounds.
he was later discharged and he reported the incident to the police.
the racial mood is definitely changing.
it is continuous now.
many other drivers have been abused but not everyone reports it to the police.
joy said he has been living in hobart for eight years with his family and also narrated another such incident that happened with him a week ago.
last week in glenorchy, i was waiting for a fare when a primary-school aged boy put water in his mouth and then came over to the car window and spat it out on me, joy said.
joy also sent a detailed email to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the incident.
another taxi driver was assaulted by four men in a racial attack in hobart in june last year.
india on monday ruled out any meeting between prime minister narendra modi and his pakistani counterpart nawaz sharif when the two will be in kazakhstan this week, and asserted that pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj).
taking a tough stance on ties with pakistan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said talks and terror cannot go together while articulating strategy of india which was based on three pillars in dealing with that country.
she also emphasised that india was engaged with other countries on the issue of cross-border terrorism.
she was asked if modi and sharif will meet on the sidelines of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit at astana, kazakhstan on june 8-9.
asked about reported remarks of a pakistani law officer that islamabad will take the kashmir issue to icj after india approached the global court in kulbhushan jadhav case, the minister said, pakistan cannot take kashmir issue to icj.
the shimla agreement and lahore declaration are very clear on kashmir issue that it can only be resolved bilaterally.
the two countries are bound by these bilateral agreements.
she also referred to some cases pending at other courts such as hyderabad nizam funds case in the uk court and issues pertaining to indus waters treaty before the world bank.
rejecting suggestions that the government had a flip- flop policy in handling pakistan, she said india is very clear that it wants to hold dialogue, resolve all issues bilaterally without mediation from any third country, organisation or anyone else.
but at the same time terror and talks cannot go together.
the minister also emphasised that the government was asking other countries not to see cross-border issue or terrorism emanating from pakistan from the prism of india but see if the international terrorism was in anyway linked with that country.
finally, where was osama bin laden found?
in pakistan, she said, adding it was time to finalise the comprehensive convention on international terrorism at the un and define terrorism.
on pakistans contention that it will raise jurisdiction on the merit of the jadhav case, she said india has a very strong argument and it will win the case.
she also made it clear that indias case was based on pakistans violation of vienna convention under which consular access was not only essential but compulsory.
india has made 16 requests to pakistan to grant access to jadhav, who was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on charges of involvement in espionage and sabotage activities against the country.
pakistan claims its security forces arrested him from its restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
however, india maintains that he was kidnapped from iran where he had business interests after retiring from the navy and approached icj to save his life.
hoshiarpur pakistani nationals babar ali, 16, and his younger brother ali raza were handed over to pakistani officials on monday after languishing at separate juvenile homes in hoshiarpur and faridkot for almost a year.
the two brothers had strayed into indian territory inadvertently in july last year.
they had completed their sentence of 45 days, as awarded by the juvenile justice board, amritsar in august but due to diplomatic hitches, they could not be repatriated.
in may this year, hoshiarpur mla sunder sham arora wrote to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking her intervention in the case.
on monday, hoshiarpur dc vipul ujjwal received repatriation orders from the ministry following which babar was immediately released and escorted to attari border .
as soon as we got the orders, we made arrangements for the boys return, said ujjwal.
the mea was under impression that both the brothers were lodged in hoshiarpur but when clarified, it got in touch with faridkot administration and facilitated razas release also, he informed.
as per the information, the boys had been duly handed over to the pakistan rangers, he said.
the shiv sena told the indian government not to get excited over the international court of justices ruling in the in the kulbhushan jadhav case until the indian national is brought back home safely.
it, however, hailed the external affairs ministrys efforts to secure the release of the former navy officer, who was sentenced to death by a military court in pakistan on espionage charges.
pakistans arguments have been decimated at the hague.
but, the fight has not ended yet.
we cannot forget the handiwork of pakistan and even sarabjit singhs murder in a lahore jail.
that is why the government should not get excited over the icj order.
it should remember that its worries wont end until kulbhushan jadhav is brought back safely, reads an editorial in the partys mouthpiece saamana.
it said the meas diplomatic moves were instrumental to the case.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had been had assured us in the very beginning that india would do all it could to save jadhavs life.
she needs to be congratulated, it says.
the icj order has come as a great relief to the familly of kulbhushan jadhav and people of india.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 18, 2017i compliment my team of officers in the mea for their tireless efforts and hard work.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 18, 2017the shiv sena also praised indian lawyer harish salve, saying the effective manner in which he presented his case led to the verdict in the countrys favour.
on may 18, the icj instructed pakistan to take all necessary measures at its disposal to ensure that jadhav was not executed pending a final decision.
a woman from nurmahal subdivision in this district, who had gone to saudi arabia on a three-month tourist visa in january this year, was sold and tortured there, her husband alleged on monday.
my wife sukhwant kaur is in trouble.
she wants to come back home but her passport is with a travel agent who has disappeared now, kulwant singh told hindustan times.
in january, sukhwant, 55, a resident of ajtani village of nurmahal, was taken to saudi arabia on a three-month visa by a delhi-based agent.
kulwant said his wife was in contact with him over phone for a week after she landed in dubai.
but a few days later, her phone got switched off and the agent also did not attend his calls.
sukhwant kaur (photo: family)on may 7, my wife called me up from a hospital in hail city of saudi arabia.
she said the travel agent had sold her to a local resident and she was forced to work as a slave in his house and was being badly treated and even tortured, he said.
he said sukhwant has been in the hospital for the past four days and under trauma due to mental and physical torture suffered by her.
the lady got admitted to the hospital with several internal and external injuries, a kerala-based nurse attending on her, who sought anonymity, told ht over phone.
meanwhile, the indian embassy in saudi arabia has assured all possible help to the family after kulwant made an appeal to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on twitter.
besides sushmaswaraj swaraj, i have requested the state government to extend its help in bringing my wife back to india safely, kulwant said.
he said he has also submitted a complaint to the district senior superintendent of police (ssp) against the travel agent.
opposition parties raised in parliament on tuesday the issue of former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhavs death sentence by a pakistan military court.
the court, which passed the sentence on monday, charged jadhav with being a r&aw agent who was fuelling the baloch separatist movement and attempting to sabotage the $46-billion china-pakistan economic corridor.
india denied the charge, and said the hanging will be premeditated murder if carried out.
new delhi also summoned pakistani high commissioner abdul basit and handed over a demarche describing the court proceedings as farcical and put on hold the release of several pakistani prisoners, scheduled for wednesday.
here are the updates from parliament:12.
10pm: a senior pakistan leader has himself expressed doubts about adequacy of claims in this case, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tells lok sabha12.
there is no evidence of wrong-doing by him.
12.
03pm:hindustan ke iss bete ko bachane ke liye acha vakeel khada karna toh bohot chhoti baat hai, hum president tak bhi baat karenge: eam swaraj  ani (@ani_news) april 11, 201712.
03pm: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tells rajya sabha the government will go out of the way to save him, calls kulbhushan jadhav a son of india.
11.
11.
55am: there is no evidence of any wrongdoing by kulbhushan jadhav.
11.
52am: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj makes a statement in rajya sabha on pakistans death sentence to kulbhushan jadhav.
11.
46am:protest near pakistan high commission in new delhi against death sentence given to #kulbhushanjadhav pic.
twitter.com/oa9w0ijj5i  ani (@ani_news) april 11, 201711.
35am: the indian government will do whatever possible for kulbhushan jadhav, want to assure all that justice will be done with him, home minister rajnath singh tells lok sabha.
11.
32am: kulbhushan jadhav had a valid indian visa, how can he be a spy?
consular access also been denied: says singh.
11.
30am: home minister rajnath singh makes a statement in lok sabha over pakistans death sentence to kulbhushanjadhav.
11.
18am: bjps anurag thakur demands parliament should adopt a resolution condemning pakistan.
a message should from this house that pakistan is a terror nation, he said.
11.
10am: congress shashi tharoor demands india should raise the matter at the international level, as pakistan has violated the geneva convention by denying consular access to jadhavthere are countries who have financed pakistan.
they should be told that if this thing has happened to an indian national today, it can happen to their national as well.
this is a serious matter.
we should take it up as world forum as well, tharoor said.
11.
08am: aimims asaduddin owaisi says the government should use its influence and try to bring kulbhushan jadhav back safe.
11.
07am: pakistan military court is a banana court where they have given a judgement without any evidence: owaisi.
11.
04am: the entire house is with kulbhushan jadhav, home minister will reply on the issue, says union minister ananth kumar in lok sabha.
11.
02am: kharge says if the government is unable to save him, it will reveal weakness on its part.
11.
01am: if he is executed, we will consider it premeditated murder, says congress mallikarjun kharge.
11am: congress raises the issue of death sentence to kulbhushan jadhav by pakistan, in lok sabha.
a canadian social worker on a bicycle tour of bastar who had gone missing in chhattisgarhs maoist-affected sukma district has been detained by some junior maoists for questioning in a village siganmadgu area, according to police sources.
a police officer tracking the disappearance of john szlazak said he was likely in the custody of a band of maoist foot soldiers known as sangham sadasyas, and they were frequently changing his location.
the sangham sadasyas are waiting for senior maoist leaders to question john because they are unable to understand him, the officer told ht.
szlazak, who was cycling across india, generated an emergency alert on a gps device installed in his cycle on monday.
his last location was traced near singanmadgu of south sukma, near the odisha border.
south sukma is considered the most dangerous part of bastar region and siganmadgu is a hotbed of maoists.
read more: canadian national goes missing in chhattisgarhs maoist-affected sukma districtread more: canadian national goes missing in chhattisgarhs maoist-affected sukma districtwe are not sending any search team because they can hurt john.
we are waiting for senior officers to decide, said the police officer.
police said 25-year-old john reached mumbai on february 14 on a tourist visa.
on march 14, he left mumbai for chhattisgarh on a bicycle and his travel plan was chalked out by a city travel agent, according to a source.
john is a member of a canadian organisation, immigration refugees and citizenship, the source added.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that she had spoken to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, and said john had gone missing from odishas koraput district, which borders sukma in chhattisgarh.
swaraj had also sought a detailed report from chhattisgarh government, which officials submitted on tuesday afternoon.
the government-run all india radio (air) has received messages from its listeners in pakistan against the move to execute indian national kulbhushan jadhav, an official with the broadcasters external services division claimed on thursday.
air has been broadcasting a number of programmes -- such as news, press review, commentary and panel discussions -- highlighting the former indian navy officers case to the radio listeners in pakistan since the issue came to light.
we are getting between 100 to 140 messages daily condemning the decision of the pakistan military court, an official with airs external services division said.
a pakistani military court has sentenced jadhav to death in an alleged espionage case, nearly a year after he was arrested by security officials in balochistan.
air broadcasts a number of programmes in various languages -- including urdu, balochi, pashto, punjabi, sindhi and saraiki -- in pakistan and afghanistan.
the official said the listeners of all the languages are sending messages through emails and whatsapp to air.
the gist of the messages are that the people are considering this act of pakistan as unislamic as punishing innocent is against the tenets of islam.
travellers are given high regards in islam, the official added.
he said the messages also highlight the concerns of the listeners on people to people contact and relation between the two countries if jadhav is executed.
air runs various programme to highlight indias point of view on different issues through its network for listeners in pakistan.
india has warned pakistan to consider the consequences on their ties if jadhav is hanged.
an inter-ministerial panel headed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has cleared a proposal making district magistrates the final authority to clear child adoption cases, in a bid to quicken a process that is often hit by year-long delays, three government officials aware of the development said.
at present, prospective adoptive parents have to go to civil or family courts to get the final go-ahead after completing all other formalities related to adoption.
but with pendency high in civil and family courts, people familiar with the adoption process say it is not easy to get a date for hearing.
the sushmaswaraj swaraj-led group of ministers has cleared the union women and child (wcd) ministrys proposal to amend the juvenile justice (care and protection of children) act, 2015 and incorporate a clause allowing courts of district magistrate to pass the adoption order, said one of the officials cited above.
the adoption of children is covered by the juvenile justice (jj) act.
the ministry has sent the proposal to cabinet this week for approval.
we have proposed to change the definition of court in section 2 of the jj act from civil court to court of district magistrate, added the official, who asked not to be named.
deepak kumar, ceo of the central adoption research authority (cara), a statutory body to monitor and regulate in-country and inter-country adoptions, said that 800 to 850 adoption cases are pending in civil and family courts at any given time.
though the jj law mandates that courts have to dispose of adoption cases within two months from the date of filing of application, seldom does it happen.
there are cases that have been pending for more than a year also, kumar said, adding that the move to empower district magistrates (dms) would bring down the time to approve adoption cases to two months.
explaining how it would expedite the process, kumar said, the dm is on the ground implementing the adoption process.
the child welfare committees, which does the verification of prospective parents, comes under him.
so source verification and other processes can get completed much faster under dms.while a total of 3,276 children were adopted in india between april 2017 and march this year, the inter-country adoption figure was 651.
at the same time, the number of prospective parents waiting to adopt children went beyond 15,000.
though there is no official data, surveys by non-government organisations say there are approximately 50,000 orphans in the country, and suggest that a much higher number of children should be up for adoption.
a former central government employee, who did not want to be named, said that it took her a little over two years to complete the process of bringing her adopted daughter home.
it took me four months to get the court clearance.
but mine was an exception.
i was in the government; i knew the rules, had contacts and used it to get the court case expedited.
during the course of my visit to the varanasi family court, where my case was going on, i got to know of parents who have been waiting for over a year to get the approval, said the official, who left her job in 2016 to take care of her daughter.
the government adopted an exhaustive framework in 2015 to plug the holes in the system, but the adoption figures continue to low because of the delay in getting legal clearances.
but child rights activists cautioned that the changing the process was fraught with risks.
at least there were adequate checks and balances at the moment.
that may not be the case now.
in the name of making it more effective and expeditious, we will make children more unprotected in a country where so many children go missing every year, said enakshi ganguly, co-founder of child rights group haq.
a special cbi court in panchkula sentenced three people to life imprisonment on friday for sexually exploiting minors at apna ghar, a childrens shelter in rohtak.
special cbi judge jagdeep singh awarded the life term to main accused jaswanti devi, son-in-law jai bhagwan and driver satish.
jaswantis brother, jaswant, was awarded seven years imprisonment.
three other accused  jaswantis daughter sushmaswaraj as well as employees sheela and veena  were let off with time served.
two more employees, roshini and r parkash saini, were released on probation.
the apna ghar case pertained to the sexual and physical abuse of inmates at the shelter, which included minors, adults and differently abled girls.
the judge had convicted the accused on april 18 after taking various pieces of evidence and the victims testimony into account.
the accused faced multiple charges, including rape, gang rape, immoral trafficking, causing grievous hurt, molestation, performing abortions without consent, and cruelty towards minors.
many of them could not be proved.
the accused were arrested by the central bureau of investigation in 2012, following a raid by the national council for the protection of child rights.
.
.
the safety of our people is our top priority.
the minister was responding to concerns flagged by mps after she made a statement on recent incidents of attacks in the us.
the comments were greeted with applause in the house.
on february 22, indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla, 32 working for a gps-device maker was shot dead by a us national in kansas while another indian alok madasani was injured in the shooting.
on march 2, a us national of indian origin, harnish patel, was shot dead near his house in south carolina by unknown attackers.
and two days later, another us national of indian origin was shot near seattle after being asked to leave the country.
the killings triggered outrage, with people voicing concern that us president donald trumps america first position on immigration and jobs has fuelled intolerance in the country.
we dont think its a law and order issue.
its not simple as that.
while kuchibhotlas case is being investigated as a hate crime, we are saying probe the other two cases also as hate crimes.
we are not treating it as law and order issue.
the minister went on to add that attacks were condemned by the us administration and the congress.
in a statement made in the house, the minister said the centre had taken up the issue with the us government at the highest level and conveyed deep concerns over the recent developments.
we have called for necessary measures to ensure the safety and security if indian diaspora and expeditions investigation into these incidents.
she said the foreign secretary had discussed the matter with senior us functionaries during his recent visit to the us from february 28 to march 3.
cpi-m member sitaram yechury said, if the incidents are a part of a growing trend, what is the government planning to do about it.
cpi member d raja said indians in the us were gripped by a sense of insecurity.
he said, hate is coming from the approach of the us administration.
we have strategic partnership with the us, but that should not stop us from raising our voice.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj informed her iranian counterpart javad zarif on tuesday that a decision on purchasing iranian oil in the face of us sanctions will be made after the conclusion of indias general election, people familiar with developments said.
iranian oil exports and tehrans approach to recent developments in the region, including tensions between iran and the us over the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa), or the iranian nuclear deal, figured in the discussions between zarif and swaraj.
zarif arrived in new delhi late on monday for a previously unscheduled visit to lobby for indias support against the backdrop of the iran-us tensions.
he last visited india in january, and the current trip was organised at short notice at zarifs request, the people cited above said.
when zarif raised the purchase of oil from iran, swaraj reiterated indias position that a decision will be made after the general elections while keeping in mind the countrys commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests, the people said.
the us decision to end exemptions to sanctions on iranian oil imports on may 2 has hit india.
tehran was among new delhis top three energy suppliers, providing 23.
6 million tonnes of oil last year, or about 10  of the countrys energy needs.
the sanctions were imposed after president donald trump unilaterally withdrew the us from the 2015 nuclear deal between iran and world powers.
zarif briefed the indian side on irans approach to developments in the region, including on jcpoa, and also reviewed bilateral cooperation.
the outreach to india, he explained, was part of irans consultations with key countries, including russia, china, turkmenistan and iraq, over the past few days.
the impact of the sanctions on iranian oil exports, the countrys main revenue earner, prompted tehran to threaten last week that it would roll back its compliance with the nuclear deal.
zarif referred to president hassan rouhanis announcement on may 8 about iran keeping larger amounts of enriched uranium and heavy water, instead of exporting the excess as required under the jcpoa.
he also mentioned the 60-day timeline given to the eu3 (france, germany, the uk) and other parties to the jcpoa (china and russia) for restoring oil exports and banking channels.
the indian side, the people said, reiterated its position that new delhi would like all parties to the jcpoa to continue to fulfil their commitments and engage constructively and resolve issues peacefully through dialogue.
both sides expressed satisfaction at the operationalisation of an interim contract between india ports global limited (ipgl) and irans ports and maritime organization (pmo) for the development chabahar port.
they also discussed afghanistan and agreed to maintain close coordination on the evolving situation, the people said.
shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on wednesday demanded strict action against pakistan where a court awarded death penalty to indian national kulbhushan jadhav.
a pakistani military court on monday awarded death sentence to jadhav after declaring him a spy.
merely expressing feelings or threatening pakistan of consequences will not work now.
now is the time for direct action to teach them a permanent lesson.
jadhav has to be brought back at the earliest, thackeray told reporters at his residence matoshree in suburban bandra.
he said the sena was criticised when it protested the welcoming of pakistani politicians and artistes in india, but after events such as the awarding of death penalty to jadhav, the nationalism of people suddenly springs up.
notably, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday made a statement in both the houses of parliament, asserting that india will go out of way to ensure justice to jadhav who is an innocent kidnapped indian.
asked about the fate of sena-bjp relations after his party attended the nda constituents meet in new delhi earlier this week, thackeray said, relations are going in the right direction at a snails pace.
concerned over the reported killing of an indian fisherman and arrest of many by the sri lankan navy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will meet aggrieved fishermen from tamil nadu, commerce and industry minister nirmala sitharaman has said.
the fishermens representatives wanted to meet officials of the external affairs ministry.
but the government has made arrangements for them to meet the external affairs minister herself.
she (swaraj) has come back to parliament after recovering and is ready to meet them, sitharaman told reporters at the ongoing international engineering sourcing show organised by eepc india on thursday.
she said the centre is taking efforts at every level to resolve the issue.
asked about a timeline for such resolution, the minister said that since it involves another country (sri lanka) and its fishermen, many factors should be taken into consideration.
on the protests on jallikattu, sitharaman said whether it is jallikattu or the fishermens issue, people have taken to such a recourse because there is a gap between the people and their representatives which needs to be bridged.
the purported killing of the fisherman by the sri lankan navy and arrests of several others have prompted india to raise the issue with lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe.
bridgo, 22, from thangachimadam in central rameswaram of tamil nadu, was allegedly shot dead earlier this month when he was fishing in a mechanised boat off the katchatheevu islet, triggering protests in the state.
besides, 24 indian fishermen were picked up by the sri lankan naval personnel on sunday for allegedly crossing the international maritime boundary line and fishing in the island nations territorial waters.
prime minister narendra modi was on thursday conferred with united arab emiratess highest civilian decoration, the order of zayed, awarded to those who contribute to international leadership in strengthening relations with the country.
we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendra modi, who gave these relations a big boost.
in appreciation of his efforts, the uae president grants him the zayed medal, sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, crown prince of abu dhabi and deputy supreme commander of the uae armed forces, announced on twitter.
as an international statesman, he (pm modi) has given a new direction to this (ties with the uae) relation and today indias relations with whole islamic world is at its best, a statement said.
watch: pm modi conferred with uaes highest civilian honouramong the past recipients of this award are russian president vladimir putin, former us president george w bush, french leader nicolas sarkozy and german politician angela merkel.
lauding modis role as the prime minister , the statement added: in india, he has given a government which is for all and includes everyone in such a diverse country having people with different religion, different language and different culture.
just a few days back, the uae had deported jaish-e-mohammed terrorist nisar tantray accused of being a key conspirator in the 2017 attack on the pulwama lethpora crpf camp.
tantrays deportation was seen as another example of deepening security cooperation with west asia countries over the last few years, particularly saudi arabia and uae.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed the announcement and tweeted saying this was in recognition of prime ministers stellar role in ushering in a new era of strategic partnership between the two countries.
i am extremely happy to welcome the announcement of order of zayed for a great son of india prime minister @narendramodi by his highness.
this is in recognition of prime ministers stellar role in ushering in a new era of strategic partnership with uae and the best ever relations with the islamic world.
on behalf of the people of india, i express our deep sense of gratitude to his highness the president, his highness the crown prince of uae for this great honour.
with this, you have honoured india and the people of india, she tweeted in a three-part series of tweets.
a 29-year-old woman, who was deserted by her nri husband, has sought the intervention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in getting him deported from new zealand.
though her husband, ramandeep singh, has been declared a proclaimed offender (po) by the punjab police, chand deep kaur has now sought help of the union minister, saying she wants to set an example so that no other nri cheats his wife.
i have sought swarajs help in getting my husband deported who is in new zealand, kaur, who is based in punjabs kapurthala, said on monday over phone.
she also wants the passport of her husband to be cancelled.
i want to set an example so that no other nri husband can ever dare to cheat a woman.
i also want stringent laws in place to check such men, she said.
she said she has received a call from the ministry to send relevant documents in connection with her case.
i want him back here for divorce so that i can start my life afresh, she said.
kaur got married to ramandeep, who was working as an accountant in auckland, in july 2015.
he returned to new zealand in august 2015, kaur said.
i stayed with him at his familys house in jalandhar, she said.
he again came back to india in december 2015 and returned to new zealand in january 2016, she said.
i spent just 40-45 days with my husband, she said.
she alleged that the behaviour of her in-laws changed after marriage.
they told me that they had disowned ramandeep so i should move back with my parents, kaur claimed.
i tried calling my husband but he did not respond.
i even tried to contact members of my in-laws family but they also refused to respond and blocked my number, she said.
kaur then lodged a complaint against her husband in august 2016.
he was booked under charges of criminal breach of trust among others.
a look out circular was also issued against ramanadeep, she said.
a police official in jalandhar said ramandeep was declared a po in february 2017.
sanctions and stents will be among the sources of contention at the coming india-us 2 + 2 strategic and economic dialogue in washington in the first week of july.
at the top of the list will be the uss sweeping countering americas adversaries through sanctions act (caatsa) that imposes sanctions on countries which trade with russia and iran.
a defiant new delhi also plans to announce its purchase of the triumf s-400 missile defence system from russia later this year.
caatsa gives exemptions for non-significant purchases and if russias behaviour is shown to change.
however, us defence industry sources say sanctions could kick in for purchases as low as $15 million.
the us is expected to point a finger at indias applied tariffs, which are nearly four times those of the us, the arbitrariness of indias price controls on medical device manufacturers, its new data localisation policies and the wto incompatibility of indian export subsidies.
india will also worry about the us review of its textile export privileges under the general system of preferences (gsp) programme.
the us will note indias own actions against medical devices and other exports are the reason for the review.
both indian and us officials admitted that with the sanctions issue coming out during an election year, a solution will be more difficult to reach.
however, new delhi believes the us has gone too far with caatsa.
it is being driven by the us congress and even president donald trump has expressed disapproval.
a number of us treaty allies such as indonesia, who use russian weapons, will be affected as will many us firms that buy parts and services from russia.
us industry has woken up to the problems with this law, said a us executive.
there is an expectation indias investments in the iranian port of chabahar will be exempted  as happened last time the us imposed sanctions on iran.
oil imports, however, are expected to decline but not fall to zero.
india may find it harder to ensure trade issues do not complicate strategic relations given the trump administrations mercantilist attitude.
washington is peeved india has complained about us plans to deny the spouses of h-1b visa holders the automatic right to work given that no other country grants such privileges, including india.
there is a sense in washington that prime minister narendra modi missed an opportunity when he told trump that india had reduced its tariffs on us-made harley-davidson motorcycles but cited a still absurdly high 50  tariff.
it was an opportunity to get india off trumps trade hit list.
instead trump publicly denounced modis offer and india remains in the presidents crosshairs.
the positive side is that there are a large number of leading lights in the trump administration, including pentagon chief jim matthis, secretary of state mike pompeo and national security advisor john bolton, who believe strongly in the us-india relationship and who will seek a managed solution to the fallout from caatsa.
non-resident indian (nri) men who wed in the country will have to compulsorily register their marriages within a week and update their marital status on their passports, central government officials said.
the decision by an inter-ministerial panel on wednesday is an attempt to prevent nri husbands abandoning their wives.
failure to update their marital status on passports can result in the document getting revoked, one of four officials said on condition of anonymity .
the group of ministers decided that necessary amendments will have to be made in the passport act to incorporate the changes, one of the officials added.
the panel was set up last year to review the legal and regulatory challenges faced by women deserted by nri husbands.
it comprises several ministers, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, law minister ravi shankar prasad, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi.
swaraj, singh, prasad and gandhi attended a meeting of the panel on wednesday.
the panel decided to make it mandatory for nris to register their marriages with registrars.
the law ministry has agreed to incorporate the necessary clause by amending the registration of births and deaths act, 1969, a second official said.
currently, only a handful of states, including punjab, which was the first to formulate such guidelines, make registration of nri marriages compulsory.
after wednesdays meeting, the law, home and external affairs ministries were asked to come up with draft legal amendments to give effect to decisions taken at the meeting.
the amendments will then go to the cabinet for approval, a third official said.
the panel could not arrive at a consensus on a proposal to attach the property of nris who desert their wives and fail to respond to repeated summons, the second official cited above said.
swaraj and gandhi had suggested that in case an nri who abandons his wife does not own any property, his share of parental property be seized, a fourth official said.
law ministry officials present in the meeting said the proposal to attach property is legally not tenable.
the ministerial panel has directed the law ministry to revisit the proposal and suggest what could be done within a week, said the fourth official.
the panel also decided to allow the ministry of external affairs to put up summons issued to nri men who have not responded to earlier summons on its website.
such notices are to be deemed to have been served.
the union home ministry has already agreed to amend the code of criminal procedure that will allow notification of summons put up on the website of the ministry of external affairs to be deemed to have been served.
the current practice is that once a woman lodges a complaint, the police write to embassies, which sends a summons notice.
but such summons hardly get served as the nri usually moves to a new place or provides an incorrect address.
the panel was set up after a sharp increase in the number of nri men deserting their wives after marrying them in india.
on december 21, minister of state for external affairs vk singh told parliament that indian missions abroad received 3,328 complaints from indian women about marital disputes with their nri spouses since 2015.
of this, 3,268 were addressed by providing counselling to the women, and guidance and information about procedures to address the complaints.
the complaints ranged from grooms disappearing soon after marrying women in india to husbands preventing their wives from travelling to india after seizing their passports; from husbands who abandoned their wives in another country to those who had sent their wives back home but were not giving up the custody of their children.
in comparison, the national commission for women, an autonomous body under the wcd ministry, recorded 346 complaints from women married to nris in 2014 (the latest year for which figures are available).
however, wcd ministry officials conceded that this figure does not reflect the real situation because few women come forward to lodge complaints.
these measures are good and long overdue.
but it will only help future cases.
what about the large number of women who have already been deserted by nri men?
is the government thinking of some measures to help them too?
we as a society have to take care of them also, said arvind kumar goel, retired judge and former chairman of punjabs state commission for nris.
bjp president amit shah on monday listed the steps taken by the narendra modi-led nda government to what he said brought india on the world stage and tackled several domestic issues plaguing the country.
amit shah was speaking at the event to release the bjps manifesto or sankalp patra just two days ahead of the lok sabha election 2019.
prime minister modi, union ministers rajnath singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj were among those present at the launch of the manifesto at the partys headquarters in new delhi.
the last five years from 2014 to 2019 were golden years for india.
it was for the first time after 30 years that a full majority government came.
despite a majority, we formed the nda government, amit shah said.
watch: nationalism, farmers, youth- focus of bjps 75-point manifestothere was a time india did not matter in front of the world and in the last five years, the entire world has taken cognisance of us, he said.
in five years, the government led by prime minister narendra modi has taken 50 major decisions for the betterment of the country and transformed the country, amit shah said.
the bjps manifesto was prepared after consulting six crore people.
when we came to power in 2014, our country was ranked as the 11th major economy and today, it stands as the fifth major economy, shah said.
we are going forward with 75 resolutions that we can fulfil by the year 2022 when india completes 75 years of independence, he added.
the ruling party focussed on pension schemes for small and marginal farmers and rashtriya vyapari ayog for the trading community, days after the congress vowed to bring about several welfare measures, including a grant of rs 72,000 to the poorest 20  households in the country, if voted to power.
the party also reiterated its promise of building the ram mandir made in the last elections, saying the temple will be built as soon as possible in a harmonious environment.
union home minister rajnath singh-led manifesto committee of the bjp had decided to form 15 sub-panels to reach out to the different group of voters in january this year.
the 20-member manifesto committee included union ministers arun jaitley, ravi shankar prasad, nirmala sitharaman, thaawarchand gehlot, piyush goyal, and mukhtar abbas naqvi.
it also has former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan, bihars deputy chief minister sushil modi, his uttar pradesh counterpart, keshav prasad maurya, among its members.
polling will be held in seven phases across the country from april 11 to may 19.
the results will be declared on may 23.
her only crime, as they say, was falling in love.
uzma ahmad met tahir ali, a pakistani citizen, in malaysia.
she travelled to his home in the neighbouring country on may 1, only to find that ali had four children from a previous marriage.
what followed was a wedding at gunpoint, sexual assaults, and a subsequent escape to the indian high commission.
she was brought back to india on thursday, after a brief legal battle.
its easy to go to pakistan, but tough to return.
pakistan is a well of death, a tearful uzma said upon her return.
entering the indian high commission wasnt easy.
in order to trick ali into taking her there, a couple working with the embassy in islamabad pretended to be her brother and sister-in-law.
it worked, because ali was a greedy man.
as the harassed woman went in to meet deputy high commissioner jp singh, ali waited outside.
a call was made to swaraj, but she was in the midst of a meeting.
singh then arranged for uzma to stay the night at the embassy.
when swaraj was contacted the next day, her immediate instruction was to verify uzmas credentials as an indian national.
her passport was thoroughly checked, and the address of a brother in india was verified.
once uzmas credentials were confirmed, embassy officials received an order from swaraj.
even if we have to keep her at high commission for a year or two, we will, it said.
embassy officials got in touch with pakistani authorities the next day, and they responded positively.
however, that was also when two new factors came into play  the international court of justice stayed the execution of suspected raw agent kuldeep jadhav, and ali began planning to go legal.
pre-empting the move, embassy officials approached the islamabad high court on may 12.
at the high commission, uzma was getting jittery.
ali would roam around the high commission with four aides, often flashing rifles at those guarding the building.
i dont want to go back to him, she told officials.
please feed me poison instead.
when the matter came up for hearing before the islamabad high court, armed guards escorted uzma to its premises in an embassy vehicle.
the judges ordered her return after a detailed hearing.
though swaraj wanted uzma back in india immediately, that could not happen.
high commission officials got a certified copy of the high court order around 2.
30 pm, just an hour before the wagah border gate was expected to shut.
realising that reaching before that was impossible, authorities decided to keep uzma at the embassy for one more day.
singh left with the woman for the border at 2.
30 am on may 24.
they reached wagah around 7.
30 am, two hours before the gate would open.
i dont want any more hassles before she gets back.
at 9.
30 am, uzma entered india again.
celebrations broke out soon after.
swaraj tweeted her welcome, and television channels relayed the good news across the country.
uzma met the union minister the next day, and broke down in her embrace.
i am here only because of sushmaswaraj maam.
she told me that i was hindustan ki beti, her daughter, and that i need not worry.
these words gave me strength when i was completely torn inside, she said, also thanking her bhaiya and bhabhi at the islamabad embassy for their help.
an agreement that improves road connectivity between the bay of bengal countries is in the process of being realised.
if it goes according to plan, the movement of traffic and trade will become easier between india, bangladesh, bhutan, myanmar, nepal, thailand, and sri lanka.
the bay of bengal initiative for multi-sectoral technical and economic cooperation (bimstec) is an international organisation of these seven nations and a motor vehicle agreement (mva) between them was finalised last month.
it will now be discussed internally and then at the bimstec meeting, which will be held in nepal later this year.
established in 1997, bimstec is a regional grouping of seven countries comprising 22  of the global population.
there are 14 sectors that have been identified as priority areas, with transport and communication getting top billing.
according to the mva, all vehicles from bimstec countries will require one permit to cross the border of a fellow bimstec member.
the permit may be obtained online.
once bimstec motor vehicle pact kicks in, the other road connectivity projects in the region, including those between india, myanmar and thailand, including the kaladan multimodal project and the trilateral highway project, will become part of the arrangement, said an official with the ministry of road transport and highways on condition of anonymity.
five countries of bimstec share a land border with india.
the petrapole border checkpoint between india and bangladesh in west bengal is the busiest land custom station in asia and handles more than 60  of indias border trade with bangladesh.
the raxual border checkpoint in bihar sees over 800 trucks cross over to nepal every day.
with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj signing a land crossing agreement with myanmar on friday, the bimstec mva becomes all the more important.
once signed, the agreement is expected to boost intra- and inter-regional trade by allowing seamless movement of passenger, personal and cargo vehicles between countries.
officials will discuss the mva at the bimstec summit slated for later this year in nepal.
each member country has its internal mechanisms for signing international treaties.
some countries need their parliament to ratify the pact before they sign it, said an official.
the draft text of the mva was drawn up by the first working group meeting that took place in india last month.
a second meeting of transport sector officials of the respective countries will meet again soon to discuss the details of the agreement again, said a senior official of the union road transport and highways ministry, who did not wish to be named.
a motor vehicle pact that eases movement of cargo and people between the countries has been attempted twice in the past.
at the 18th south asian association of regional cooperation (saarc) summit, held in 2014, india proposed an mva, which was opposed by pakistan and couldnt be passed.
in 2015, the bangladesh bhutan india nepal (bbin) mva was signed, but was rejected by the upper house of the bhutanese parliament.
the bimstec mva is the third attempt.
bjp president amit shah questioned rahul gandhi again on wednesday over his partys promise to repeal the sedition law and amend the controversial armed forces (special powers) act, accusing the congress president of indulging in vote bank politics.
this was the second time amit shah was lashing out at rahul gandhi on the two issues after he said on tuesday that the proposals by the congress party will bring a smile to terrorists and separatists and lower the morale of the armed forces.
several union ministers including arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj and nirmala sitharaman have slammed the congress of redefining and diluting the idea of national security and making promises that made traitors and separatists happy.
sitharaman on wednesday said that congress proposal to amend afspa was insidious and aimed at weakening the armed forces.
the defence minister said its manifesto clearly undermined the armed forces and if implemented would make the armed forces hands and feet tied so that they cannot function.
rahul should answer who is he trying to save by promising to abolish the sedition law from crpc (), amit shah said while addressing an election rally in uttarakhands uttarkashi district.
also read: lok sabha elections 2019: jaitley, swaraj lead bjp charge, say cong diluted national securityis rahul trying to save those who shouted the slogans bharat tere tukde honge hazaar injnu?
is he trying to save those who want to break this country by including the promise of abolishing sedition law in congress poll manifesto released on tuesday?
he asked.
the congress should not stoop so low for vote bank politics.
there are other issues for politics, he said.
shah also attacked gandhi for his poll alliance with national conferences omar abdullahs who on tuesday demanded a separate prime minister for jammu and kashmir state.
gandhi is standing with abdullah and his party who demands a separate pm for kashmir.
he is standing with abdullah whose party leaders raise slogans of pakistan zindabad.
he should come forward and answer the public if he agrees with abdullahs statement, amit shah said.
also read: omar defends statement on j&k wazir-e-azam, asks pm modi to study historyciting the congress partys promise to remove afspa in its election manifesto, shah also lashed out at gandhi by accusing him of not wanting the security of army jawans.
by promising to do so, congress is endangering the security of our jawans.
i want to say the entire congress party doesnt have the calibre to do so.
the bjps members would bet their lives to stop the congress from endangering the lives of our jawans, he said.
he then went on to claim that only the narendra modi government an ensure the security of the country and help india grow among the top five economies of the world.
earlier during his address, he claimed that after the february 14 pulwama attack it was the modi government at the centre to launch the airstrikes on the jaish-e-mohammed terror camp in pakistans balakot.
first after doing the surgical strikes, modi government did the air strikes as revenge to pulwama attacks which claimed the lives of 40 crpf jawans.
congress would have never done that what the modi government did, he said.
he also mocked gandhi during his address saying that the entire country was celebrating after the iaf airstrikes except for rahul gandhi.
his upset face was similar to only the pakistani pm, shah taunted.
continuing his attack on congress party on their promise to alleviate poverty, he said the grand old party has failed to do so in the 60 years of their rule.
first it was nehru who promised it, then indira gandhi raised a slogan of gareebi hatao.
then rahul gandhi said the same in english followed by his mother in italian.
and now, again he is making the same false promise.
only modi government is capable of poverty alleviation, he added.
during his address, he commended chief minister trivendra singh rawat for his development work in the hill state and termed the all-weather road as the destiny line of uttarakhand.
it would bring tremendous development for the people here and enable easy transport for the pilgrims coming to visit the four shrines collectively known as char dhams, he said.
the five lok sabha seats in uttarakhand will go to polls in the first round of voting on april 11.
and, the result will be declared on may 23.
top indian experts feel that there wouldnt be a dearth of lawyers to represent jadhav but warn that many might be unwilling to challenge the powerful pakistani army establishment.
here are the top four pakistani lawyers that india can tap to save jadhav from the gallows:asma jehangir: a noted human rights lawyer and activist, jehangir is a former president of the pakistani supreme court bar association and is considered a top name in defence of human rights in the neighbouring country.
ansar burney: a veteran lawyer and activist, burney is also a formal federal minister for human rights and has worked with the united nations.
he has worked prominently on rights of prisoners and has railed against the death penalty.
jibran nasir: a young lawyer and activist, nasir shot into the spotlight for taking on clerics and religious extremists in the aftermath of the peshawar school shooting that left 150 people dead.
aitzaz ahsan: a former president of the supreme court bar association and leader of the lawyers movement that who defended the then suspended chief justice of pakistan against corruption charges.
responding to concerns expressed in rajya sabha by prominent opposition leaders sharad yadav (jd-u), sitaram yechury (cpi-m) and anand sharma (congress), who were supported by deputy chairman pj kurien, swaraj described the incident as unfortunate and said the centre has sought a report from the state government.
the moment i got information about the attack, i immediately sought a report from the uttar pradesh government.
i also talked to chief minister yogi adityanath and asked him for a public assurance of an impartial probe, she said.
unless the probe is complete, it will not be appropriate for me to say anything on the matter, she added.
the administration there is ensuring peace and security as well as treatment of the injured nigerian students.
i assure the parliament there will be an impartial probe and action will be taken against whoever is found guilty.
in abuja, olushola enikanolaiye, permanent secretary in nigerias foreign ministry, summoned indian envoy b nagabhushana reddy on wednesday and expressed displeasure over the attacks on nigerians and voiced concern that the incident was not the first of its kind.
i have just finished a meeting with the indian high commissioner where i expressed nigeria's displeasure with the attacks on nigerians.
pic.
twitter.com/feetmnwypi  sola enikanolaiye (@ps_mfanigeria) march 29, 2017abike dabiri-erewa, senior special assistant on diaspora to president muhammadu buhari, also condemned the attacks as deplorable and unwarranted.
she asked the indian government to ensure that any alleged suspect should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
in a statement, she called on nigerians in india to remain calm and be watchful of their surroundings.
her appeal followed multiple distress calls by nigerian students on concerns over their safety.
the violence erupted soon after a teenage boy died of a suspected drug overdose in greater noida and local residents blamed nigerians for supplying him narcotics.
five people have so far been arrested for the attacks on africans.
but enikanolaiye said the indian boy  17-year-old manish khari  was said to be on drugs and must have had an overdose of it which might have led to his death in a hospital.
he added, it is therefore, a concern to us that nigerian students in that place were harassed, beaten up and many of them were seriously injured.
the prosecution of those responsible is necessary to serve as a deterrent to others and to forestall future occurrences, he said.
such incidents should not happen in view of the excellent relationship between the two sides which have been great friends, he added.
enikanolaiye expressed concern that the latest incident was not the first of its kind.
he said, nigerians have suffered similar attacks in the past.
so, what we will like to see on this occasion is that the perpetrator should be arrested.
and we want to see diligent prosecution so that it would serve as a deterrent to those who think they can take laws into their hands and harass students who are going about their studies.
reddy described the incident as deplorable and said security personnel had been deployed in greater noida to ensure the safety of nigerians and other foreigners.
abike dabiri-erewa, the presidential aide, said she had been informed by charles kennedy, president of the nigerian students association in greater noida, that more police patrol vehicles have been deployed in the area.
he (kennedy) confirmed that the situation is calm and is pleased with the prompt actions of the nigerian charg daffaires in india and the indian government so far, she said.
the attacks continued to be widely reported in the nigerian media, with bella naija website sharing an unnamed nigerian students account of what had led to the violence.
five indian sailors have reportedly been abducted by pirates in nigeria.
this was revealed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a tweet.
in her tweet, she wrote that she had asked the indian ambassador in nigeria, abhay thakur, to take up the matter with the nigerian government to ensure the release of the abducted sailors.
i have seen news reports about abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in nigeria.
i am asking indian high commissioner to take this up at the highest level with government of nigeria for their release, she wrote on twitter.
she also asked for a report in the matter to be sent to her.
i have seen news reports about abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in nigeria.
i am asking indian high commissioner to take this up at the highest level with government of nigeria for their release.
abhay - please take this up and send me a report.
the minister also said the indian consulate in san francisco was helping the family of 26-year-old vikram jaryal, who was shot dead allegedly by two masked armed robbers.
the victim was only 26 years old and had reached us only 25 days back.
he was working at the gas station of a family friend.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 8, 2017jaryal, who worked as a clerk at am-pm gas station in yakima city, was behind the counter when the incident happened.
his family on friday sought swarajs help to bring his body back.
on 6 april two miscreants entered the shop at 1.
30 am.
they snatched cash from victim and shot on his chest.
this resulted in his death, swaraj tweeted.
we are coordinating with the investigative agencies.
they have got the cctv footage and are in the process of apprehending the culprits.
/4  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 8, 2017our consulate in san francisco is helping the family and following this up with the police authorities, she added.
jaryal was from hoshiarpur district in punjab.
in a suspected case of racial attack an indian taxi driver from kerala was attacked by group of teenagers in hobart in australias tasmania state early sunday.
li max, hailing from kottayam, had to be admitted to the royal hobart hospital with deep wounds on his face and chest.
li told his relatives that he was attacked without any provocation.
he said when he stopped his car near a mcdonalds outlet he saw three youths were arguing with an employee but they soon turned their ire on li.
among the three a big boy in black t shirt yelled racial abuses and attacked me without any provocation.
i was literally shocked.
soon two others also joined, raining blows on me.
before leaving they poured water on bleeding wounds, li told a malayalam news channel.
he said he had been was working in hobart for eight years and never gone through such a bitter experience.
while hitting me they were using choicest racial abuses.
nobody intervened when i was attacked and later they sped away in their vehicle, he said.
the racial mood is slowly changing in australia also.
many attribute this to trump effect but i dont know what exactly provoked them, he said adding recently another indian driver was humiliated in a similar fashion but he refused to file a police compliant.
li was discharged later in the day.
this is the second such incident in a week.
last sunday a priest from kerala, tomy kalathoor, was stabbed inside a church in melbourne while he was attending a sunday mass.
australian police later said the assailant was a mentally deranged.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had condemned the attack directed the indian consulate to render all help to the priest.
top ministers of the union cabinet are camping in the holy city of varanasi where prime minister narendra modi is a candidate.
their aim is to break the record for a victory margin in a seat modi won by a margin of 371,785 votes defeating the aam aadmi partys arvind kejriwal in 2014.
while railway minister piyush goyal has been camped in varanasi with up health minister sidharth nath singh and power minister shrikant sharma since may 13, wednesday saw external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in kashi for four hours to flag off a large scooter rally (for women) in favour of modi.
on thursday, information and broadcasting minister rajyavardhan rathore arrived in the constituency for door-to-door campaigning and minister of state for external affairs general v k singh is to join the battle on the last day.
although the bjp is fighting hard to create electoral space in west bengal, the party has not lost sight of its premium constituency with its president amit shah fine-tuning strategies.
shah flew down to varanasi after the north kolkata roadshow at midnight and then left for delhi for the press conference in protest of tmc violence at 3.
00am.
modi himself criss-crosses kashi airport virtually every day and keeps in touch with the political mood in varanasi.
also read | bjp, tmc, congress keep poll body busy over bengalgoyal, singh and sharma are in charge of sampark meetings; a total of 100 are scheduled between may 13 and may 17.
the ministers are using these meetings to engage with various communities and business groups and urging them to garner maximum votes for modi.
the roadshow of congress general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra on wednesday evening for party candidate ajay rai was well-attended, but no one seriously expects him to win.
the camp of the mahagatbandhans candidate shalini yadav wears a deserted look.
at one sampark meeting, the focus is on the work modi has done for his constituency.
the poor sections from all communities have been beneficiaries of pm modis awas (housing scheme), ayush and toilet schemes.
this has benefited the muslims too and hence there is no reason why varanasi should not vote for modi, said shankar rajbhar, who runs a business establishment near chowk.
also read | after backlash on godse a patriot remark, pragya thakur apologises to bjpthen, theres the fact that this is the constituency of the prime minister  something that hasnt been lost on many.
we will vote not to elect an mp but a prime minister, said shishir bajpayi, a bjp worker.
this is also the common refrain the city, even among some muslims.
bishkek: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi exchanged pleasantries during a sco meeting here on wednesday and sat next to each other during a joint call on on kyrgyz president, amid strained ties between the two nuclear-armed neighbours.
swaraj and qureshi attended the meeting of the council of foreign ministers (cfm) of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco), which was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
pakistani media reported that two leaders sat next to each other during a multilateral meeting of the foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation.
according to the photos published by the pakistani media, swaraj and qureshi were seen seated next to each other.
on being asked about the swaraj-qureshi meeting, the mea sources said the two leaders only exchanged pleasantries.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj delivers her statement at shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers in bishkek, kyrgyzstan.
( pti )there was no meeting between them, they said.
the picture of the two leaders is from a joint call on on kyrgyz president sooronbay jeenbekov, they said.
they said the pakistani media report that the two leaders were seated next to each other at the sco meeting is factually incorrect and misleading.
the seating arrangement at sco follows the russian alphabet system which does not put india and pakistan together.
this is a standard practise at sco meetings, they added.
swaraj arrived here in the kyrgyz capital on tuesday to attend the sco foreign ministers meeting.
india was granted the membership of the sco along with pakistan in 2017.
meanwhile, pakistans foreign office quoted qureshi as saying, today (i) met sushmaswaraj ji.
she had a complaint that we sometimes talk in a bitter manner.
she brought sweets today so we could also speak sweetly.
we made it clear to her that we want all the matters resolved through dialogue, and that prime minister imran khan had said in his very first speech that if india takes one step forward, we would take two steps forward, qureshi said.
he said, even today we are ready for a dialogue.
earlier in islamabad prior to his departure, qureshi said besides addressing the inaugural session of the regional forum, he would also hold meetings with his counterparts from other countries.
tensions between india and pakistan escalated after the february 14 pulwama attack by pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terror group which killed 40 crpf personnel.
amid mounting outrage, the indian air force carried out a counter-terror operation, hitting a jem training camp in balakot, deep inside pakistan on february 26.
the next day, pakistan air force retaliated and downed a mig-21 in an aerial combat and captured an indian pilot, who was handed over to india on march 1.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is known for her prompt response on twitter, on thursday assured two indians, one in the us and another in saudi arabia, of her help.
sushma swaraj assured ali, a man who has been seeking the help of the indian embassy in riyadh for the last one year for getting back to india.
khud kusi ki baat nahin sochte.
hum hain na.
hamari embassy aapki poori madad karegi.
@indianembriyadh - pls send me a report on this, she tweeted and asked authorities in the country to respond to his plea.
sir ek bat bateyn app log ki meri madat karsakte ho ki mujhe khud kusi karleni chahye taqreeban 12 maheeno se guhar laga raha hun main embassy se lekin embassy samjha rahi hai mere ko theek agar mujhe india bhejwa sakte ho to maher bani hogi kyun ki mere 4bacche bhi hain sir (sic), ali had tweeted.
'khud kusi' ki baat nahin sochte.
hum hain na.
hamari embassy aapki poori madad karegi.
@indianembriyadh - pls send me a report on this.
https://t.
co/aju8exyhak  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 18, 2019in another tweet, she thanked twitter user kshitij for pointing out the usage of outdated mode of payment sought for a document by the indian consulate general in san francisco.
@sushmaswaraj dear madam @cgisfo has a requirement that attestation be paid thru money order or cashiers check, in this age of digitalization why are goi ofc abroad insisting on outdated modes of payment?
atleast accept card, in india you do, why nt in us (sic), kshitij tweeted from his handle @indianatheart13.
thanks for bringing this to my notice.
we will examine this, was the ministers response.
thanks for bringing this to my notice.
we will examine this.
https://t.
co/sqqj0i0zfp  chowkidar sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 18, 2019sushma swaraj has proactively helped indians who have sent her distress messages on social media platform like twitter in the past.
she even helped an indian man in the us who had lost his passport in washington, just days before he was to travel for his wedding.
and in march, she responded to a tweet about her twitter account, saying it was not her ghost who handled it.
she was responding to a twitter user samit padhy, a software engineer, who posed a question on one of her tweets.
certainly its not sushmaswaraj swaraj who is doing this tweets.
some pr guy is doing his/her duty for what they being paid for, samit said in his tweet.
rest assured - its me, not my ghost, sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
two sufi clerics of the hazrat nizamuddin dargah in delhi, who had gone missing in pakistan last week, blamed a pakistani newspaper for publishing a misleading article that had led to their ordeal.
the duo arrived at the indira gandhi international airport on monday and went to pay obeisance at the shrine where they spoke to media.
they are scheduled to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at 2pm.
syed asif nizami, 82, and nazim ali nizami, 66, are members of the family of the sajjada nashin (hereditary administrators) of the shrine.
officials of home ministry met the two clerics after they returned to delhi on monday.
nazim nizami, sajjada nasheen of #hazratnizamuddin dargah talking to media at dargah @htdelhi pic.
twitter.com/nusjsdy2qg  parvez sultan (@theparvezsultan) march 20, 2017asif nizami said that ummat a pakistani publication by jamat e-islami had allegedly carried a misleading report about them and indicated that it had landed them in trouble.
pakistani newspapers carried a report saying nizamis are working for indian intelligence agency, said sajid nizami, son of asif nizami.
asif nizami, the head priest, and his nephew nazim nizami had gone on pilgrimage to pakistan on march 8.
they were reported missing on thursday (march 16) after their families were unable to contact them.
sajjada nasheen, who went missing in pakistan blamed a pakistani newspaper fo entire fiasco.
@htdelhi pic.
twitter.com/kjher9wkaq  parvez sultan (@theparvezsultan) march 20, 2017on saturday, swaraj had spoken to pakistan prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs, sartaj aziz, regarding the case.
later in the day, pakistan conveyed to india that the two missing clerics had been traced and that they had reached karachi.
on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to them.
i just spoke to syed nazim ali nizami in karachi.
he told me that they are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow (monday), she said in a tweet.
according to media reports in pakistan, the clerics had been in interior sindh where there was no communication network and thus could not inform their relatives about their whereabouts.
earlier, pakistani sources had said the two clerics were in the custody of pakistans intelligence agency over their alleged links with the muttahida qaumi movement (mqm).
the clerics were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport, lahore, sources claimed.
46 killed in landslide in himachal pradeshs mandi, pm modi condoles deathsat least 46 people were killed and 10 missing after a landslide triggered by a cloudburst swept away several vehicles and a busy highway stretch in himachal pradesh on sunday.
mandi deputy commissioner sandeep kadam said a team of national disaster response force (ndrf) and army dug through mounds of mud and stones to recover 46 bodies from the site.
apart from the 200-metre stretch of the mandi-pathankot highway, the landslide that took place around 1.
15am at kotrupi village swept away two buses of himachal road transport corporation (hrtc), two cars and a motorcycle.
five houses were also damaged.
read the story here.
gorakhpur hospital deaths: yogi adityanath warns of exemplary action, congress demands his resignationuttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath on sunday warned of exemplary punishment to those responsible for the death of at least 60 children in a government hospital here, as the opposition called it a massacre and demanded his resignation.
the centre, too, stepped in to contain the damage, approving a national virology research centre for gorakhpur, the lok sabha constituency of adityanath.
the state government blames japanese encephalitis and acute encephalitis syndrome for the tragedy and denies a cut in liquid oxygen supply by a private firm over delay in payment of rs 68 lakh caused the deaths.
read the story here.
gorakhpur deaths: doctor who was hailed as hero removed from brd hospital postdr kafeel khan, nodal officer and in charge of the encephalitis ward of the brd medical college, removed from the post on charges of dereliction of duty and carrying out private practice on sunday.
a day after he was reported as saving many encephalitis-affected children, he was accused of fabricating stories in the media to show himself as a saviour of children, medical college sources said.
khan, a paediatrician, and a former principal of the medical college, dr rk mishra, were responsible for ensuring a steady supply of oxygen cylinders in the medical college, hospital sources said.
read the story here.
mamata govt locks horns with centre over independence day celebrationsthe mamata banerjee-led west bengal government locked horns with the centre over how to celebrate independence day on august 15 in schools across the state.
the state government instructed schools to ignore a directive issued by the human resources development ministry asking education institutions to follow a format for i-d celebration.
the state government took the stand amid the controversy over bjp-led uttar pradesh government making it compulsory for madrasa students to sing the national song vande mataram on i-day.
hrd ministry has directed all educational institutions to conduct quiz contests, lectures and debates on the occasion.
the schools were advised to submit supporting video recordings of the celebrations by august 31, 2017.
read the story here.
burhan wanis successor among 3 hizbul militants killed in shopian; 2 soldiers deadin a blow to the hizbul mujahideen, three militants, including burhan wanis successor yasin itoo, were killed in an overnight gunfight that also left two soldiers dead in south kashmirs shopian district, police said on sunday.
a youth was killed in neighbouring pulwama when locals clashed with security forces as they were returning from the site gunfight, police late said in the evening.
the 40- year-old itoo alias mehmood gaznavi was named the commander of the home-grown militant outfit after wani was killed in july 2016.
certainly, it is a big elimination as he was one of the major protagonists in last years unrest, south kashmir deputy inspector general of police sp pani said.
read the story here.
want to set up patanjali factory in kashmir, says ramdevyoga guru ramdev said on sunday his consumer products company is in the process of acquiring land in jammu and kashmir to set up a unit there and would also offer jobs to youth in the state.
ramdev said patanjali is in the process of acquiring 150 acres of land in jammu and kashmir, and would be offering jobs to kashmiri youth.
he also called for boycott of chinese goods, saying that india is ready to counter china on every front.
even the idols of our gods are imported from china.
as indians, we should boycott chinese products for the reason that it (china) supports pakistan, he added.
read the story here.
ajmer: five arrested for murdering woman after branding her a witchfive persons were arrested in rajasthans ajmer district on sunday for torturing and murdering a woman relative earlier this month after branding her a witch, police said.
kalu and maya, the son and daughter of 40-year-old kanya, in a complaint to police, alleged that their mother was ill for some time after her husbands death about a month ago and some relatives allegedly to grab her property branded her as a witch.
the woman was beaten up badly with iron chains, dragged forcibly by hair and paraded naked in the village.
iron rods were also put into her eyes and she was also forced to eat faeces.
read the story here.
claiming support of 14 state units, sharad faction to claim itself as real jd(u)senior jd(u) leader sharad yadav is set to present his faction as the real party claiming that many of its state units are with him while the support for party president nitish kumar is confined to bihar.
the yadav-led faction, which includes two rajya sabha mps and some national office-bearers, has armed itself with letters of support from 14 state unit presidents, arun shrivastava, a close aide of yadav said.
kumar recently removed yadav from the post of partys general secretary.
read the story here.
sushma swaraj assures visa to pakistani woman suffering from cancerin a humanitarian gesture, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj assured visa to a pakistani woman who is suffering from cancer for her treatment in india.
swaraj conveyed the decision of granting the medical visa to pakistani woman faiza tanveer on twitter.
thanks for your greetings on indias independence day.
we are giving you the visa for your treatment in india, she tweeted.
earlier, tanveer had requested swaraj to grant her a medical visa and said she should not be denied it as india is about to celebrate the auspicious occasion of its 70th independence day.
read the story here.
charlottesville protests: man accused of ramming crowd pictured with racist groupthe driver of a car accused of crashing into a crowd protesting a white supremacist rally in virginia had been photographed hours earlier carrying the emblem of one of the hate groups that organized the take america back campaign.
vanguard america denied on sunday any association with the suspect.
a separate hate group that organized the initial rally pledged on social media to organize future events that would be bigger than charlottesville.
police charged james alex fields jr. with second-degree murder and other counts after a silver dodge challenger they say he was driving barrelled through a crowd of counter-protesters, killing a woman and wounding at least 19.
read the story here.
yuvraj singh dropped from indias odi, t20i squads for sri lanka seriesyuvraj singh was dropped from the indian squad for the limited overs series against sri lanka in what could possibly signal an end to his illustrious international career.
a two-time world cup winner and one of indias finest limited overs exponent, the 35 year old yuvraj singhs place was always under the scanner.
after a 50 against pakistan in the champions trophy opener, yuvraj singhs last seven odi innings fetched him only 162 runs.
a senior bcci official, who is privy to selection policy said that yuvraj singh is no longer in contention for the 2019 world cup in england and wales.
read the story here.
cricketupdated: aug 07, 2019 12:03 istindian cricket captain virat kohli on wednesday paid tributes to senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who passed away at the age of 67 on wednesday night.
swaraj, who was indias first full-time woman foreign minister (indira gandhi held additional charge of the ministry when she was prime minister) suffered the cardiac arrest late in the evening and was immediately taken to the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims).
she died after efforts to revive her failed.
in a tweet, kohli wrote, deeply saddened by the news of sushmaswaraj jis demise, may her soul rest in peace.
deeply saddened by the news of sushmaswaraj ji's demise, may her soul rest in peace.
virat kohli (@imvkohli) august 7, 2019kohli on tuesday led india to a whitewash over west indies as the team won the 3rd t20 international in guyana to win the series 3-0.
india will play three odis and 2 test matches in the remainder of the tour.
also read: beyond aggrieved: sports fraternity pays tributes to sushmaswaraj swarajthe bharatiya janata partys working president jp nadda said the body of sushmaswaraj swaraj will be kept for three hours at the bjp headquarters on wednesday for party workers and leaders to pay tributes.
politicians cutting across party lines, including congress leader rahul gandhi and bsp chief mayawati, tweeted their condolences.
several union ministers and other senior bjp leaders had visited aiims to meet the family of the former external affairs minister.
swaraj, who was the foreign minister from may 26, 2014, to may 30, 2019, was the second woman to hold the office after indira gandhi.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs personal engagement with people on twitter addressing their concerns is among the primary reasons for her popularity on the social media platform, an analysis of tweets by 10 randomly selected ministers of the three-year-old narendra modi government has shown.
cpc-analytics, which operates out of berlin, strasbourg and pune, undertook a study of the tweets by these central ministers and ministries to assess the impact of e-governance communication strategies over the last three years.
twitter activity by the ministers and ministries of external affairs, finance, railways, environment, urban development, health and family welfare, communication, agriculture, tourism and power were examined under the study titled citizen engagement with indian ministries through twitter.
we are not aware of a similar study.
we feel that the pmo might be doing similar work for their internal assessment, sahil deo, the pune-based co-founder of the firm, told hindustan times on monday.
deo said the study was representative of the three years of the modi government.
follow the leaderswaraj, who tweets from the handle @sushmaswaraj, has a far higher following at a whopping 8.
1 million than that of finance and defence minister arun jaitley, who is followed by 7.
1 million people on twitter, the analysis by the research agency has shown.
railways minister suresh prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) is the other minister in the modi cabinet who has a strong following of 2.
9 million because of this personal engagement.
union environment minister anil dave, who died last month, power minister piyush goyal and tourism minister mahesh sharma had the least following among the 10 ministers.
government pushthe modi governments emphasis on integrating twitter into the governments communication strategies was the context for the study.
while prime minister modi (@narendramodi) increased his own twitter following to 30.
3 million accounts over the past three years, almost every other ministry at the centre took to twitter with mixed results.
the application of internet communication technologies (ict), social media and e-governance platforms for civic engagement by the government, dialogue with citizens and engagement with voters and constituencies was the other reason to undertake the study.
researchers jonathan rummel and deo explained that the underlying theory of social media logic presented the initial framework for the study.
citing previous research, they explained social media represented a dramatic shift in the manner in which information was being conveyed in societies.
unlike in the past when governments and media organisations existed as proprietary sources of information, social media now allowed for a complex system in which individuals could not only impact but dictate information, they said.
two-way communicationtweets by the ministers were categorised in the managerial and consultative models ranging from one way communication from the government to the public (single loop) to crowdsourcing public opinion and finally the participatory model or two-way communication (double loop), where information originated from multiple sources and was used by multiple sources to enact government change.
the study noted swaraj took office in may 2014 and her following soared to 7.
71 million (at the time of research) and the ministry of external affairs (@meaindia), which joined twitter in december 2011, had only 1.
4 million followers, despite the longer presence and substantially higher tweets.
as against 5000 tweets by swaraj, the mea had tweeted 14,200 times during the same period.
participatory modelswarajs following was far higher than the meas because of her response tweets and participatory model.
tweets asking for assistance with mea services such as repatriation of family remains, lost passport support and expatriate community aid are asked of the minister herself, requiring new internal communication strategies and prompt policy action, the study noted.
while the mea twitter handle seemed to focus on service delivery and policy updates through its managerial model, @sushmaswaraj manages public services in a larger volume via its participatory model, it added.
tweets from the minister reflect her engagement with people in distress.
for example, to a tweet from a pakistani, @saeedayub: i sold half of my assets 4 my fathers liver transplant from india and now no medical visa for us.
why common man suffers, @sushmaswaraj replied: my sympathies are with you.
we will give you the visa.
sartaj aziz sahib should recommend your case.
another of her most popular tweets was in response to a twitter appeal to her from the husband of a woman from jalandhar, who was sold and tortured in saudi arabia.
on may 30, swaraj tweeted: thanks for bringing this to my notice.
sukhwant kaur is returning home on 31 may 2017 at 0415 hrs by flt g9406.
railway responseat the ministry of railways, the railways ministers official twitter handle, @railminindia, and his personal handle @sureshpprabhu complemented one another while operating in distinct styles.
both maintained followings of over 2.
5 million accounts although prabhu had substantially fewer tweets (33.
8 thousand) as against the 302 thousand of the minister handle.
frequently hailed internally and externally as one of the most responsive ministries on social media, the railway ministry has culminated a dynamic online community, the study said.
while @railminindia was high on direct citizen engagement via responseand feedback tweets, @sureshpprabhu prioritised announcements and information to fill in the void left by his official twitter handle.
jaitley had a substantially higher following at the time of the study (7.
32 million) than his official handle (@finnminindia), which was followed by just 6,70,000 despite more than thrice the number of tweets from jaitleys personal handle.
this was because of the different audience of the two twitter handles - the official one focusing on ministry matters and jaitleys personal handle publishing notices relating to the finance and defence ministries.
the poor engagement of farmers on twitter and the low citizen engagement by the power ministry were among the reasons for their low twitter following.
cpc-analytics is a three-year-old firm founded in germany by economist christian franz.
the twitter study on the modi government was undertaken in association with medianext, a pune-based firm engaged in media-related activities and presented before select journalists in pune by the firms chairperson anand agashe on the occasion of the companys eighth anniversary.
in a strategically key move, india has poured in more troops along the entire stretch of its border with china in sikkim and arunachal pradesh in the face of heightened rhetoric by beijing over the doklam standoff, senior government officials said on friday.
the caution level among the troops has also been raised, the officials told pti.
the decision to increase the deployment along the nearly 1,400-km sino-india border from sikkim to arunachal pradesh was taken after carrying out a detailed analysis of the situation and considering chinas aggressive posturing against india on doklam, the officials said.
the troop level along the border with china in the sikkim and arunachal sectors has been increased, said the officials on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the information.
the armys sukna-based 33 corps as well as 3 and 4 corps based in arunachal and assam are tasked to protect the sensitive sino-india border in the eastern theatre.
the officials declined to give any figure or percentage of increased deployment, saying they cannot disclose operational details.
according to defence experts, roughly 45,000 troops including personnel having completed the weather acclimatisation process are normally kept ready along the border at any given time, but not all are necessarily deployed.
the soldiers, deployed over 9,000 feet, have to go through a 14-day-long acclimatisation process.
the officials, however, said there is no enhancement of troops at the india-china-bhutan tri-junction in doklam where around 350 army personnel are holding on to their position for nearly eight weeks after stopping chinese troops from constructing a road on june 16.
bhutan and china have competing claims over doklam, and are negotiating a resolution.
china has been ramping up rhetoric against india over the last few weeks, demanding immediate withdrawal of indian troops from dokalam.
the chinese state media, particularly, has carried a barrage of critical articles on the dokalam stand-off slamming india.
india also conveyed to the chinese government that the road construction would represent a significant change of status quo with serious security implications for it.
padma shri dr mukut minz, who performed the complicated kidney transplant operation of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in delhi, thanked her for trusting an indian doctor and a government-run hospital for the surgery.
dr. minz, who has successfully performed over 3400 kidney transplants in his 30-year-long career, said on wednesday, she (swaraj) could have gone anywhere across the globe for her treatment.
i am proud of the fact that she chose an indian doctor for her surgery.
in ranchi to attend a felicitation ceremony organised by the ranchi jesuit society, dr minz, who comes from a humble tribal family of odisha, said that it was indeed an honour and pride not only for him but for the entire indian doctors fraternity.
soon after her recovery, the union minister had thanked dr. minz through a tweet on december 19.
she, however, is yet to meet him since her recovery.
thank you very much for my surgery dr. minz.
i am proud india has surgeon of your eminence in kidney transplant surgery, her december 19 tweet said.
read more: swaraj undergoes successful kidney transplant at aiimsmany indian politicians go abroad for medical care.
some indian doctors associations in the past had alleged that it showed their lack of faith on medical facilities and doctors in india.
in 2009, former samajwadi party general secretary amar singh flew to singapore for his kidney transplant.
in 2011, congress president sonia gandhi underwent a surgery at a new york hospital.
her medical condition, however, was not disclosed.
dr. minz was conferred the fourth highest civilian award for his services towards health by president pranab mukherjee on april 13.
talking to the media for the first time since getting the award, dr. minz said that there was no added pressure on him while operating the external affairs minister.
i took it as a challenge.
for a doctor, every patient is same.
obviously, this was an exception due to all the media coverage and attention, he said.
sharing his experience from the day he got a call from the government of india about his padma shri nomination, he said that it took him some time to let it sink in.
i first called my wife, but she didnt receive the call.
then i spoke to my son.
it took me a while to realize that i had actually won the award.
my hard work for the past three decades paid off, said dr. minz.
sri lankan foreign minister ravi karunanayake on wednesday defended his countrys participation in the one belt one road (obor), a signature project of chinese president xi jingping, and said india hadnt raised any objection in this regard.
india has voiced sovereignty and financial concerns about the project, which has the china-pakistan economic corridor as its key element.
karunanayake  who is in india on a two-day visit  met prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security advisor ajit doval.
faced with a volley of questions, karunanayake said india and sri lanka had held discussions on the project, which would revive ancient shipping routes that have existed for thousands of years.
yes, there have been discussions.
we dont want to take the decision in isolation.
it is a collective area, and we are a small country.
our foreign policy is (to be) friends with all (and) enemies with none, he said.
in response to another question, the minister said popular tamil actor rajinikanth was welcome to visit sri lanka anytime he wanted.
in march, the movie star decided against attending an event in sri lanka after facing criticism from regional groups such as the viduthalai chriuthaigal katchi and the marumalarchi dravida munnetra kazhagam.
karunanayake  answering another query  said the sri lankan government has released 42 fishing boats belonging to tamil nadu fishermen from its custody, and are in talks to release another 100.
fishermen from the two countries frequently stray across their maritime borders.
there are fears that two senior clerics from delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who have been reported missing in pakistan, may have been taken into custody by intelligence agencies or kidnapped by a militant group.
the clerics - asif nizami, 82, and nazim ali nizami, 66  are members of the extended family of the sajjada nashin (hereditary administrator) of the shrine in delhi.
they were reported missing on thursday after their families were unable to contact them in pakistan, where they had gone for a pilgrimage.
there was official silence on the issue but pakistani law enforcement officials said the two men may either have been taken into custody by intelligence agencies or kidnapped by a militant group.
no further details were immediately available.
the clerics reportedly visited the dargah of khwaja fariduddin masud ganjshakar, popularly known as baba farid, at pakpattan, some 160 km from lahore, on march 13.
the next day, the visited the data darbar dargah in lahore.
sources said when the clerics went to lahore airport to take a flight to karachi on march 15, nazim ali nizami was detained while asif nizami was allowed to board the aircraft.
though asif nizami reached karachi, his relatives were unable to trace him at the airport, the sources added.
there is a possibility that they were detained by intelligence agencies, a source said.
the clerics also shared photos with their relatives on whatsapp that apparently showed them at the data darbar shrine.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan.
photo of clerics nazim ali nizami and asif nizami at a sufi shrine in pakistan.
(whatsapp)pakistans foreign office spokesman nafees zakaria told the media that an indian request for assistance for recovering the clerics had been received.
he said this request had been forwarded to the interior ministry, which is actively pursuing the matter.
asif nizamis family said the clerics left for pakistan on march 6 and had their return flight scheduled on thursday, which they failed to make.
amir, the son of asif nizami, said his father was visiting pakistan after 35 years and had last spoken to the family at 4 pm on wednesday.
they had planned to travel to karachi to meet asif nizamis sister.
a home ministry official visited us today (friday) and told us the government is following the matter and taking it up seriously, amir said.
suspense over scheduled talks between the foreign secretaries of india and pakistan lingered on wednesday with new delhi waiting for islamabad to officially announce action on the jaish-e-mohammad, blamed for the pathankot airbase attack.
sources said the dialogue slated for january 15 hangs in the balance but the government is expected to make an announcement on thursday.
we need to verify the action pakistan has taken on the basis of the statement they made on wednesday, sources said after a meeting between prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
pti said late on wednesday night quoting officials that a decision on the talks was deferred till the return of national security adviser ajit doval from paris.
the jem was blamed by indian authorities for the brazen assault on the pathankot airbase, which killed seven security personnel.
india has sought prompt and decisive action by pakistan on actionable intelligence regarding the attack.
the immediate stumbling block seems to be the reported preventive custody of jem chief maulana masood azhar and some of his aides with no official confirmation coming from pakistan.
the news, which some sources said could be misleading, played out in the indian media, raising expectation levels.
our decision will be based on the objective action pakistan has taken in this regard as enunciated in a press release by them, said a source.
a release from the pakistan prime ministers office had said, considerable progress has been made in the investigations being carried out against terrorist elements reportedly linked to the pathankot incident.
read| kandahar hijacking, parliament attack: 10 things to know about azharbased on initial investigations in pakistan and the information provided by india, several individuals belonging to jem have been apprehended and the offices of the organisation are also being traced and sealed, said the statement.
the same release had said that in the spirit of the cooperative approach, it was also decided that in order to carry the process forward, additional information would be required, for which the government of pakistan is considering to send a special investigation team to pathankot, in consultation with the government of india.
azhars brother mufti abdur rauf and his brother-in-law ashfaq ahmed were detained along with him on monday, reuters quoted two unnamed officials as saying.
we will keep them for as long as we need to carry out our investigation over indias claims about the attack.
we are resolved to take this investigation to its conclusion, a senior intelligence told reuters.
azhar formed the jem after being freed from an indian prison with two other militants in exchange for an indian airlines flight hijacked to kandahar in 2000.
the group was banned in 2002 but continues to be active in several areas, including punjab province and pakistan-occupied kashmir.
the report of azhars detention came soon after pakistan said it wants to send a special team to india to investigate the attack on the pathankot airbase, for which an unspecified number of jem operatives had been apprehended.
following a high-level meeting chaired by prime minister nawaz sharif, the government announced it had also begun tracing and sealing the offices of the jem.
read: pm sharif forms six-member committee to investigate pathankotpakistan was apparently spurred to act following pressure from the us and india and was appeared to be aimed at salvaging a planned meeting of the foreign secretaries on january 15.
india has linked the talks to action against perpetrators of the pathankot attack.
the meeting chaired by sharif, also attended by army chief gen raheel sharif and isi chief lt gen rizwan akhtar, noted that considerable progress had been made in the drive against terrorist elements reportedly linked to the pathankot incident.
the actions taken by pakistan were reminiscent of its moves in the aftermath of the 2008 mumbai attacks, carried out by a 10-member let squad.
following pressure from the world community, the government had placed hafiz saeed and other leaders under house arrest and sealed offices of the let and its front organisation, jamaat-ud-dawah.
within six months, they were freed and the let resumed its activities after changing its name.
bengal chief minister mamata banerjee has said she would be happy to see bjp patriarch lk advani as the next president of india but would not mind if union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan became the countrys first citizen.
the comments came during a 45-minute tv interview aired by a bengali channel on thursday night.
the term of president pranab mukherjee will end on july 24 and there are talk of bjp fielding advani for the post.
banerjee also refrained from attacking prime minister narendra modi and and bjp president amit shah, named the bjp only a few times and referred to the rss as a saffron outfit.
asked why the sole trinamool mp in manipur was supporting the bjp government, she said: these things happen in the north-eastern states.
money decides politics out there.
i dont even know this man.
refusing to accept the results to the uttar pradesh elections, banerjee said: there is something fishy with the final numbers.
i am wondering why akhilesh yadav and the congress have not lodged complaints about evm machines like mayawati.
they can still move court.
she said the the bahujan sawajwadi party and samajwadi party should contest the 2019 general elections as allies as the congress is weak in up.
the saffron brigade is so keen to spread in bengal because it knows that fate of the 2019 lok sabha elections will be decided by bengal.
dont be surprised if you see trinamool congress leading the nation or offering crucial support to the next government.
the chief minister said her party will field candidates for assembly polls in odisha, uttar pradesh and rajasthan.
i keep getting invitation from people in many states.
wait and watch, she said.
at a time when a number of trinamool mps and ministers are facing a probe by the cbi over the narada scam, banerjee said she made a mistake by sending industrialist kd singh to the rajya sabha and announced that bengal police was probing a chit fund owned by singh.
it was singhs media venture, tehelka, that carried out the sting operation in 2014.
mathew samuel, who caught the trinamool leaders on camera, released the tapes in 2016 after forming his own company, narada news.
complaints have been lodged against singhs chit fund.
now law will take its own course, said banerjee.
alleging that the sting operation was the brainchild of bjp, congress and cpi(m) leaders, banerjee said: i saw a photograph of kd singh with former chief minister buddhadeb bhattacharjee.
singh also held shares in a local tv channel.
i thought he was a good man and made him an mp.
i made a blunder.
he has links with bjp leaders.
i havent met him in four years.
probably he keeps in touch with our mps in delhi, said the chief minister.
she reiterated that her party leaders had been framed and offering bribe was a crime as well.
the person (samuel) posed as a journalist and told iqbal ahmed (kolkatas deputy mayor who took samuel to most of the accused) that he wanted to interview our leaders.
i hold no prejudice against the cbi.
i want the truth to be exposed, said banerjee.
a woman scrap dealer and another, the daughter of a man who was one of the initial members of the bjp in the 80s are among the five muslim candidates contesting the delhi municipal elections on a bjp ticket.
the party fielded 6 muslim contestants, one more than what they had in 2012 mcd election.
the election commission rejected the nomination of one candidate on wednesday evening because of an error in his form.
the muslim names in the list created a buzz in the backdrop of the saffron party not fielding even a single muslim candidate in the recently-concluded assembly elections to the five state assemblies.
for these chosen five, the challenge would be  besides beating a decade-old anti-incumbency against the party  to communicate bjps agenda to a group which is not known to support the party.
some of the issues that unite them are their praise for up chief minister yogi adityanath and his anti-romeo squads, and their opposition to cow slaughter and triple talaq.
locked in an unprecedented six-cornered fight, ht tracks the six odd balls and asks them what their plan of action is.
rubina begum,52, ward: quresh nagarrubina begums mother and brother have both represented the ward in the municipality.
rubina begum is the only exception to the partys pre-poll claim of not fielding relatives of sitting candidates.
last month, the bjp had claimed that tickets would not be given to the relatives of the present councillors.
though there are some candidates related to bjp leaders, begum will be fighting in place of her mother.
she is the daughter of hoor bano, bjps sitting councillor in ward 89 n quresh nagar.
begum familys said her father was a supporter when bjp founders were still a part of the janta party.
begums father was delhi metropolitan council member (equivalent to an mla today) when delhi was not a state.
before her mother, her brother ismail was a councillor in 2007-12.
we are hardworking grass root party workers and have got the ticket.
the familys good work is the reason for the exception, said her relative haroon ismail.
begum, a twelfth pass, mother of three, is married to a businessman in sadar bazar.
unlike other wards, where the party has fielded muslims, quresh nagar in north delhis bara hindu rao has a sizeable hindu population.
the ward has around 60,000 voters.
around 35,000 are muslim voters.
begum, contesting for the first time will be fighting a ten year anti-incumbency of two terms led by her elder brother and mother.
the aap and the congress have also put up muslim faces in this ward, reserved for women.
kunwar rafi,37, ward: zakir nagarkunwar rafi runs a computer shop in nehru place.
he does not hold bjp responsible for muzaffarnagar riots.
rafi, who runs a computer shop at nehru place, is associated with the bjp for the past 10 years.
rafi, who has studied up to class 12, plans to induct his other muslim friends into the party.
the country is doing well under the bjp rule.
there is no corruption, no riots.
why shouldnt we too be part of our countrys growth?
he asks.
rafi is a resident of muzaffanagar, uttar pradesh where riots broke out in 2013.
rafi does not buy allegations that bjp leaders were behind the violence.
the bjp was not at the centre then.
i always tell this to my brothers.
rafi claims that he helped the local residents during the last years outbreak of dengue and chikungunya and it will now help him win their support.
fahimuddin saifi,30, ward: delhi gatesaifi is the youngest among the five muslim bjp candidates.
saifi claims he has been a party worker since july 2011.
i am a businessman and have been inspired by former prime minister atal behari vajpayee and modiji, when he was still a chief minister.
i joined the bjp when i realized that in all these years, muslims have only gotten poorer.
most parties only exploited muslims for votes.
saifi, runs a steel business, says he supports the anti-romeo squads in up.
this is actually what muslims should have been doing -- ensuring that no one sleeps hungry or dare to harass our sisters.
yogi adityanath is doing it.
anti-romeo squads can ensure incidents like the bulandshahr highway rape are not repeated, he said.
saifi claims he was once a part of the congress, but did not hold any party post.
sartaj ahmed, 43, ward: chauhan bangarsartaj ahmed campaigns in chauhan bangar area.
(raj k raj/ht photo)this month marks sartaj ahmeds 11th year in the bjp.
ahmed, who runs a metal box manufacturing firm, had joined the bjp in april 2006.
ahmed held many posts in the local unit of the party.
this is my first election.
i am happy that the party has given foot soldiers like me a chance.
ahmed says people in this muslim-dominated area know him for his round-the-clock work in helping residents get ration cards, solve power problems.
ahmed has never met modi or bjp president amit shah but says the fact that he has got a ticket has only strengthen his resolve to work for the party.
sabra malik, 42, ward: mustafabadsabra malik campaigns in mustfabad area.
she says that besides local issues she would also raise the issue of triple talaq.
(raj k raj/ht photo)a woman who till recently helped her husband dismantle scrap outside their home, sabra malik, a mother of five, has taken a break from work and is busy campaigning.
the lone muslim woman in the bjp list is contesting from the mustafabad ward in northeast delhi.
malik says her family has been a supporter of bjp for the past 17 years.
besides local problems, sabra says she will raise the issue of triple talaq.
she also supports the ban on slaughter house in uttar pradesh.
the law is the same for everyone.
anything illegal should be banned.
legal meat shops are not being closed, she said.
sabras husband, yusuf malik, claims he supports the bjp stand on triple talaq.
how can a woman be thrown out just because her husband repeated a word thrice.
i hope my wifes stand will find resonance with the muslim women in the area.
self-professed sushmaswaraj fan left outjamal haider,52, ward: abu fazal enclavejamal haider had offered to donate his kidney to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
his nomination was rejected due to an error in his papers.
(burhaan kinu/ht photo)i have two gods, one above and sushmaji below, said jamal haider who had offered to donate his kidney to sushmaswaraj swaraj when she was in aiims.
however, haiders god was with him, fate wasnt.
haiders nomination was rejected by the election commission because of an error in his form.
a party worker since 1988, haider was one of the first to write to aiims offering to donate his kidney to the union external affairs minister last year.
when ht met him on tuesday, haider was confident of a win and thanked swaraj for giving a ticket.
she is a great leader.
the party has given foot soldiers like me a ticket.
i have been part of protests and social work all these years.
the party has rewarded me, he had said.
in his resume submitted to the party office, the last line read: was the first to offer kidney to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
read: techie from telangana shot dead in california in suspected case of robberyin a series of tweets, the minister said, i am pained to know about the tragic death of your brother vamshi mamidala.
my heartfelt condolences to your family.
i have got report from our consulate in san francisco.
the report says vamshi was killed by a drug addict on friday evening at milpitas.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 13, 2017the culprit has been arrested.
our consulate is in touch with your family.
we assure you of all help and assistance, she added.
according to vamshis family, the incident happened when mamidala vamshi chander reddy was returning after completing his part-time shift at a local store in milpitas.
vamshi had gone to california in 2013 and completed his ms in silicon valley university.
while he was looking for a job in the software industry in the us, he recently took up a part-time assignment at a local store.
the year was 1984, and nanak singh was barely seven years old when he strayed into pakistani territory from the fields in this border village.
he is now close to 40, and reported to be lodged in kot lakhpat jail in lahore, but the family have not lost hope of getting their son back.
in the latest, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has sought a report from the indian high commission in islamabad on nanak singh, who has had no contact with the family since that day when he went missing while on a trip to their fields.
in the jail, he is recorded as kakar singh, the family has learnt.
also read | wish to see him before i die: 32 yrs on, sikh couple awaits son lost to pakistani still remember that day clearly, father rattan singh told ht, i was going to the fields for work and my son (nanak singh) was adamant at going with me.
while i was working there, i noticed that he was not around.
we searched for him so much!
we even went to the police but we couldnt find any link.
in 2002, a ray of hope emerged when cops from the ramdas police station reached our house and said my son was in a pakistan jail and known as kakar singh, said rattan singh.
(ht file photo)there was no barbed fence at the time, so it was easy to mistake territories, he said.
in 2002, a ray of hope emerged when cops from the ramdas police station reached our house and said my son was in a pakistan jail and known as kakar singh.
but since then we are just waiting.
he said he does not know why his named changed there.
in the records, we are told by officials, the fathers name is the same, the village address is the same.
we are happy now that minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has taken up the matter.
media people are visiting us and we are positive, he added.
mother pyari kaur said, we knocked on many doors, told everyone, but we couldnt succeed in bringing him back.
last year, the punjab and haryana high court had sent notices to the centre after a public interest litigation was filed by a man named swaran singh to bring back nanak.
india evacuated its entire contingent of peacekeeping forces comprising of 15 crpf personnel from tripoli after the situation there suddenly worsened, according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the situation in libya has suddenly worsened.
there is fighting in tripoli.
indian embassy in tunisia @indiaintunisia has evacuated the entire contingent of 15 crpf personnel yesterday itself.
i appreciate the excellent work by the indian embassy in tunisia.
#libya, swaraj tweeted.
the indian ambassador in tunisia has the concurrent charge of libya.
the crpf contingent is deployed as the peacekeeping force in tripoli, swaraj outlined.
this comes after eastern libyan army commander khalifa hafter on thursday ordered his forces, the libyan national army (lna) to take over tripoli, the capital of the un-backed government, amid reports of escalating political tension in libya.
haftar has since been accused of violating political agreements concluded under the united nations by fayez sarraj, the prime minister of the tripoli-based un-backed government of national accord (gna).
resulting from years-long civil conflict, libya has no single government currently, with lna backing the tobruk-based parliament which governs the east of libya, and the gna which controls libyas western parts from tripoli, reports sputnik.
even though a deal was signed in 2015 which created the gna as the legitimate interim libyan government, it was not wholly implemented due to disagreements with the tobruk-based parliament.
(this story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
only the headline has been changed.
this time, comedian lilly singh was not amused.
as the indo-canadian youtube celebrity went to the indian consulate in toronto for a visa for a book tour in india starting later this month, she was given a three-month business visa, instead of a travel document for a longer term.
miffed at that, and at rude behaviour there, she tweeted a complaint to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj directed indias high commissioner in ottawa vikas swarup to address the matter, while tweeting back to singh: let me see what best can we do for you.
on saturday, swarup, also the celebrated author of slumdog millionaire, contacted singh on twitter: please send me your contact particulars on my official twitter handle.
happy to be of assistance.
given the directions from the minister, officials are looking at a longer-term visa for singh, who has often travelled to india in the past.
in an emailed response, swarup said the minister has asked lilly singh to contact me.
i am waiting for her to do so.
we will try our very best to resolve her visa issue.
while visas to india are usually handled by an outsourcing agency, the 28-year-old singh visited the consulate in toronto.
less than satisfied with the result, she used her considerable social media heft (2.
24 million followers on twitter; over 11 million subscribers on youtube) to make her point.
first, she tweeted to prime minister narendra modi: for travel to india, the consulate makes acquiring a visa the most difficult task.
i hope one day @narendramodi can remedy this.
its sad.
during that tweetstorm, she said she did love india but the consulate was literally the worst place on earth.
then to swaraj: just a kind note to make you aware that the consulate of india in toronto is extremely difficult and unprofessional.
in between, she said she received a lesser visa with more documentation than ever before and that she was told she would get a one year visa.
that was of course when staff wanted a picture though.
the indian consulate replied that an emergency business visa based on your documentation, was issued in about 1 hr, and asked her to email them about the specific difficulty.
singh, who is among the highest-grossing youtube stars in the world, will be touring india, covering mumbai, hyderabad and delhi.
her book has already reached the top spot on the non-fiction bestsellers list in canada.
meanwhile, as indian officials scramble to deal with the visa affair, she may have lived up to the title of that book, how to be a bawse: a guide to conquering life.
after the indian flag incident, e-commerce retailer amazon has been conveyed that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments, the external affairs ministry said.
mea spokesperson vikas swarup also said amazon has also removed offending items like flip-flops and dog tags with mahatma gandhis image.
read | after indian flag doormat, amazon withdraws offensive flip-flopsour ambassador in washington had been instructed to convey to amazon that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments.
we have been in touch with amazon both in washington as well as in delhi and we have had constructive conversations, he said.
asked about sale of flip-flops and dog tags with mahatma gandhis image on amazon website, he added, i am happy to report that the offending items have since been pulled by amazon and we hope that our engagement will continue to be fruitful.
last week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
the body of an indian fisherman, who died in a pakistani jail earlier this month, will be brought to mumbai on february 2, gujarat fisheries minister babubhai bokhiria said on friday.
jeeva bhagwan bamaniya, a native of khan village in gujarats gir somnath district, died in a karachi jail on january 4, a day before 218 indian fishermen, mostly from the state, were released by pakistan as a goodwill gesture.
the deceased was among the group of indian fishermen who were lodged in the pakistani jail.
jeeva was also supposed to be released along with them on january 5.
we have received an e-mail from indian high commission office in islamabad stating that the body will be flown to mumbai on february 2 after conducting the postmortem, bokhiria told pti.
a team of the state governments fisheries department will go to mumbai on february 2 to receive the body at the airport from where it will be brought to khan village and handed over to the deceaseds family members, he said.
earlier jeevas wife vegiben had urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to find out the exact cause of his death.
rajya sabha member parimal nathwani had also written to swaraj to take up with her pakistani counterpart the issue of expediting the process to bring jeevas body back to his native place.
meanwhile, gujarat fishermen associations senior vice president veljibhai masani requested the gujarat government to provide financial aid to vegiben, who has five children aged between 2 and 10 years and does not have any source of earning.
gandhi on friday had accused prime minister narendra modi of humiliating advani, saying disrespecting ones guru is not hindu culture.
addressing a poll rally at chandrapur in maharashtra, gandhi had said, bjp talks of hinduism.
in hinduism, guru is supreme.
it talks of guru-shishya tradition.
who is modis guru?
advani.
joota maar ke stage se utara (advani was kicked out from stage).
taking strong objection to gandhis remarks, swaraj tweeted: rahulji - advani ji is our father figure.
your words have hurt us deeply.
please try to maintain some decorum of your speech.
gandhis swipe at modi over the treatment meted out to advani follows the bjp patriarchs blog published on april 4where he said the bjp never considered its political adversaries as anti-national.
the congress chiefs remark was a veiled reference to advani not getting lok sabhapoll ticket from gandhinagar, from where the bjp has fielded party president amit shahinstead.
india on tuesday welcomed donald trumps new security strategy in afghanistan and said it was much pleased about the us presidents strong words against pakistan providing safe havens to terrorists, without naming the neighbouring country.
we welcome president trumps determination to enhance efforts to overcome the challenges facing afghanistan and confronting issues of safe havens and other forms of cross-border support enjoyed by terrorists, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
but the statement didnt name pakistan, the country india blames for fostering cross-border terrorism and providing safe haven to terrorists who disrupt peace and stability in the region.
india shares these concerns and objectives, the statement said.
trump warned pakistan, its closest ally in south asia, that washington will no longer be silent about pakistans safe havens for terrorist organisations.
we have been paying pakistan billions and billions of dollars at the same time they are housing the very terrorists that we are fighting, he said.
he also suggested that military and other aid to washingtons nuclear-armed ally is at stake if it does not clamp down on extremism.
though us presidents in the past have spoken in a similar vein, washington often doesnt walk the talk on pakistan because of reasons of geopolitics and history.
trump didnt say so but his secretary of state rex tillerson said: pakistan has suffered greatly from terrorism and can be an important partner in our shared goals of peace and stability in the region.
tillerson spoke to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, pakistans prime minister shahid khaqan abbasi and foreign minister of afghanistan salahuddin rabbani.
india said it is committed to supporting the government and the people of afghanistan in their efforts to bring peace, security, stability and prosperity in their country.
we have been steadfast in extending reconstruction and development assistance to afghanistan in keeping with our traditional friendship with its people, mea said.
the statement added india will continue these efforts, including in partnership with other countries, for bringing peace and stability in afghanistan.
china on monday defended its military helicopters hovering over the barahoti region in chamoli district of uttarakhand over the weekend, saying it has a territorial dispute in the eastern section of the frontier.
official sources in new delhi said the two zhiba attack helicopters, which returned to the chinese side of the line of actual control (lac) after about five minutes, could have carried out an aerial photography of indian troops during a possible reconnaissance mission.
the indian air force is probing the incident.
a brief pla statement said reports from india were wrong about the incursion.
the chinese military was conducting routine training activities on the chinese side of the lac.
the indian print (media) reports do not match the facts, the statement said in chinese.
chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying on monday said: in principle, china and india have territorial disputes in the eastern section of the china-india border.
she had also indicated the helicopters were on the chinese side of the lac.
chinese military carry out regular patrols in the relevant areas.
we hope that the two sides will make joint efforts to maintain tranquillity and peace of the border area, she said.
on previous occasions, chinese helicopters entered 4.
5km into indian territory, an area that china claims as its own and recognises as wu-je.
barahoti is one of three border posts in the sector, comprising uttar pradesh, himachal pradesh and uttarakhand, where indo-tibetan border police (itbp) troops are not allowed to carry weapons and are in civilian clothes under a unilateral decision made by the central government in june 2000.
in 1958, india and china listed barahoti, an 80 sq km sloping pasture, as a disputed area where neither side would send troops.
during the 1962 india-china war, pla did not enter the 545-km middle sector, focussing on the western (ladakh) and eastern (arunachal pradesh) sectors.
days after hindustan times reported about amazon canada offering indian flag-themed doormats, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lashed out at the e-tailer on wednesday and threatened to rescind visas of officials of the e-commerce giant if it did not offer an unconditional apology.
in a series of tweets, swaraj described the doormats as unacceptable after the matter was brought to her notice on twitter.
she warned that amazon officials would not be given indian visas and visas granted earlier would be rescinded if the e-tailer did not withdraw the product and apologise.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately, tweeted swaraj, one of the most active indian ministers on twitter with nearly 7 million followers.
amazon must tender unconditional apology.
they must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately.
/1  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017if this is not done forthwith, we will not grant indian visa to any amazon official.
we will also rescind the visas issued earlier.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017swaraj also directed the indian mission in ottawa to take up the matter with amazon.
even before swaraj took up the matter, amazons canadian site had removed listings for the doormats after a series of protests by people from india and of indian-origin.
indian high commission in canada : this is unacceptable.
please take this up with amazon at the highest level.
https://t.
co/l4yi3glk3h  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) january 11, 2017the doormats were described as personalised durable machine-washable indoor/outdoor items and featured a stylised version of the tricolour.
they were available on amazon.
cas marketplace from the vendor xlyl.
the canadian chapter of the overseas friends of the bjp was among those who protested, and it condemned the insult of the indian flag in a social media post.
the vendor, identified as hana houdek, removed the listings, which no longer appear on amazon.
cas searches.
xlyl still lists similar doormats featuring the flags of the united kingdom and the united states.
amazon removes product from its sitelater on wednesday, amazon.com removed the doormats from its canadian website.
the item is no longer available for sale on the site, a spokeswoman for amazon said in an email.
amazons portal in canada sells doormats fashioned around other national flags, but under indian law any desecration of its flag is punishable with fines and imprisonment.
amazons official support account on twitter had earlier responded to angry user comments on twitter by saying the mats were not being sold on their indian portal and the concerns had been escalated.
its a dream of a better life that has been conclusively shattered.
recently the ministry of external affairs (mea) had to step in to rescue 24 indians held captive by a company in saudi arabia over salary disputes.
the matter was brought to the notice of the mea after odisha chief minister naveen patnaik sought the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
this is not an isolated incident.
last month a woman from hyderabad who was reportedly sold and tortured in saudi arabia was rescued after ms swaraj intervened.
in march, after the telangana government approached the mea, 29 workers held captive in saudi arabia were rescued.
in july, the mea intervened to help more than 10,000 indian workers who had lost their jobs in saudi arabia and were short on food supplies.
like a record stuck in a loop, horror stories of indians working in west asia, especially saudi arabia, keep repeating themselves with frightening frequency.
most of the times it runs like this: on the promise of better pay and working conditions indians go to the gulf but are duped into working in inhuman conditions; they send out messages pleading for help and finally the mea steps in to their rescue.
in many cases ms swaraj has personally intervened to ensure the safe return of these nris.
the role of the ministry in this matter has been nothing short of commendable.
but rather than effectively dousing fires, the effort should be to prevent it.
unauthorised recruitment agencies and visa dealers are the main culprits here.
they sell false promises and trap gullible people who often realise their plight much later.
the government on its side has mechanisms to prevent such fraud: it has advised job seekers to go through recognised employment agencies.
to assist, the mea and indian embassies in the host countries have special cells.
but, as repeated cases show, more needs to be done.
of course, the primary focus of the government should be on providing avenues for employment here in india, which would prevent this economic migration.
but until then, to stop this trend, those dealing in illegal labour export must face stricter punishment and theres a need for more awareness through effective icts.
new delhi, on its part, must also get assertive on ensuring that such cases of human rights violations are not passed off as a routine matter.
while india still imports most of its oil and gas, west asia is not the market dictator it used to be.
shale gas from the united states and irans re-entry into the market has weakened the arab oil card and india, the buyer, is at an advantage here.
this coupled with the modi governments positive outreach to countries across the region should help the case of such nris.
uttar pradesh, where 14 lok sabha seats were at stake, recorded just 54.
12  polling on sunday  the lowest among the seven states and union territories that went to polls in the penultimate sixth round of the seven phase national election, according to the election commission of india (ec).
the total national turnout was 62.
12  on sunday.
about 80.
16  of the electorate turned up to vote in west bengal the highest in this phase  even as spates of violent incidents were reported, some even before polling began.
the bharatiya janata party (bjp) candidate from ghatkal, bharati ghosh, alleged she was attacked twice by trinamool congress (tmc) supporters on sunday when the former indian police service officer tried to visit polling stations in the ghatal lok sabha constituency when polling was underway there.
violence in bengal started late on saturday when one bjp worker was killed and two shot at in separate incidents even under heavy presence of para military forces in the state.
in bihar, the bjp alleged that its lok sabha candidate from west champaran sanjay jaiswal was attacked by unidentified people at polling booth number 162.
according to reports, jaiswal suffered from some serious injuries.
at 57.
58  turnout, delhi recorded a low voter turnout  standing only next to bihar (59.
29 ), according to numbers put out by ec.
haryana recorded 65.
07 , madhya pradesh 61.
89 , jharkhand 64.
50 .
elections are being held for 14 seats in uttar pradesh, all 10 in haryana, eight seats each in bihar, madhya pradesh and west bengal, and four in jharkhand, in addition to seven seats in delhi.
over 100 million voters are expected to have cast their ballot on sunday.
there were 979 candidates in the fray in this phase.
prominent among those contesting were former chief ministers akhilesh yadav (from azamgarh in uttar pradesh) and sheila dikshit (north-east delhi), union minister maneka gandhi (sultanpur in up), digvijaya singh (bhopal in madhya pradesh) and bhupinder singh hooda (sonepat in haryana).
former union minister and rashtriya janata dal (rjd) veteran raghuvansh prasad singh was in the fray from vaishali in bihar, while congress general secretary jyotiraditya scindia was contesting from guna in madhya pradesh.
among those who voted in delhi were president ram nath kovind, united progressive alliance (upa) chairperson sonia gandhi, congress president rahul gandhi and general secretary priyanka gandhi vadra, union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, bjp leader manoj tiwari, cricketer gautam gambhir, and aam aadmi partys arvind kejriwal and manish sisodia.
in the hotly contested 2019 elections, all eyes were on the national capital.
the initial enthusiasm among voters of delhi slightly dwindled with the increasing temperature and blazing sun, while leaders cutting across party lines appealed to the voters to exercise their right to franchise.
as polling began at 7am, prime minister narendra modi urged young voters to vote in record numbers.
yet another phase of the 2019 lok sabha elections is here!
urging all those whose constituencies are polling in todays sixth phase to go out and vote, the prime minister tweeted.
long queues were seen outside booths in delhi, uttar pradesh and west bengal as people tried to beat the mid-may heat to exercise their franchise.
vvpat glitches were reported from a few booths in west bengal and delhi.
in uttar pradesh, the battlefield moved eastward, with constituencies such as sultanpur, pratapgarh, allahabad, ambedkarnagar, azamgarh, and jaunpur in sundays election.
the bjp had won all but azamgarh (samajwadi party patriarch mulayam singh yadav won then) in 2014.
this time, mulayams son and party chief akhilesh yadav is contesting from azamgarh.
the bjp faces a tough challenge now that the sp has forged an alliance with the bahujan samaj party (bsp).
it will be a triangular contest between the bjp, the sp-bsp alliance, and congress in some seats.
haryana is witnessing a multi-cornered contest on most of the seats.
the first time player in the lok sabha election, raj kumar saini-led loktantra suraksha party (lsp) in alliance with the bsp and ajay chautala-led jannayak janata party (jjp), has added a new dimension to the ballot of ballots in the state.
the ruling bjp had won seven of the total 10 lok sabha seats in 2014, while the indian national lok dal (inld) won three and the congress won two seats.
in madhya pradesh, the gwalior-chambal region and parts of the bundelkhand and central regions voted on sunday.
the eight constituencies that went to polls include four in the gwalior-chambal region  gwalior, guna, morena and bhind (a seat reserved for candidates from the scheduled caste community)  and three in central mp, including bhopal, vidisha and rajgarh.
in bhopal, congress veteran digvijaya singh is locked in a battle with bjp candidate and 2008 malegaon blast accused pragya singh thakur.
in the 2014 elections, the bjp won all the seats, except guna which was claimed by congress general secretary jyotiraditya scindia.
the saffron party had won 27 of the 29 seats in the state.
however, the december assembly elections put the congress back in power after a gap of 15 years.
stakes are high for the bjp in bihar, as out of the eight seats going to polls in the sixth phase, the bjp had won seven while its alliance partner, the lok janshakti party (ljp), bagged one.
bihar has already voted for 24 seats out of 40 in the previous five phases.
all the eight constituencies that went to polls in west bengal fall in the western part of the state with the most politically significant fight in medinipur, where bjp state unit president dilip ghosh was pitted against seven-time mla and former trinamool congress (tmc) rajya sabha mp manas bhunia.
in jharkhand, the bjp repeated three sitting mps from their respective seats  dhanbad, jamshedpur and singhbhum  and gave the giridih seat to its regional ally, all jharkhand students union (ajsu).
the saffron party had won all four seats in the previous general elections.
the seventh and last phase of the lok sabha election will take place on may 19 and counting of votes will be held on may 23.
watch out for the following news:1) the first india-china strategic dialoguethe first india-china strategic dialogue, a new mechanism set in place last year for greater engagement between the two sides, will be held in beijing, led by foreign secretary s jaishankar and chinas top diplomat yang jiechi.
the dialogue occurs within weeks of china again blocking efforts to get jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar banned by the un.
indias nsg bid, which beijing has opposed, is another sticking point.
read the full story here.
2) microsoft ceo satya nadella addresses a conference in mumbaimicrosofts chief executive officer satya nadella will address a conference on future decoded in mumbai.
his visit assumes significance after fresh efforts in the us to restrict h-1b visas.
satya was among the few top heads of it firms that opposed restrictive immigration moves by the new regime in the us under president donald trump.
the two-day mumbai conference is expected to be attended by 1,500 top business and government executives.
click here for live updates3) dmk to go on hunger striketamil nadu opposition leader mk stalin had announced dmk will go on a hunger strike today to protest against the trust vote that confirmed the edappadi palaniswami government in the state.
party members also said the hunger strike was against manhandling of stalin after dmk legislators were evicted from the tamil nadu assembly while congress leaders staged a walkout amid stormy scenes last saturday.
ek palaniswami, a loyalist of aiadmk general secretary vk sasikala, won the trust vote 122-11.
4) kcr to present rs 5.
5 crore worth gold to tirupati temple to fulfil vowtelangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao will visit the famed shrine of lord venkateshwara in tirupati today to present gold ornaments worth nearly rs 5.
5 crore to fulfil a vow taken during the agitation for a separate state.
read the full story here.
5) govt to sell five percent stake in belthe government is to sell five percent of its 74.
4  stake in the state-owned aerospace and defence firm bharat electronics ltd. the floor price is reportedly fixed at rs. 1,498 and the sale is expected to raise about rs 1,600 crore.
6) actor akshay kumar summoned for defaming bataactor akshay kumar and the team of bollywood movie jolly llb-2, including director subhash kapoor and its producers have been summoned by the delhi high court in a defamation case related to footwear company bata india limited.
in a press statement, bata stated that it has filed a criminal defamation case against the team of jolly llb-2 for using derogatory remarks and defamatory reference to bata as a brand in the first official trailer of the movie.
you may also want to read:7) fire breaks out at manufacturing unit in hyderabad, 6 workers from odisha killedat least six people were burnt alive when fire broke out in an air-cooler manufacturing unit at attapur under rajendranagar police limits in hyderabad in the early hours of wednesday.
the incident happened at around 5am when the workers, all belonging to odisha, were sleeping in the shed of a1 air-coolers, a small scale unit made of iron-sheets.
read the full story here.
8) indian doctor abducted in libya rescued after 18 monthsexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday night said doctor ramamurthy kosanam, an indian who was kidnapped in libya 18 months ago, has been rescued.
with this, we have rescued all the six indians abducted there, the minister said.
read the full story here.
9) here are 5 things reliance jio promises to bring to you in the coming monthsreliance industries jio telecoms unit will charge for its services from april, ending an almost seven month spree of free calls and data that shook up the countrys telecom sector and helped the new arrival rack up more than 100 million users.
for more on the companys latest offer to users, read story here.
10) mythical characters to aligarhs locks: modi uses local icons for voter connectprime minister narendra modis metaphors  from festivals to funerals  for attacking opponents have been the talking point of mandate 2017 in uttar pradesh.
so have been his references to local icons to connect with the masses during campaigns for the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
read the full story here.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath met prime minister narendra modi on tuesday during his daylong trip to new delhi where he is expected to discuss the distribution of portfolios for his ministers.
earlier, the uttar pradesh chief minister also met finance minister arun jaitley.
adityanath was also expected to discuss with modi a reshuffle of the state bureaucracy and seek funds for expediting certain development projects.
he is also expected to call on president pranab mukherjee.
the up cm, a sitting member of the lok sabha, could hand over his resignation letter to speaker sumitra mahajan during the day.
after a new cm comes to delhi, he or she is expected to meet the pm.
the up cm will meet modi most probably in parliament house, said a pmo source.
ironically, punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh, who will also be in the national capital, has not sought any appointment with the pm so far.
there is no meeting scheduled between the two, said a pmo source.
adityanath was sworn in on sunday after the bjp got its highest ever tally in the two month long polls that ended earlier in march.
before he leaves for lucknow this afternoon, adityanath is also expected to meet home minister rajnath singh and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
after taking charge as the cm, adityanath has moved swiftly to ban mechanised abattoirsa poll promise of the bjpapart from giving strict instructions to maintain law and order in the state.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will hold key talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi on sunday evening in beijing as the two countries continue efforts to improve bilateral ties in the aftermath of a military standoff near the sikkim border last year.
swaraj, who reached beijing on saturday night, is here to attend the shanghai cooperation organisations (sco) foreign ministers meet on tuesday, in the run-up to the blocs summit in june.
india and pakistan were admitted to the china-led bloc in 2017.
swaraj is expected to interact with sco foreign ministers from kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, uzbekistan and pakistan.
the agenda for the sco foreign ministers meet is broad and covers issues including regional security and terrorism.
security has been a priority of the sco since its inception.
so the upcoming sco meeting will see participants exchanging views on relevant issues, ministry of foreign affairs spokesperson, hua chunying, said on friday.
swarajs visit to beijing  the first after wangs promotion  is being seen as crucial in the two neighbours efforts to reset ties in the aftermath of the doklam military standoff last year.
swaraj and wang will lay the groundwork for the sco summit in june, to be attended by pm narendra modi in the coastal city of qingdao.
swarajs visit also comes against the backdrop of growing speculation that modi will have a meeting with president xi jinping in china in the days ahead.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman will arrive in beijing on april 23 to take part in the sco defence ministers meeting to be held the next day.
sitharaman is also expected to meet her chinese counterpart lt gen wei fenghe.
the pakistani security officials who detained the two senior clerics from delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah focussed on only one issue during their questioning  who were the barelvi leaders they had met and what had they discussed.
the clerics  asif nizami, 82, and nazim ali nizami, 66, members of the extended family of the sajjada nashin (hereditary administrator) of the shrine  returned to india on monday after being untraceable for almost three days.
since their return, the clerics have acknowledged they were held and questioned but they did not publicly say what they were quizzed about.
they also rejected the theory that they had gone to the interior of sindh province, pointing out their pakistani visas did not permit them to visit that area.
a person who interacted with the clerics soon after their release said on condition of anonymity that pakistani security officials had repeatedly asked the two men about the barelvi leaders they had met and whether they had conveyed any message to the barelvis from indian authorities.
the clerics insisted that the sole purpose of their visit to pakistan was to pray at several sufi shrines, including the shrine of baba farid in pakpattan, about 160 km from lahore.
the visit to pakpattan apparently put the pakistani intelligence agencies on the trail of the clerics.
the questioning by the pakistani officials also appeared to suggest that the clerics had been directed by indian authorities to establish contacts with the pakistani barelvi leaders.
this was rejected by the clerics, the person who interacted with them said.
there were also hints in pakistani urdu newspapers, including one known for its close ties with the pakistani intelligence, that the hazrat nizamuddin dargah in delhi had been infiltrated by indian spy agencies.
but once the pressure from the indian government mounted  including a call that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made to pakistans foreign policy chief sartaj aziz, who was in london  the clerics were freed by the pakistani intelligence, at least two sources familiar with the matter said.
pakistans barelvis are generally perceived as moderate but several recent developments have resulted in security agencies keeping a closer watch on the community.
though the barelvis are sunnis with strong connections to sufi shrines in india and pakistan, some barelvi leaders were at the forefront of protests in islamabad last year against the execution of mumtaz qadri, the policeman who assassinated punjab governor salmaan taseer.
though qadri was reviled by pakistani liberals, his funeral drew more than 100,000 people  an indication of the support for the assassin among more radical elements in the barelvi community.
the sunni tehriks links to the protests for qadri also worried pakistans security agencies.
the influential dawn newspaper referred to the pro-qadri protests as an indication of the resurgence of religio-political parties belonging to the barelvi sect.
there is also friction between the barelvis and deobandis, whose mosques and madrassas have benefited from the financial largesse of saudi arabia.
as eman abdellatif, 36, the 500kg egyptian woman, eagerly awaits to undergo a bariatric surgery to help her lose weight, doctors from the saifee hospital said that she needs to lose another 100kg.
abdellatif has already lost about 30kg in the last two months under the supervision of dr muffazal lakdawala, founder, centre for obesity and digestive surgery cods, mumbai, and chairperson of institute of minimal access surgical sciences and research centre, saifee hospital.
hospital authorities said the decision to bring abdellatif to mumbai was taken just three days ago.
moreover, the major struggle was to secure a medical visa from the indian embassy in cairo as the officials there refused to believe that abdellatif was unable to travel to the embassy for a biometric test.
commenting of the future course of action, lakdawala said that the next 48 hours would be crucial.
eman is currently under observation.
keeping in mind the complexities of the case, before any surgical intervention, she will need a series of medical tests to determine the next course of action.
for the next 48 hours, doctors will be conducting a routine body check-up and a complete profile test, he said.
the most important test is said to be a special gene study for the 91 different types of genes isolated with obesity-related syndrome.
the test will reveal particular biomarkers for abdellatifs extremely low metabolism, which is contributing to her obesity and the results are expected on monday.
abdellatif, who weighed 5kg at birth, started putting on weight by the age of 11.
hereafter, she may also need a couple of bariatric procedures at optimal times to achieve best results.
there is an entire panel of doctors working hard to try and ensure that she recovers from her current ailments, said lakdawala.
travel troublesreaching mumbai was a huge struggle for abdellatif and her family, which began with securing a medical visa to seek treatment options in india and dubai.
as indian laws require visa applicant to record fingerprints with the immigration officer, the familys request to allow a third party to submit her application was rejected even after they informed the officials about her being restricted to the bedroom for more than two decades.
they thought the family is bluffing and rejected her application.
the movement was put in motion only after dr lakdawala tweeted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who in turn resolved the issue in two days, said a doctor from saifee, part of the team monitoring abdellatif.
a top official from the hospital confirmed that another option to travel to abu dhabi for treatment was also being considered, but due to the persistence and faith of abdellatifs sister [shaimaa ahmed] on the doctors, she took a final call three days before finalising saifee.
it was only after she conveyed her decision to the management, the hospital trust started making arrangements and set up a special room for abdellatif within three days by turning an old accounts office into a specialised medical facility.
emans family had tried numerous local hospitals and even consulted doctors from greece.
but none could treat her successfully.
in fact, when she had a stroke two years ago, her sister had to run from pillar to post to look for a hospital mri scanning machine that could accommodate eman.
by the time of prognosis, eman had suffered a paralytic stroke, said a hospital staffer.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj intervened on saturday to help some 15 indians stranded near everest after some of them tweeted about their plight to her.
currently stranded in lukla since two days, nepal, with copter company looters refusing to evacuate us to kathmandu unless we pay 600 dollars per head, amit thadhani, a practising surgeon said in a tweet addressed to the external affairs ministers twitter handle, adding, we paid 200 dollars per head fare from kathmandu to lukla.
swaraj forwarded thadhanis tweet to the indian embassy in nepal, saying manjeev - pls see this, referring to the indian envoy manjeev singh puri.
the embassy responded: mission is in touch with them.
flights from lukla are cancelled due to bad weather.
we are trying to get them evacuated by helicopter.
bad weather has led to stranding of many trekkers around lukla.
taking advantage of the rush, helicopter companies are reportedly overcharging people.
another indian sourav ghosh tweeted: please help us to get out of here as we have been stranded for two days in lukla airport and helicopter operators are demanding insane amount of money for taking people out.
thanks a lot once again.
many other twitter uses forwarded the requests to the prime ministers of india and nepal.
situated at 2,860 metres, lukla is known as the gateway to mount everest.
it has a small airport, which is considered one of the most dangerous airports in the world.
lukla is a popular destination for trekkers in the summer season.
we are ready for talks.
we have never said that we are not ready for talks.
but theres a caveat.
this caveat has never been altered.
if the border is volatile, then talks are difficult.
terror and talks dont go together but talks on terror should go on, she said when asked if india will negotiate with pakistan at the highest levels.
we never said we are not ready for talks, but there is a caveat.
terror and talks cannot go together, be it post elections(pakistan general elections scheduled for july 25) or even before.
jab seema par janaze uth rahe hon,to baatcheet ki awaaz acchi nahi lagti: eam sushmaswaraj swaraj pic.
twitter.com/8pn4unulz1  ani (@ani) may 28, 2018swaraj also responded to a question on pakistans gilgit baltistan order 2018, which reportedly alters the status of the region and allows the country to exercise administrative authority on the disputed region.
the answer we got in response of what happened with the gilgit baltistan order is laughable.
they tried to teach us history.
pakistan always distorts history and doesnt believe in law.
the only thing i felt while reading their answer was, look whos talking, she said.
the answer we got in response of what happened with gilgit baltistan order 2018.
was laughabale.
they tried to teach us history.
pakistan always distorts history & doesn't believe in law.
only thing thing i felt while reading their answer was, 'look who's talking': eam swaraj.
pic.
twitter.com/hjwpebyprx  ani (@ani) may 28, 2018swaraj was addressing media personnel on the completion of four years of the narendra modi government and released a book on the achievements of her ministry.
listing the achievements of the government, she said, i was surprised to hear that there were so many countries that our leaders didnt go to.
when we formed our government, we thought that we will cover all the 192 countries part of the united nations, for ministerial level talks.
and we have covered 186 countries already.
some 90,000 people from the indian community have been rescued from various places.
in his visits to many countries, prime minister narendra modi has saved many people from severe punishments.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held talks with her kyrgyzstan counterpart, chingiz aidarbekov, in bishkek on tuesday ahead of a meeting of the council of foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
swaraj and aidarbekov held productive discussions on all aspects of bilateral relations, including political and defence ties, trade and investment and people-to-people ties, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
during her two-day visit to the kyrgyz capital, swaraj will also call on president sooronbay zheenbekov and hold several bilateral meetings.
pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi is also attending the meeting of foreign ministers but indian officials have ruled out the possibility of a bilateral meeting.
issues of international and regional importance would be discussed at the sco meeting.
the foreign ministers will also discuss and review preparations for the sco summit in bishkek from june 13 to14.
india was admitted as a full member of sco in 2017.
swarajs visit comes a month after nirmala sitharamans trip to bishkek to attend sco defence ministers conclave to boost security cooperation among the members of the grouping.
india is keen on deepening security-related cooperation with sco.
the us special representative for afghanistan reconciliation, zalmay khalilzad, has again skipped india during a multi-nation tour to brief leaders about his talks with the taliban, creating an impression in some quarters that he is keeping new delhi out of the loop.
khalilzad recently held a marathon round of talks with the taliban leadership in qatar, during which the two sides finalised a draft agreement on us troop withdrawal and assurances that afghan soil would not be used by any terror group.
on friday, khalilzad met pakistan foreign secretary tehmina janjua and foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi.
during his tour, from march 25 to april 10, khalilzad is travelling to afghanistan, the uk, belgium, pakistan, uzbekistan, jordan and qatar.
the us state department said this is part of the overall effort to facilitate a peace process that brings all afghan parties together in inclusive intra-afghan negotiations.
during his last multi-nation tour in february, khalilzad visited belgium, germany, turkey, qatar, afghanistan and pakistan.
he visited india for two days in january and met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
there has been no official response from new delhi to khalilzads recent tours.
however, india has conveyed to the us that any possible deal with the taliban should not alter the fundamental structure of the afghan constitution or erode the gains made over the past 17 years, especially in terms of the countrys democratic set-up and rights of groups such as women and minorities, people familiar with developments said.
in some quarters of new delhi and kabul, khalilzad is perceived to be aligning himself closely with pakistan on the talks with the taliban.
during stopovers on his recent tours, he has also held meetings with his counterparts from china and russia.
former ambassador rajiv bhatia, who is a distinguished fellow in the foreign policy studies programme at gateway house, said the us appeared to be still defining its policy for afghanistan.
the us wants a withdrawal and will get it too, but to what extent such a withdrawal promotes their interests remains to be seen.
the us will be accountable to history, he said.
the response in india to the latest developments in the talks between the us and the taliban has ranged between utter despair and quiet confidence, because of the belief in new delhi that things cant all go wrong, bhatia said.
but we have to be humble at this stage when there is a lot of churning going on  especially because we have some soft power in afghanistan but we lack hard power assets, he added.
pakistan stands to make short-term gains but the faultlines in afghanistan are bound to re-emerge because the afghans will want a sovereign, independent nation and not be a colony.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has spoken to india ambassador in the us navtej s sarna in the wake reports of killing of a sikh man in a suspected hate crime in that country.
i have spoken to our ambassador mr.navtej s.sarna @indianembassyus.
we are committed to help and protect all indian citizens abroad, she tweeted late on sunday night.
her response came hours after punjab chief minister amarinder singh brought the incident of the killing of the sikh man to swarajs notice.
@sushmaswaraj another sikh youth killed in suspected hate crime in us, seek your help to protect sikhs living abroad (sic), singh tweeted.
as per reports, a 32-year-old punjabi man, jagjeet singh, was stabbed to deathoutside a grocery store in california on friday.
shimla as taps ran dry for the eighth day running in some parts of shimla, which is facing unusually high temperatures and a heavy tourist rush in the holiday season, residents of the lower bazaar area finally lost patience.
about 100 people staged a midnight sit-in protest outside the waterworks office on the main mall road.
the police managed to stop them only when they were heading for chief minister jai ram thakurs residence.
the protesters accused the municipal corporation (mc) of discriminatory treatment, saying water was not being distributed in specific localities.
reaching the main water control room at about 12 midnight they raised slogans against the mc authorities before heading for the cms official residence located close by.
as policemen arrived on the scene and prevented them from marching onwards, the crowds were involved in scuffles with them near the marina hotel.
a case was later registered against former congress councillor sanjeev kuthiala and his wife sushmaswaraj , a sitting councillor, for obstructing a government official from discharging his duties.
there is no water in the area for the last one week.
the residents were told that supply would be restored on sunday but nothing happened.
the people are agitated about the (government) inaction.
she also alleged that the policemen manhandled the women protesters.
the communist party of india marxist also staged a protest on monday outside the deputy commissioners office.
shimla gets its water from three main perennial sources.
gumma, the main source, draws water from the shimla catchment sanctuary which is spread over 10.
25 sq km and fed by nine streams.
the british built a large water storage tank for supply to the main town.
other sources are chairh, giri and churat.
supply from ashwani khad, another source, was suspended two years ago after sewage contamination led to a jaundice outbreak that claimed 34 lives and affected hundreds of locals.
against its daily requirement of 45 million litres per day (mld) the capital of himachal pradesh is just getting 20 mld water, as sources are drying up rapidly in the summer.
many localities in the town have been without water for eight days, with some areas in kasumpti not getting supply for the last 11 days.
some areas are inaccessible, my tankers cannot supply water there, says narender thakur, former councillorthe water shortage has hit the hospitality industry too in the peak tourist season.
many bookings have been cancelled in the last two to three days.
when the government cannot provide water then it should stop promoting shimla as tourist destination, says suresh dogra, a travel agent on the mall road.
a majority of hoteliers in shimla have engaged private tankers to make up for the shortage.
the government has pressed into service as many as 34 weater tankers to meet the water requirements of the peopleboxsales of disposable glasses, plates, and packaged water peaksales of disposable glasses, plates and packaged water have peaked in the himachal pradesh capital.
we prefer using disposable plates to conserve water, says ishana singh, a resident of chotta shimla.
a shopkeeper in lakkar bazaar, mansoor, who uses just one name, says earlier i used to sell about 100 bottles of water per day and now i supply about 1000 bottles per day.
chinas decision to temporarily back off from convincing india to join the belt and road initiative (bri) during the wuhan summit between prime minister narendra modi and president xi jinping could be based on carefully considered reasons.
beijing has realised that new delhi will not budge from its position that one of the flagship projects under the bri, the china-pakistan economic corridor (cpec) violates its sovereignty as it passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir (pok).
india has officially put forward this position far too many times to back out now.
second, beijing has recognised that it is possible to have economic cooperation with india outside the bri.
bilateral trade, for one, reached a record high of $84.
4 billion, up 20.
3  from 2016, the fastest growth for five years.
according to official chinese data, trade in q1 of the current year hit $22.
1 billion, up 15.
4 percent year on year.
only last monday, india was the only country not to express support for the bri at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) foreign ministers meeting in beijing.
india and pakistan joined the sco last year.
external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj did not express support for the bri the joint communique released after the foreign ministers meeting.
seven other foreign ministers from kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, pakistan, russia, tajikistan and uzbekistan reaffirmed support for chinas belt and road proposal, the communique said.
in the air of bilateral bonhomie created by the modi-xi informal summit, chinese vice-foreign minister kong xuanyou told reporters that china does not think it is important whether india accepts chinas belt and road infrastructure project and china wont force it to.
he also played down differences over the bri and said china wasnt concerned by india not supporting it as long as they both shared common interests on connectivity.
when it comes to connectivity my impression is that china and india do not have any principled disagreements, kong said.
according to kong, modi and xi did not talk about the specific wording or expression of the belt and road.
but many things china and india are planning to do are in keeping with what the bri stands for, he said, including the industrial parks china is building in india.
kong also mentioned the bangladesh, china, india, myanmar (bcim) corridor that predates the bri but which beijing has included as one of the six flagship economic corridors under the bri.
kong said china sees the bcim as an important part of the bri.
india does not oppose the bcim and in fact is cooperating with us on it, and it is progressing very smoothly.
china will be happy of course that all other south asian countries are either part of the bri or have expressed support for it.
for beijing and new delhi, the tough task will be it to set aside the differences over bri and look for convergences in other economic sectors and connectivity projects.
seven countries, led by saudi arabia and bahrain, on monday severed ties with qatars, accusing it of backing terrorism and opening up a rift among some of the most powerful arab states that could have repercussions for the indian economy and expatriates.
bahrain was the first to snap ties, followed by saudi arabia, the united arab emirates, egypt, yemen, libya and the maldives.
they accused qatar of backing groups such as al-qaeda, islamic state and the muslim brotherhood and pushing policies that were destabilising the region.
qatar denied the accusations and expressed regret and utter surprise at the coordinated move by the countries that are key players in opec and the gulf cooperation council (gcc).
the foreign ministry criticised the unjustified measures and said there was a smear campaign to harm qatar.
as saudi arabia closed its borders and snapped land, air and sea links, residents rushed to supermarkets to stock up on food, doha news reported.
people stocked up on water, milk, meat and rice and photographs of empty shelves in stores circulated on social media, though qatars foreign ministry said the border closing would not affect normal life.
qatar is home to an estimated 700,000 indians  whose remittances in 2015 were worth $3.
98 billion  and sources said there was no panic in the expatriate community.
people are stocking up but theres nothing to worry about, a source said.
indian authorities were keeping a close watch on food supplies and flights in and out doha against the backdrop of increasing enquiries from indian nationals about the situation.
the sources said they did not expect the spat to last long as such a situation would not benefit qatar.
a similar spat in 2014 was settled in nine months but at that time, only diplomats were withdrawn and borders were not sealed.
qatar gets most of its supplies from saudi arabia and it wouldnt make sense to prolong this row, a source said.
map of the middle east showing countries which have severed diplomatic relations with qatar.
(afp)however, other sources acknowledged a prolonged crisis could have an impact as qatar is completely dependent on saudi arabia and the uae for food and other essential supplies.
there is no challenge arising out of this for us.
this is an internal matter of gcc.
our only concern is about indians there.
we are trying to find out if any indians are stuck there, she told reporters.
the spat threatens the prestige of qatar, which hosts a large us military base and is set to host the 2022 world cup.
several countries gave qatari diplomats and nationals between 48 hours and two weeks to leave their soil.
qatars envoy to egypt was also told to leave in two days.
several airlines, including etihad airways, emirates and flydubai, said they would cancel flights to and from doha from tuesday.
the arab states also closed their airspace to qatar airways, which suspended all its flights to saudi arabia.
the saudi-led coalition fighting yemens houthi rebels also expelled qatar.
qatar is important to india.
heres why $18bn size of annual bilateral trade between two countries700,000 the approximate number of indians in qatarqatar is the largest supplier of lng to india: it exports 15  of its output, which constitutes 65  of indias global lng importsindia also imports ethylene, propylene, ammonia, urea and polyethylene from qatar.
india is the third largest export destination for qatar (behind japan and south korea)on qatars imports list, india ranks 10th indian companies in qatar: l&t; punj lloyd; shapoorji palonji; voltas; simplex; tcs; wipro; mahindratech; hclindian banks in qatar: sbi, icici among others14 number of cbse schools in qatar with 30,000 students l&t; punj lloyd; shapoorji palonji; voltas; simplex; tcs; wipro; mahindratech; hclsbi, icici among othersnumber of cbse schools in qatar with 30,000 students size of annual bilateral trade between two countriesthe approximate number of indians in qatarqatars stock market index sank 7.
5  with some its top blue chips hardest hit.
oil prices rose after the moves against qatar, the largest supplier of liquefied natural gas (lng) and a major seller of condensate, a low-density liquid fuel and refining product derived from natural gas.
reza nourani, chairman of irans union of exporters of agricultural products, said food can be exported by sea to qatar, which relies on food trucked in from saudi arabia across its sole land border crossing.
he said food shipments from iran could reach qatar in 12 hours.
the current spat had its genesis in reports by qatars official news agency in late may that purportedly said the emir, tamim bin hamad al-thani, had criticised the us, offered backing for iran, reaffirmed support for hamas and the muslim brotherhood and described qatar-israel relations as good.
tweets from the news agencys official handle also said qatar was withdrawing its ambassadors from saudi arabia, bahrain, egypt and the uae.
qatari officials later denied these reports and said the news agencys website and twitter account had been hacked.
on monday, saudi arabia said in a statement through its spa state news agency that qatar embraces multiple terrorist and sectarian groups aimed at disturbing stability in the region, including the muslim brotherhood, isis (islamic state) and al-qaeda.
the statement added, qatar has also supported the activities of the iranian-backed terrorist groups in the qatif province of saudi arabia and in neighboring kingdom of bahrain.
it has also financed, adopted and is harboring extremists who seek to destabilise unity at home and abroad.
iran, long at odds with saudi arabia, blamed us president donald trump for setting the stage during his recent trip to riyadh.
foreign minister mohammad javad zarif urged qatar and its neighbours to engage in dialogue to resolve their dispute.
this april 2014 file photo shows the empty main terminal building of the hamad international airport (hia) in doha, qatar.
(ap)neighbours are permanent; geography cant be changed.
coercion is never the solution.
dialogue is imperative, especially during blessed ramadan, zarif tweeted.
he and his turkish counterpart, mevlut cavusoglu, discussed the developments in a phone conversation.
us secretary of state rex tillerson told reporters in sydney that the spat would not affect the fight against islamist militants and that washington has encouraged its gulf allies to resolve their differences.
turkey called for dialogue and said it was ready to help defuse the row.
there could be problems between the countries but dialogue must prevail in all circumstances, said cavusoglu.
the diplomatic rift might cost qatar and its neighbours billions of dollars by slowing trade and investment and making it more expensive for the region to borrow money as it grapples with low oil prices.
however, with an estimated $335 billion of assets in its sovereign wealth fund, qatar looks able to avoid an economic crisis over the decision by saudi arabia, egypt, the united arab emirates and bahrain to cut air, sea and land transport links.
the tiny states newly expanded port facilities mean it can continue lng exports that earned it a trade surplus of $2.
7 billion in april, and import by sea goods that used to come over its land border.
swaraj also rebuffed charges by congress leader mallikarjun kharge and cpi(m)s md salim of governments inaction and said every possible help was given to srinivas family.
in all three cases (of attacks on indians in us), the government has given all possible helps to the family of the victims.
the government took up the issues at high level of the us administration.
we have expressed our concern over such incidents and asked for speedy investigation, she said in her first speech in parliament after recuperating from surgery last year.
she revealed that after garmin employee kuchibhotla was shot dead by a former us soldier in kansas, prime minister narendra modi asked her every day what mea (ministry of external affairs) is doing and what it plans to do in future.
while narrating the steps taken by the government and the us response, she maintained that the indo-us relationship is based on the friendly relations between the people of the two countries.
thirty-two-year-old kuchibhotla and his colleague alok madasani, both employees at gps maker garmin, were shot by a former us soldier, who mistook them for middle-easterners.
since then, a sikh man had been shot and wounded in his driveway in kent by a white man in a mask, who shouted go back to your country.
and then, a video surfaced of indian families at a public park in ohio, apparently filmed by an anti-immigrant zealot who could barely conceal his racism and distaste for indians in the commentary.
the spate of attacks has left the three-million-strong indian american community worried and many say they are concerned about rising anti-immigrant feelings in the country following a divisive presidential election won by donald trump.
mohammad javad zarif, irans foreign minister, will hold discussions with his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday as the two countries look at the fallout of the united states pulling out of a nuclear deal with tehran and a fresh round of sanctions against the country, officials said.
us president donald trump pulled out of an international deal with iran to stop the latters nuclear programme and announced sanctions against the country, and also those countries trading with it.
though zarifs meeting with swaraj is slated for 6:30pm, he is likely to meet other indian officials as well.
bahram ghasemi, a spokesperson of the iran foreign ministry, said zarif will discuss the latest developments in bilateral relations and pave the way for expanding and deepening them.
ghasemi said the minister and the delegation will also discuss the latest regional and international developments with indian officials.
iran is the third largest source of indian oil export and india is making huge strategic investment in the chabahar port that connects afghanistan to central asia bypassing pakistan.
during iranian president hassan rouhanis visit to india in february, the two countries signed many pacts to deepen their bilateral cooperation.
zarif had earlier this month visited russia, china and the european union headquarters in brussels, belgium.
an indian student, who was allegedly brutally assaulted in poland and was reported to have died, has survived the attack, according to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
swaraj spoke to the indian ambassador to poland ajay bisaria on friday regarding the assault on an indian student in poznan city whose name was not disclosed.
she asked indian ambassador in poland ajay bisaria for a report after an indian, amit agnihotri, tagged her and the ministry to a media report that said an indian student was beaten to death in poznan city of poland.
indian student beaten to death in poznan city (poland) https://t.
co/37lgxclmwu @sushmaswaraj @meaquery @ndtv  amit agnihotri (@amit02a) march 31, 2017there was an incident of beating.
fortunately, he has survived.
we are inquiring into all aspects of the incident, she tweeted.
there was an incident of beating.
fortunately, he has survived.
we are inquiring into all aspects of the incident.
https://t.
co/uo9hj171ab  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 31, 2017bisaria had earlier tweeted, prelim enquiry suggests student attacked in poznan tram on wed.
thank god, he survived.
getting details.
this is from mr.ajay bisaria, indian ambassador in poland.
@amit02a https://t.
co/pjdlfpv6vo  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 31, 2017agnihotri later posted: racist issue similar to usa, the person shouted at him and then start hitting.
india is committed to building ties with pakistan in an environment free from terror and violence, president pranab mukherjee said here on wednesday.
mukherjee said this in his message to his pakistani counterpart mamnoon hussain on the eve of their national day on thursday.
on behalf of the government, the people of india and on my own behalf, i extend greetings to you and to the friendly people of pakistan on the occasion of your national day, he said.
india is committed to building ties with pakistan in an environment free from terror and violence, he said.
mukherjees missive comes amid unease in indo-pak ties following a series of terrorist attacks on army camps and tension along the border due to frequent ceasefire violations.
the last official dialogue between the two countries was held in december 2015 when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj travelled to islamabad and the two sides decided to resume comprehensive talks.
however, the thaw was short-lived as pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed militant group struck at strategically located indian air force base in pathankot on january one last year.
union home minister rajnath singh had visited islamabad in 2016 to attend the saarc interior ministers conference but there was no bilateral engagement between the two countries.
a canadian social worker on a bicycle tour of bastar who had gone missing in chhattisgarhs maoist-affected sukma district on monday and was feared to be in the custody of the rebels was found on wednesday afternoon, said police.
a police officer tracking the disappearance of 25-year-old john szlazak said the maoists had let him go.
police had sent a team of journalists and teachers inside the forest on wednesday morning to seek johns release and one of them found him in jungles of amarpalli.
john was released by maoists and some teachers and local journalists are bringing him to polampaalli, said special director general (anti-naxal operations) dm awasthi.
john was in the custody of junior cadre of maoists and they waited for their senior leaders to question him because they are unable to understand what he was saying.
the maoists released him after detailed quizzing, said awasthi.
he added that the sukma superintendent of police would investigate the case.
john, who was cycling across india, generated an emergency alert on a gps device installed in his cycle on monday.
his last location was traced near singanmadgu of south sukma, near the odisha border.
south sukma is considered the most dangerous part of bastar region and siganmadgu is a hotbed of maoists.
police said john reached mumbai on february 14 on a tourist visa.
on march 14, he left mumbai for chhattisgarh on a bicycle and his travel plan was chalked out by a city travel agent, according to a source.
john is a member of a canadian organisation, immigration refugees and citizenship, the source added.
following his disappearance, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted she had spoken to odisha chief minister naveen patnaik, and said john had gone missing from odishas koraput district, which borders sukma in chhattisgarh.
swaraj had also sought a detailed report from chhattisgarh government and state officials submitted it on tuesday afternoon.
read: two indians detained in war-torn libya, says foreign ministrylauding the mission, swaraj took to her twitter handle to share that with the rescue of dr kosanam, they have found out all the six indian abducted.
with this, we have rescued all the six indians abducted there.
i appreciate the good work done by our mission there.
/2  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) february 21, 2017dr kosanam hails from a village of krishna district in andhra pradesh and was working as a physician in the lbn-e-sina hospital at sirte in libya when he was abducted by islamic state militants on september 8, 2015.
he was working in libya since 1999.
read: one indian freed in libya, no info on the other captivelarge swathes of libya and syria are under the control of the extremist islamic state.
the indian government had advised its citizens to leave libya in july, 2014.
hailed for coming to the aid of indians in distress abroad, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday discovered that a kidnapped man in serbia who she tried to help had staged his own abduction.
hours after she responded to a call for rescuing an indian allegedly abducted and tortured in serbia, the union minister said on thursday the kidnapping was stage-managed and the video was fake.
swaraj intervened after she was approached by a netizen who tweeted: @sushmaswaraj please help my brother his life in big trouble somebody kidnap in serbia country and ask him send the money unless we kill him.
the video accompanying the tweet showed a shirtless man with his hands tied, being beaten up with a baton.
swaraj later tweeted, vinay mahajan has been found and is in safe custody of serbian authorities.
mr luther - this is because of the agent who sent him there.
this agent deserves exemplary punishment.
@protectorgengoi, she said in a series of tweets.
in a series of tweets, swaraj confirmed that the man was found in the custody of serbian police.
she said he was released after the indian high commission intervened, and is dure to return on march 25.
in response to the original sos, swaraj posted: rajiv - i have all the facts before me.
your brother was not abducted.
he stage managed his own abduction and the video is fake.
/2 @rajivsharma103 @indiainserbia  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 23, 2017reacting to a separate complaint of nearly 500 indian workers being deprived of salaries in bahrain, she tweeted: indian embassy in bahrain is seized of this matter and will help them.
pakistan army violated the ceasefire on monday along the line of control in jammu and kashmirs rajouri district amid the rising tension between the two countries over the death sentence to former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav.
a pakistani army court had sentenced jadhav to death for espionage and anti-state activities a few days ago.
diplomatic ties between india and pakistan plunged following jadhavs sentence, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warning islamabad of consequences if jadhavs death sentence was carried out.
jadhav was reportedly captured in balochistan in march last year.
he was tried by a field general court martial under provisions of the pakistan army act and the official secrets act.
pakistan army initiated heavy fire on loc from 0800 hours in naushera sector, defence spokesperson lt col manish mehta said.
mehta added it was an unprovoked firing by the pakistani side and that the indian army is retaliating strongly and effectively and the firing is presently on.
sources said firing and mortar shelling is taking place in makri, sair, kalsian, baba khori and sarya areas manned by the sikh light infantry and rajputana rifles.
the indian army foiled infiltration attempts twice in the past 24 hours by militants from the same location - kalsian in naushera sector which led pakistani troops to open heavy fire, they added.
reports of exchange of firing between the armed forces of the two countries are routine along the de-facto border.
both the countries accuse each other of repeatedly violating a 2003 ceasefire.
there had been several instances of cross-border firings and terrorist infiltrations within the country from pakistan.
from suit-boot ki sarkar and pay to modi to the recent earthquake and dog culture jibes in parliament, the congress and the bjp have been trading insults ever since narendra modi came to power in may 2014.
the confrontations, which have often stalled legislative business, turned personal on wednesday as the prime minister took a swipe at his predecessor in rajya sabha.
people should learn from dr (manmohan) singh the art of taking a bath wearing a raincoat, modi said, referring to singhs image remaining blemish-free even as he was surrounded by scams.
as an angry congress vows not to let modi speak in parliament, ht lists flashpoints between the main opposition party and the prime ministersuit boot ki sarkarsoon after his return from a 53-day sabbatical abroad on april 16, 2015, congress vice-president rahul gandhi launched an offensive against the bjp-led nda government.
from his rally at delhis ramlila ground on april 19 to his intervention during a debate on the agrarian crisis in the lok sabha the following day, gandhi mocked the government calling it a suit boot ki sarkar, a reference to modis monogrammed suit.
gandhi sought to project the government as pro-corporate and anti-poor.
lalitgatethe congress demanded the resignation of rajasthan cm vasundhara raje and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for allegedly helping former cricket administrator lalit modi obtain travel documents and leave england.
eventually, pm modi became the political target for allowing his party leaders to help a fugitive.
the congress, helped by other opposition parties, disrupted the house daily, demanding action and questioning the pms silence on the matter.
intolerancebetween 2014 and 2015, several eminent writers, artists and filmmakers returned awards given by the government to protest against events  murder of m kalburgi, a prominent rationalist scholar, the dadri lynching case and the 139-day stand-off by ftii students  that were viewed as promoting intolerance.
an election speech in december 2014 by union minister sadhvi niranjan jyoti allegedly promoting hatred was used by the congress to target modi in parliament.
land billas the nda government tried to amend the upa-era land acquisition laws, all hell broke loose.
the congress promptly attacked the pm, labeling him friend of the corporate as modi and his senior colleagues tried to defend the decision and repeatedly underlined the merits behind the move.
finally, the pm announced in his mann ki baat that the ordinance on land law amendments will not be renewed, sending the bill to a freezer.
khoon ki dalaliat a rally at delhis jantar mantar in october last year, gandhi attacked the pm and the bjp for trying to take political advantage of the september 29 surgical strikes on terror launch pads across the line of control.
humare jawan hain jinho ne khoon diya, jinhone hindustan ke liye surgical strike kiya, unke khoon ke peeche aap (pm) chhupe hain.
unki (soldiers) aap (pm) dalali kar rahe ho.
(our jawans sacrificed their lives, carried out surgical strikes, you are hiding behind their blood, you are exploiting their sacrificesyou are profiteering from the soldiersthis is totally wrong), he had said.
demonetisationthe gamble of banning 500 and 1,000-rupee banknotes led to a renewed confrontation between the congress and the pm.
the principal opposition party, which had initially supported the move, later termed the governments move as anti-poor, anti-farmer and anti-small business.
earthquakeduring the winter session last year, which was washed out because of ruckus over the governments note ban move, gandhi told reporters outside parliament that he had information about personal corruption by the prime minister and there would be an earthquake if he was allowed to speak in lok sabha.
hitting back, the prime minister told lok sabha this week that the earthquake had finally occurred.
though modi made the statement in the context of an earthquake in uttarakhand, the reference was obvious.
scaman acronym war started in uttar pradesh last week after the pm urged people at a meerut rally to rid the state of scam s for samajwadi (party), c for congress, a for akhilesh (yadav) and m for mayawati.
the next day, gandhi and akhikesh came up with their versions in kanpur -- s, in fact, stands for service, c for courage, a for ability and m for modesty, said gandhi.
akhilesh defined scam as save country from amit shah and modi.
fair and lovelygandhi coined the phrase fair and lovely scheme last year to attack modi over the governments income declaration scheme, saying it would enable industrialists to convert their black money into white.
modi has brought a fair and lovely scheme to wash off the sins of his industrialist friends, gandhi had said.
india and china on saturday agreed on measures to build on the consensus achieved by their leaders during recent talks in wuhan, including the next informal summit to be held in india in 2019 and steps to maintain peace along the disputed border.
president xi jinping accepted prime minister narendra modis invitation to visit india for the next informal summit.
they also agreed  as decided during their first informal summit at wuhan in april  to maintain strategic communications through various channels, including telephone calls and frequent meetings on the sidelines of multilateral events.
xis visit will be preceded by a flurry of high-level meetings this year, including meetings between the foreign, defence and home ministers and the national security advisers.
the special representatives on the border issue will also meet this year.
following the meeting between modi and xi on the margins of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) summit in the coastal city of qingdao, the two sides signed agreements on china providing hydrological information for the brahmaputra river and on exporting rice from india.
describing the nearly hour-long meeting as substantial and forward looking, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said both leaders made a very positive assessment of developments since they last met in the central city of wuhan during april 28-29.
ties between the two neighbours had nosedived following last years military standoff at doklam and also due to several other issues, including china blocking a move to sanction pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar at the un security council and beijings opposition to new delhis bid to join the nuclear suppliers group.
both sides have said the wuhan summit helped put the troubled relationship back on an even keel.
during his speech at the shangri-la dialogue in singapore on june 1, modi had talked about working closely with china and said an asia of cooperation could shape this century.
though new and old contentious issues remain, there has been a turnaround in bilateral ties since the military standoff was resolved last august.
tweeting about saturdays meeting, chinas envoy to india, luo zhaohui, said xi and modi had discussed the implementation of wuhan consensus and drawing (up a) blueprint for future china-india relations.
the indian foreign secretary agreed, saying the talks were underpinned by the spirit of the wuhan summit.
one of the important outcomes of todays meeting was that the chinese side conveyed that they accepted (modis) invitation to president xi jinping to have a similar informal summit in india in 2019, he said.
on the border dispute, gokhale said modi and xi agreed that under the special representatives mechanism, national security adviser ak doval and chinas foreign minister wang yi will meet later this year.
they agreed on the importance of maintaining peace and tranquillity along the border and continuing strategic communications on the issue.
the two militaries will continue to talk to each other to maintain peace, gokhale said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi will head a new mechanism to oversee people-to-people contacts, and will soon meet to discuss details.
gokhale said xi referred to the growing popularity of indian films and not only spoke about the success of the movie dangal in china, but also mentioned that baahubali 2 and other hindi movies had done well in the country.
the two leaders also agreed on increasing bilateral trade to $100 billion by 2020, and xi said china is ready to enhance agricultural imports from india.
to that end, one of the agreements signed on saturday amended the 2006 protocol on phytosanitary requirements for exporting rice from india to include the export of non-basmati varieties of rice.
the other mou enables the chinese side to provide hydrological data on the brahmaputra during the flood season from may 15 to october 15 every year.
it also enables china to provide data if the water level exceeds a mutually agreed level during the non-flood season.
india had said last year that china did not stick to an agreement to share hydrological data, or scientific information on the movement and quality of water, for the brahmaputra.
the two leaders also discussed china importing high quality pharmaceutical products from india.
xi said china will encourage indian companies to register in china for exports.
(modi) also conveyed to president xi jinping our readiness to permit the bank of china to establish a branch office in mumbai, gokhale said.
taking forward a decision made at wuhan to work jointly on a developmental project in war-torn afghanistan, the two leaders agreed to identify a capacity building project.
on afghanistan, there was a brief discussion on the projects.
one of the outcomes of todays meeting is that we have agreed we will move forward in identifying a specific project initially in the area of capacity building, gokhale said.
so, we have to begin the process of identifying it (the project), he added.
this was the 14th meeting between the two leaders over the past four years.
modi arrived here on saturday afternoon for a two-day visit to attend the annual sco summit.
xi called the wuhan summit a new starting point of bilateral relations and modi concurred, saying it was a milestone.
the leaders agreed the wuhan summit had helped develop mutual trust and understanding and take the relationship in a positive direction.
swaraj reiterated in the lok sabha that the attack on the foreign nationals was a criminal act and one should not jump the guns to call it racial.
i spoke to uttar pradesh chief minister demanding independent probe  six persons have been arrested in this regard, she said in the lok sabha.
you cant say our steps are inadequate.
we are committed to ensuring the security of all foreigners in india.
.
.
it is not right to connect with racism before probe ends.
i said this in the context of attacks in the us too, she said.
her reaction came after a group of african envoys said india didnt do enough to stop the attacks on africans.
a statement by the heads of african mission dated march 31 called for a condemnation of the attacks at the highest level in india and demanded an independent investigation by human rights bodies.
the document also called the attacks racist and xenophobic.
in abuja, olushola enikanolaiye, permanent secretary in nigerias foreign ministry, summoned indian envoy b nagabhushana reddy on wednesday and expressed displeasure over the attacks on nigerians and voiced concern that the incident was not the first of its kind.
opposition members also raised concern over the issue in the rajya sabha.
manish khari, a 17-year-old resident of nsg society in greater noida, went missing on march 24, only to be found in front of the building complexs gate in the morning next day in an inebriated condition.
a class 12 student of jp international school in greater noida, khari was admitted to a private hospital on march 25, where he died due to cardiac arrest at 4 pm.
enraged locals in greater noida thrashed several africans in a burst of fury following kharis death.
residents blamed the africans of plying boy with drugs.
a purported video of the assault went viral on social media that showed locals kicking and punching a kenyan man, sparking widespread outrage.
greater noida police booked 5 nigerian students of noida international university under the charges of kidnapping, culpable homicide and murder.
the next day, police arrested the nigerians in connection with the case, but let them go because of lack of proof.
things took another ugly turn when a group of locals, carrying out a candlelight march, attacked africans at ansal plaza mall in greater noida.
at least 6 africans were injured in the attack.
following the attack, police issued an advisory asking africans to refrain from travelling in greater noida.
they also deployed heavy security outside residential societies where africans live.
they were even escorted by the police for their safety.
security measures were relaxed from monday after the situation normalised.
she was replying to a written question in the rajya sabha yesterday on the impact of new visa and travel policy of the us on indian professionals.
she also said the government has been engaging with the us administration and the us congress at the senior levels regarding movement of skilled professionals.
as against rs 2,150.
52 crore received by it, india has given rs 4,478.
84 crore to other countries, the minister said.
african ambassadors to india have issued an unprecedented formal complaint criticising the weakness of new delhis response to the recent attacks on africans in greater noida.
while there is evidence the complaint did not represent the views of many african governments, there is nonetheless a message for indians as a whole.
the ambassadors complaint spoke of how, despite repeated cases of africans being assaulted by indians, there was no known, sufficient and visible deterring measures being taken by new delhi.
they argued that the recent attacks in greater noida were not sufficiently condemned and that these repeated attacks were xenophobic and racial in nature.
the indian government has been quick to insist that arrests have been made and, generally, the police have been active in most such cases  though this is often because of official prodding.
it is also a fact that the indian foreign minister normally speaks out against such incidents.
what is questionable is indian officialdoms insistence such attacks are not racist.
new delhi makes a specious argument that if such assaults are not pre-meditated and specifically motivated by an africans physical appearance, then such incidents are not racial.
a minority of the africans  as is the case with almost every class of foreigner in india  face violence because they are involved in criminal activities.
but it is also clear that indians use this is an excuse to go after anyone of african appearance, irrespective of whether they are involved in any crime.
more importantly, racism is ultimately defined by the perception of the victim.
any person of black origin who lives in india faces a steady stream of petty racism whether in the form of verbal abuse, social ostracisation, and discrimination in such issues as housing.
inevitably, if they are attacked by a mob they will assume their skin colour is part of the reason.
the aam aadmi party all but made african-bashing an electoral selling point.
it is hypocritical that new delhi is quick to declare attacks on people of indian origin in the west as racist while steadfastly refusing to admit what happens on the home front.
the bjp is unlikely to support a second term for president pranab mukherjee.
the 13th president of india completes his term on july 24 and the bjp wants its candidate to replace the veteran congressman.
bihar chief minister nitish kumar was the first to support the demand for second term this week, and his west bengal counterpart mamata banerjee backed the idea in a meeting with congress chief sonia gandhi.
the question (for another term) does not arise, a senior bjp leader said.
we have nothing against him but here is an opportunity for the party to get a president from within the family.
at least three union ministers ht spoke to said mukherjees relationship with prime minister narendra modi remained warm.
but there were moments of unease too.
mukherjees remarks at the height of the intolerance debate did not go down well with the ruling establishment.
the government always felt the debate was manufactured and did not merit his intervention.
an electoral college comprising mps and mlas elect the president and the ruling nda is 20,000-odd votes short of the majority.
support from ysr congress will fill that gap and any further help will only strengthen the ndas position.
scientist apj abdul kalam was the first, and the last, nda candidate to become president in 2002.
he did not belong to the bjp but was propped up to take the fizz out of the oppositions plan to block an nda nominee to the rashtrapati bhavan.
the nda is better placed this time than in 2002 to get a non-congress political leader elected to the top post.
it will take us half an hour to decide on our candidate, a senior bjp leader told ht.
we havent discussed names yet.
jharkhand governor draupadi murmu, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, urban development minister m venkaiah naidu, and a few others are seen as contenders from the ruling side.
a discussion with the rss, the bjps ideological mentor, will take place before the announcement of the name.
the opposition, too, is discussing names, such as former west bengal governor gopal krishna gandhi and former lok sabha speaker meira kumar, but a decision is yet to be taken.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday assured a pakistani man medical visa for his father provided the case was recommended by the countrys adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz.
taking to twitter to present his case, saeed ayub said i sold half of my assets 4 (for) my fathers liver transplant from india and now no medical visa for us.
why only common man suffers.
we will give you the visa.
sartaj aziz sahib should recommend your case.
my sympathies are with you.
we will give you the visa.
sartaj aziz sahib should recommend your case.
https://t.
co/zzvqjafigy  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) june 4, 2017only a letter of recommendation by pakistan foreign affairs advisor sartaj aziz will enable a pakistani national to get a medical visa for india, the external affairs ministry had said recently, a condition reflective of the strained ties between the two neighbours.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addressed an annual press conference of her ministry in new delhi on monday, and spoke on a range of issues.
here are the highlights:on pakistan and kashmirwe dont spend so much time, energy on pakistan.
for us, pakistan is any other country.
remember three issues: we want to resolve all issues through dialogue, dialogue will be bilateral and terror and talks cant go simultaneously.
prime minister narendra modi took an out-of-the-box initiative to fly down to lahore.
we are not going one step forward, two step backward on pakistan.
there are no meeting scheduled between pm modi and nawaz shariff in asthana, during the forthcoming summit of the sanghai cooperation organisation (sco).
pakistan can no way take the kashmir issue to the international court of justice (icj), it can only be resolved bilaterally.
we are very clear, no third-party mediation in talks with pakistan.
as long as the case filed in icj is not resolved, kulbhushan jadhav cant be given capital punishment.
on chinacpec is about sovereignty.
kashmir is integral part of india, no question of compromise.
our policies are not to counter any country but we agree connectivity in principle.
has it been made through consultations?
did it compromise territorial integrity?
we cant accept a road through kashmir which we consider as an integral part of india.
india will raise airspace violation in uttarakhands chamoli district issue with china.
on global issuesindia had signed the paris agreement neither under any pressure nor for the lure of funds.
we did it due to our commitment.
whether the us stays or not, we will remain committed to the paris climate deal.
the diplomatic rift in the gulf will have no effect on our relation and agreement with qatar.
this is an internal matter of gulf coordination council.
our only concern is about indians there.
we are trying to find out if any indians are stuck there.
yes, concern is there (on us curbs on h1b1 visas) but there are amendments that cant be made through executive order.
on her ministrys achievements80,000 people stranded abroad brought back to india in the last three years.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs two-day visit to israel from january 17 is expected to give a boost to burgeoning cooperation in areas as diverse as counter-terrorism and water management.
swarajs visit also reflects indias traditional balancing act between palestine and israel.
she will first travel to ramallah for talks with the palestinian leadership before heading to israel for her two-day visit.
though india established diplomatic relations with israel 24 years ago, things remained firmly in the closet for almost a decade.
the first visit by an indian foreign minister to israel took place in 2000 under the first nda government, when jaswant singhs trip led to the formation of a joint anti-terror commission.
for a long time, security and defence cooperation has underpinned the bilateral relationship  india has emerged the largest buyer of israeli military hardware and only russia supplies more defence equipment to india than israel.
bjp-led governments have had fewer reasons to be cautious about the relationship with israel and swarajs visit is expected to pave the way for a trip by prime minister narendra modi  the first such visit by an indian premier.
israel is rolling out the red carpet for swaraj, who is no stranger to the country.
she visited israel in 2008 as chairperson of the indo-israel parliamentary friendship group.
during the current trip, she will meet president reuven rivlin, prime minister benjamin netanyahu, defence minister moshe yaalon, national infrastructure minister yuval steinitz and members of the jewish-indian community.
israeli ambassador daniel carmon said this week the greater visibility of the bilateral relationship was no longer ceremonial and the two sides are working closely on similar challenges and joint interests.
defence continues to be a central pillar of the bilateral relationship  indian and israeli warships successfully tested the jointly developed barak long-range surface-to-air missile system during november-december, which will now serve as a missile defence shield for warships and key facilities such as offshore oil platforms.
but israel also wants to be a key player in the make in india initiative, especially in defence manufacturing through technology transfers and joint research, technology start-ups and cyber-security.
swarajs visit will also provide the israeli leadership an opportunity to brief her on the israeli perspective on latest developments in the volatile middle east.
despite the growing convergence, iran remains an area where the two sides have differing perspectives.
iran is an important source of energy supplies for india but carmon pointed out that iran doesnt even recognise the existence of israel when he was asked if new delhi could help improve relations between the two countries.
india will push ahead with its deal to buy the s-400 air defence systems from russia despite opposition from the us, defence ministry officials said on condition of anonymity.
according to them, the defence ministry will approach the apex cabinet committee on security (ccs) for approval to purchase five units of russian s-400 air defence systems.
they added that the ministry has received no instructions as of now to stall the contract in the wake of the us red-flagging the $5.
5 billion deal.
the trump administration has warned india of the consequences of this purchase from russia and said it could curtail military cooperation with the united states.
the officials said the ccs headed by prime minister narendra modi will take the final decision now that both the countries have completed negotiations to close the deal.
the defence ministrys view is that russia, which has already sold the system to china, could also sell it to pakistan, perhaps through china, if india reneges on the deal at this stage.
in the past decade, russian rd-93 engines were supplied to pakistan through the china route for jf-17 fighters despite objections in writing fromindia.
while india has taken note of objections raised by william thornberry, the powerful chairman of the us house armed services committee and the ambit of the countering americas adversaries through sanctions act (catsa), it is open to sharing each others security concerns.
the purchase of s-400 system will be up for discussion at the two-plus-two dialogue between indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman with their us counterparts secretary of state mike pompeo and secretary of defense jim mattis on july 6 at washington.
it is learnt that at the two-plus-two dialogue the two sides will flag security concerns over the contract and how to best come out of a sticky situation without any ramification on the close bilateral ties.
the officials said that new delhi has already used back channels to explain indias concerns and the need for a strong air defence system given the neighbourhood.
the indian air force (iaf), given the advance aerial capabilities of china and pakistan, needs the s-400 to protect its air bases.
prime minister modis national security advisor ajit doval ia believed to have made made quiet calls to both the white house and the kremlin to convince both the countries that india is too big a nation to belong to any camp and that it takes all decisions in its own national interest.
two senior clerics from delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who were reported missing in pakistan, have been taken into custody by intelligence agencies for suspicious activities, sources said on friday.
the clerics - asif nizami, 82, and nazim ali nizami, 66  are members of the extended family of the sajjada nashin (hereditary administrator) of the shrine in delhi.
they were reported missing on thursday after their families were unable to contact them in pakistan, where they had gone for a pilgrimage.
there was official silence on the issue but the sources said late on friday night that the clerics had been detained by intelligence agencies.
the sources did not give details of the suspicious activities for which they were held.
there was no information on the current whereabouts of the two men.
the sources also said no fir has been filed against the clerics.
the clerics reportedly visited the dargah of khwaja fariduddin masud ganjshakar, popularly known as baba farid, at pakpattan, some 160 km from lahore, on march 13.
the next day, the visited the data darbar dargah in lahore.
photo of clerics nazim ali nizami and asif nizami at a sufi shrine in pakistan.
(whatsapp)sources said when the clerics went to lahore airport to take a flight to karachi on march 15, nazim ali nizami was detained while asif nizami was allowed to board the aircraft.
though asif nizami reached karachi, his relatives were unable to trace him at the airport, the sources added.
the clerics also shared photos with their relatives on whatsapp that apparently showed them at the data darbar shrine.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan.
both are missing after they landed at karachi airport.
/3  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 17, 2017pakistans foreign office spokesman nafees zakaria told the media that an indian request for assistance for recovering the clerics had been received.
he said this request had been forwarded to the interior ministry, which is actively pursuing the matter.
asif nizamis family said the clerics left for pakistan on march 6 and had their return flight scheduled on thursday, which they failed to make.
amir, the son of asif nizami, said his father was visiting pakistan after 35 years and had last spoken to the family at 4 pm on wednesday.
they had planned to travel to karachi to meet asif nizamis sister.
a home ministry official visited us today (friday) and told us the government is following the matter and taking it up seriously, amir said.
a truck drove into a crowd on a shopping street and crashed into a department store in central stockholm on friday, killing three people and wounding eight in what the prime minister said appeared to be a terrorist attack.
part of central stockholm was cordoned off and the area was evacuated, including the main train station.
all subway traffic was halted on orders from the police.
sweden has been attacked.
everything points to the fact that this is a terrorist attack, prime minister stefan lofven told reporters during a visit in western sweden.
he was immediately returning to the capital.
read | truck drives into crowds in stockholm killing three people, sweden pm calls it terror attacknobody has been arrested in connection with the attack police said.
there was no immediate claim of responsibility.
several attacks in which trucks or cars have driven into crowds have taken place in europe in the past year.
al qaeda in 2010 urged its followers to use trucks as a weapon.
video | people running from the scene of the incident in stockholm after a truck rammed into a store:crowds running from scene of incident in #stockholm after car ramming attack pic.
twitter.com/3uoegbh3vr  standwithus (@standwithus) april 7, 2017follow live updates here:1:10 am: the person arrested from a north stockholm suburb has been identified, say swedish police.
he resembles the picture and the description of a man that police went public with after the attack.
we went public with information and a picture of a person that we were interested in.
the person who is arrested resembles that description which means we have particular interest in him in regard to the ongoing investigation, regional police official jan evensson told a news conference.
police also said it had heightened security at swedish borders.
12.
20 am: swedish police says the death toll has now gone up to four, according to tt news agency.
april 8 | 12.
00 am: aftonbladet newspaper, quoting sources, says a man has been arrested in northern stockholm and that he has claimed responsibility for the attack.
the man has some light injuries and said he was responsible for the attack, aftonbladet said citing several unnamed sources.
police declined to comment.
11.
45 pm: stockholms subway service has been cleared to restart after a deadly truck attack earlier in the day, but all bus traffic in the centre of the city remains at a standstill, the public transport authority said.
the authority said trains would not stop at the two stations closest to where the truck attack took place.
11.
20 pm: indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweets that all embassy officials are safe after the terror attack.
she has also listed helpline numbers for those stranded to contact:i am in touch with indian ambassador in sweden.
the attack was very close to indian embassy.
our embassy officials are safe.
@indiainsweden  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 7, 2017urgent mobile number: 0768982764 (counsellor), 0734262097 (first secretary & hoc)]  india in sweden (@indiainsweden) april 7, 201711.
15 pm: swedish police said they were interviewing two people in relation to the deadly truck attack.
i can confirm that we have taken in two people for questioning, but that does not necessary means that they are suspects, police spokesman lars bystrom said.
we want to talk to everybody who knows anything about this and sometimes its better to talk at the police station than place of event.
11.
00 pm: police have restricted traffic on the oresund bridge between sweden and denmark following the attack.
restricted flow at the toll station at the request of swedish police, the bridges information service said.
10.
30 pm: russian president vladimir putin has sent a telegram of condolence to swedens monarch in the wake of the fatal truck crash in stockholm that officials say was likely a terror attack.
in our country, people know, and not by hearsay, about the atrocities of international terrorism.
at this difficult time, russians mourn together with the people of sweden, putin said in the message to king carl xvi gustaf that was published on the kremlin website friday.
here are reactions from other world leaders.
10.
00 pm: swedish national rail company says all trains to and from stockholm central station have been cancelled for the rest of the day due to the truck attack.
9.
30 pm: swedish police do not have the driver of the truck in custody but released a picture of a suspect captured on video surveillance cameras near the scene of the attack.
we do not have contact with the driver, national police chief dan eliasson told reporters, as another police officer showed a picture of a man wearing a white sweater and dark hoodie under a military green jacket, with dark stubble on his face.
swedish police released this picture gleaned from surveillance camera footage.
(twitter/aftonbladet)stockholm police has also urged people not to drive into the centre of the city.
8.
46 pm: the european union offered sweden support and solidarity following the attack.
an attack on any of our member states is an attack on us all, said eu chief executive jean-claude juncker.
one of europes most vibrant and colourful cities appears to have been struck by those wishing it  and our very way of life  harm.
swedens nordic neighbours also expressed their horror.
terrible news from stockholm.
our thoughts are with our neighbours and friends in sweden, finlands prime minister juha sipila wrote in swedish on his twitter account.
it hurts deep into my heart that our swedish brothers and sisters have been exposed to such an abominable attack, said danish prime minister lars lokke rasmussen in a statement.
we stand in solidarity with the people of #sweden.
an attack on any of our member states is an attack on us all https://t.
co/ydyihokksv  jean-claude juncker (@junckereu) april 7, 20178.
45 pm: norways police announce that security personnel in the largest cities and at oslo airport will be carrying weapons until further notice in the wake of the attack.
police officers in norway, which borders sweden, do not usually carry guns on them.
in finland, police increased patrols in the capital helsinki.
read | in pics: panicked citizens run for cover as cops, emergency services swing in to action in sweden8.
40 pm: facebook activates its safety check feature.
8.
30 pm: swedish police spokesman now says that they cannot confirm that anybody has been arrested in stockholm in connection with the attack.
no one has been arrested currently, the police said in a statement.
given what has happened in other parts of europe, we cannot currently exclude that this is a terrorist crime.
8.
25 pm: the indian embassy in sweden tweets helpline numbers for any indian national affected by the attack.
they are requested to contact the embassy on 08-4117090, 08-107008.
8.
20 pm: prime minister narendra modi tweets, condemning the attack in stockholm.
my thoughts are with the families of the deceased and prayers with those injured.
india stands firmly with the people of sweden in this hour of grief.
@swedishpm  narendra modi (@narendramodi) april 7, 20178.
15 pm: swedish police has ordered the evacuation of the central train station in stockholm after a truck drove into a crowd in a nearby pedestrian street, news agency tt reported, citing property owner jernhusen.
8.
00 pm: the spendrups brewery, to whom the truck reportedly belongs, confirmed to stockholm newspaper dagens nyheter that the truck involved in the attack was theirs.
communications director mrten lith is quoted as saying that the driver of the truck made a delivery to the caliente restaurant to a side street off drottninggatan.
when the driver was about to unload the truck, a person got in and drove away and the vehicle is considered stolen.
police officers work at the scene where a truck crashed into the ahlens department store at drottninggatan in central stockholm.
(afp photo)7.
50 pm: news agency tt, quoting swedish police, says three people are confirmed dead in the truck attack.
swedish prime minister stefan lofven also says one person has been arrested in truck department store crash, reports the associated press.
7.
42 pm: ani now tweets that the incident happened just a few metres from the indian embassy.
they also quote a witness as saying: i was in a nearby store on drottninggatan street when the attack happened, there was a lot of chaos, people crying.
7.
39 pm: aftonbladet news outlet posted this image of stockholm police escorting a suspect away from the scene:7.
40 pm: the truck is claimed to be owned by the spendrups brewery, aftonbladet news reported.
we have not got hold of the driver.
we know nothing about what is happening, spendrups communications director mrten lyth told them.
7.
37 pm: stockholm police tweets, urging people to stay at home.
polisen uppmanar mnniskor att stanna hemma och undvika city.
sprid detta till de ni knner.
#stockholm  polisen stockholm (@polisen_sthlm) april 7, 20177.
33 pm: saw two people lying on street, heard loud noises, saw three others injured, helicopters flying: indian ambassador to sweden monika mohta tells ani.
7.
32 pm: swedish prime minister stefan lofven says everything indicates truck crashing into department store is a terror attack.
the government is being kept up-to-date and is doing everything it can to assist the relevant authorities in their work.
i encourage everyone to be vigilant and to pay attention to the information from the police.
swedish intelligence agency says a large number of injured when truck crashes into stockholm department store.
7.
30 pm: reuters now reports, quoting a swedish security official, that at least two people were killed and many were injured when a truck drove into a crowd in the centre of swedens capital stockholm.
7.
20 pm: the attack happened 100 metres from the indian embassy in stockholm.
according to embassy sources, all embassy staff - local and indian - are reported to be safe.
7.
15 pm: reuters also now reports that three people have been killed in the incident.
at the request of police, all train services connecting stockholm central station have been suspended, says transport agency in a press release.
7.
10 pm: swedish newspaper aftonbladet quotes an eyewitness: i saw hundreds of people running for their lives.
according to a sveriges radio reporter at the scene, at least three people are believed to have been killed.
swedish broadcaster svt says shots have been fired.
the swedish news agency tt says several people have been rushed away in ambulances, and live television footage showed smoke coming out of the department store that the truck smashed into.
7.
00 pm: reuters witness reports that body-like forms seen covered by blankets at scene of the incident in central stockholm.
reuters also reports that swedish television footage shows the truck sticking out the side of the department store.
6.
50 pm: thick smoke was rising from the scene, while video images showed an area blocked off by police and crowds gathering around the police cordon.
helicopters could be heard hovering in the sky over central stockholm, and a large number of police cars and ambulances were dispatched to the scene, witnesses said.
the son of the nizamuddin dargah head priest, who has gone missing in pakistan, has pleaded that his father be released as he is not involved in any activity that should invite any action.
sajid ali nizami told reporters that his father syed asif nizami (80) went missing at karachi airport while few others, including nazim nizami, who were travelling with him were detained at lahore.
we have this information that he (syed) is in karachi.
our relatives went to the airport to receive them but he never came out.
they directed them to send my father to karachi alone.
but then he never came out of the airport.
whoever has him, we just want to tell them we are not involved in any activity.
we are sufi people.
we belong to hazrat nizamuddin, we are staying here for the last 700 years.
we want him to be released as soon as possible, sajid said.
syed afsar ali nizami, in-charge of the dargah hazrat nizamuddin auliya, said they were yet to receive any information about their whereabouts.
the two had gone to visit the famous daata darbar shrine in lahore and were to catch a flight to karachi on wednesday.
the death sentence awarded by a pakistani military court to former indian naval officer kulbhushan jadhav has the family of a captured bsf soldier in faridkot worried.
surjit singh, who was captured by the pakistani army in jammus samba sector during the 1971 war, has been languishing in a prison in the neighbouring country since then.
his son, amrik, has now asked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to ensure that he is released at the earliest.
they will hang my father too.
the death sentence awarded to jadhav has shaken us, amrik said in a letter to swaraj.
i have never seen my father, but i have been running from pillar to post to get him freed.
i want to hug him at least once in my lifetime, he said.
amrik said he would meet swaraj on monday.
surjits wife, angrej kaur, was only 19 when he went missing.
she had been blessed with a son days before her world turned upside down.
i still remember surjits love for his country.
i have lost all hope of seeing my husband again, she said.
after repeated attempts by the indian army to trace the bsf soldier went in vain, the family was given his death certificate and extended all benefits in 1974.
however, it was by a twist of fate that they came to know that surjit was still alive as a prisoner of war.
we had accepted our fate.
however, in 2004  when pakistan released 36 indian prisoners  we came to know that my father was still alive and lodged at kot lakhpat jail.
in 2005, bjp leaders navjot singh sidhu (who has now joined congress) and smriti irani accompanied me in protesting at jantar mantar.
i even met the then prime minister manmohan singh, but to no avail, amrik said.
in 2013, another prisoner released by pakistan disclosed that surjit was languishing in a quetta jail.
however, bleak as things may look now, amrik is in no mood to quit his struggle.
i wont give up till my father is released, he said.
a pakistani army court had sentenced former kulbhushan jadhav to death for espionage and anti-state activities a few days ago.
diplomatic ties between india and pakistan plunged following jadhavs conviction, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj warning islamabad of consequences if jadhavs death sentence was carried out.
jadhav was reportedly captured in balochistan in march last year.
he was tried by a field general court martial under provisions of the pakistan army act and the official secrets act.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to her us counterpart mike pompeo on saturday about flexibility in us sanctions on iranian oil imports but americas top diplomat was non-committal, people familiar with developments said.
swaraj explained indias political and economic conditions to pompeo and sought some relaxation as making immediate arrangements for 23.
5 million tonnes of oil  the amount supplied by iran every year  from an alternative source was not possible, the people said.
however, pompeo did not make any commitment and told swaraj the matter was no longer handled at his level as a decision had been made by the us administration to strictly enforce sanctions, the people added.
pompeo and swaraj were initially scheduled to speak a day before the us secretary of state announced on april 22 that the trump administration will no longer grant exemptions from sanctions to any country importing iranian oil.
the call could not go through only because of scheduling issues and the two leaders finally spoke on saturday, said another person familiar with developments.
the conversation was part of regular bilateral consultations and the two leaders also touched on issues to strengthen the india-us strategic partnership, the person added, asking not to be named.
india, which imports more than 80  of the crude oil it processes, gets about 10  of its supplies from iran on concessional terms, including deferred payments and shipping at the expense of tehran.
indian officials had held extensive consultations with their american counterparts about an extension of the six-month exemption from sanctions announced last november and were expecting a positive outcome.
in november, the us granted exemptions, known as significant reduction exceptions, to china, india, italy, greece, japan, south korea, taiwan and turkey for six months.
turkey and china, the two other largest importers of iranian oil, have no plans to comply with the us demand to go to zero by may 2, when the exemptions end.
the us decision not to give further exemptions to the sanctions is expected to disrupt energy supplies from iran.
however, the indian government said last week it had put in place a robust plan to ensure the us sanctions dont affect supplies of crude oil to refineries.
india also said it will continue to work with partners, including the us, to protect the countrys energy security.
the us has conveyed to india that its decision will affect washingtons friends and partners but was intended to put maximum pressure on iran, people familiar with developments said.
the ending of the exemptions was not aimed specifically at india or intended to pit india against iran, they added.
global oil prices, which spiked after the april 22 statement, have seen a downward trend since april 26, after the american assurance on the supply situation.
benchmark brent crude fell by eight cents to $72.
07 per barrel on monday.
last week, the white house issued a statement reiterating its decision to bring irans oil exports to zero and deny the regime its principal source of revenue.
the statement also said that the three of the worlds great energy producers were working to ensure global oil markets remain well supplied.
narendra modi is expected to visit israel by the middle of this year, a first by any indian prime minister to the jewish nation.
amar sinha, secretary (economic relations), said the prime ministers visit is on cards but declined to divulge details.
sources in the ministry of external affairs indicated the visit could take place somewhere around june.
israels prime minister benjamin netanyahu is also likely to visit india this year.
the two nations are celebrating 25 years of diplomatic ties this year.
speaking at an art exhibition-- hodu and the jews-- here, sinha said although both the countries have cooperation in the defence and the security sectors, conscious efforts are being made to make it a multi-dimensional relationship, and not merely unifocal.
daniel carmon, israels envoy to india, said pm modis visit is likely to be in the summer, but he too did not go into details.
carmon also said the two sides are working on every possible area of cooperation.
he, however, refused to comment on cooperation in the field of defence.
when modi visits the jewish nation, both the countries are expected to hold talks in areas ranging from agriculture to defence to cyber security and innovations.
sinha underlined the cooperation between the two countries in the areas of cyber-security and drinking water.
he also cited the visit of president pranab mukherjee to israel in october, 2015, followed by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit to the jewish nation early last year.
last november, israeli president reuven rivlin also visited india.
we are trying to establish a programme under our global initiative of academic networks (gian) project.
we already have a programme where indian professor go and teach in israel.
so, we are exploring new areas, sinha said.
sinha said the two countries have planned a series of events to celebrate the silver jubilee of the diplomatic relationship this year.
it has been decided at the highest level, to create joint coordination committee to plan out the activities.
this includes visits by business delegations, academic fora.
sinha said israel sits in an area of great concern and interest to india.
new delhi formally recognised israel on september 17, 1950.
embassies were opened in 1992 when full diplomatic relations were established.
in 1995, delhis tableau failed to make the cut to the republic day parade for the third time in a row after the ministry of defence (mod) rejected the national capitals proposal.
the bharatiya janata party-ruled state government had wanted to depict delhi ruler prithviraj chauhans march against central asian invader mohammad ghori in the 12th century.
riding a horse, the rajput king was to lead a contingent of soldiers.
they were to be shown applying tilak on each others forehead.
aarti was planned with a fort in the background.
the then chief minister, madan lal khurana, was furious and made his sentiments public at the news of the rejection.
agitated over the delhi tableau missing yet again on rajpath, baikunth lal sharma prem, then member of parliament from east delhi, staged a protest on january 27.
he led a procession from ramlila maidan to red fort with a float depicting the same theme.
i was upset.
they (ministry of defence) had allowed jhankis of other states but rejected delhis proposal, sharma said.
states have to go through a strict scrutiny before the mods tableau selection committee (tsc) gives them a go-ahead to present their tableaux at the parade in delhi.
over the last 25 years, the capital has showcased its tableaux only 11 times.
read | heroes of surgical strike honoured with gallantry medalsa former senior government official, on the condition of anonymity, said the rejections came on several grounds.
sometimes the centre didnt want states to promote their governance model so the application was dismissed.
and sometimes, bad aesthetics marred the chances.
chandni chowk as symbol of national integration with lal quila with guari shankar mandir, gurudwara sis ganj, fatehpuri masjid, and central baptist church in 1999.
(ht archive)the year 1995 was no exception.
the committee comprises eminent scholars, artists, and experts from various fields to decide on the subject proposed by a state.
delhis idea was sent to the committee after getting a nod of the chief minister.
sometimes, the idea is turned down, said ms sehrawat, media adviser, new delhi municipal council, who was posted as deputy director in the directorate of press and information in delhi for over 15 years.
he was involved in conceptualising delhi tableaux during the tenure of chief ministers madan lal khurana, sahib singh verma, sushmaswaraj swaraj, and sheila dikshit.
in 1992, the committee disapproved the theme of the float based on the trial of mughal emperor bahadur shah zafar.
when media highlighted the issue, it caught the nations attention.
it was only after the intervention of then prime minister, pv narasimha rao, that delhi got an approval on january 17.
we had only nine days.
but we worked round-the-clock and managed to prepare a tableaux just in time, said sehrawat.
delhis tableau was introduced for the first time during the third republic day celebration in 1952.
the city was a centrally administered c category state then.
the theme was centered on tales of maratha warrior chhatrapati shivaji.
homage to kargil martyrs.
(hc tiwari/ht file photo)design and conceptfor more than four decades, the design and concept of delhis floats were not city specific and the inspiration was drawn from contemporary social issues and centres social welfare policies.
it was themed on agriculture in 1965 as the indira gandhi-led government had decided to promote agrarian issues in a big way.
in 1966, the message was education for all, while it was adult education in 1978, and better life through prohibition in 1979.
however, in the early 1990s, there was a visible change in the trend.
after the reconstitution of the delhi legislative assembly in 1993, the subject of tableau models revolved around the citys composite culture  ganga-jamuni tehzeeb, fairs, festivals, heritage, and its growth in diverse sectors including infrastructure, education, and transportation, which the citizen of delhi could relate to.
read: delhi cm kejriwal gets e-mails saying he may be killed during poll campaigna kolkata-based artist bappa chakraborty, who prepared delhis tableaux on several occasions between 1999 and 2008, said, the idea was to promote delhi as a city for all.
relevant issues were selected after discussions among the authorities.
a model of the delhi metro along with cng and replica of feroz shah kotla ruins displaying the governments stress on improvement of public transport system in 2006.
(ajay aggarwal/ht photo)while chandni chowk was depicted as a symbol of national integration in 1999, kargil war and sufi poet and scholar amir khusro were the topics in 2000 and 2004, respectively.
national capitals lifeline  delhi metro  was portrayed twice in 2003 and 2006.
a year after the restoration of his haveli in ballimaran, renowned 19th century poet mirza ghalib featured on the citys tableau in 2001 during the congress rule.
the plan to showcase ghalibs legacy was earlier turned down by khurana.
delhi received an award for the best tableau in 2011 when it carried the message of cultural and religious harmony with the lotus temple in the forefront and representations citys four major religious communities.
fast forward to 2017on thursday, delhis tableau will make a comeback after three years.
set up as a model government school, the tableau will portray the transformation in state-run schools and the recent initiatives of the aam aadmi party government in the field of education.
for the 1,100-odd sculptors, carpenters, painters, technicians and designers at the rashtriya rangshala camp, where floats from the 17 selected states and six central government agencies are being given final touches, the next few hours are a mix of immense pressure and nervousness.
stree shakti, which showcased the efforts being made to empower the women by the delhi government.
it was one of the pet projects of the chief minister sheila dikshit.
(ht file photo)one weak link in the sculpture and it can knock off the trailer.
since the float would be in motion, we will have to be extra careful about all of the structures sticking together tight, said bibhuti adhikary, the man who has conceptualised and designed delhis tableau this year and also the last three times it was rolled out.
the capitals float this year has been made at a cost of rs 25 lakh, whereas the cost of some other tableaux ran up to rs 1 crore, adhikary said.
read: hit by pellet from toy gun, 16-year-old loses eyesight in delhimihir vaidya, who first came down from his village in south 24 parganas in west bengal 22 years ago, to lend a hand to making the floats for the republic day, has since then sculpted at least 36 floats.
earlier, the floats that would sit atop the tractor itself used to be around 2.
5 quintal and that on the trailer used to be around a tonne or more.
it was very heavy.
now we mostly use fibre because of which its weight has become quite less making it more manageable, vaidya said.
for the rest of the year, he is employed with an interior designing store where he makes vase, tables, paintings, show pieces etc.
the theme was the cultural hub of the country in 2013.
twirling dervishes, a house sparrow, a rock band, a gigantic kathak dancer in white salwar-kameez and sparkling pink dupatta were used to show the multi-cultural tradition of delhi.
(sonu mehta/ht photo)samir, who makes idols at a workshop in assams doom dooma, reached delhi on december 15.
it takes time to make these things.
we began our work on december 20.
the money we get is decent.
its around rs 8,000, some even get rs 16,000 though per float.
nowadays, good electricians are also needed as sculptures in motion are an in thing, he said.
it takes about 30-40 people and a month-and-a-half to build one tableau.
the designing bit before work actually begins, starts at least five months in advance.
fate of tableauxit is the fate of these floats after the republic day that pains artistes the most  all the tableaux are dismantled and sold as scrap.
so many people give their heart and soul to making the tableau.
but no facility has been made to keep them or at least the best ones intact.
respective state houses keep them for a few days or months and later sell it off in bits to whoever wants to take it, adhikary said.
despite the neglect the tableaux face after the d-day, the numerous artists who come from across the country to build these mega moving showpieces, its a lifetime opportunity they never want to miss.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday spoke to one of the two clerics of delhis hazrat nizamuddin dargah, who traced to karachi after reportedly they went missing in pakistan.
i just spoke to syed nazim ali nizami in karachi.
he told me that they are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow, she said in a tweet.
pakistan had on saturday conveyed to india that the two missing clerics had been traced and that they had reached karachi.
i just spoke to syed nazim ali nizami in karachi.
he told me that they are safe and will be back in delhi tomorrow.
#nizamuddin  sushmaswaraj swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) march 19, 2017syed asif nizami, the head priest (sajjadanashin) of hazrat nizamuddin aulia dargah, and his nephew nazim nizami -- had gone to pakistan on march 8 and were supposed to return to india on march 20.
80-year-old asif was visiting pakistan to see his sister in karachi.
on saturday, swaraj had spoken to pakistan prime ministers adviser on foreign affairs sartaj aziz regarding the case.
according to pakistani media reports, both clerics had been in interior sindh where there was no communication network and thus could not tell their relatives about their whereabouts.
earlier, pakistani sources had said the two clerics were in the custody of pakistans intelligence agency over their alleged links with the muttahida qaumi movement (mqm).
the clerics were offloaded from karachi-bound shaheen airlines on march 14 at the allama iqbal international airport, lahore, the sources claimed.
a rickshaw-puller and his associate who intended to rob a german national near kashmere gate in delhi learnt their lesson the hard way as the 19-year-old tourist, benjamin scholt, turned out to be a martial arts expert.
scholt fought off the two robbers despite having sustained injuries and forced the robbers to flee leaving their rickshaw behind.
scholt had been in india for over a month and had arrived in delhi from kashmir on march 12.
he was to catch a bus to amritsar on friday night from kashmere gate and hired a rickshaw from chandni chowk metro station at around 10pm.
but instead of taking him to the bus terminal at kashmere gate, the rickshaw-puller took him towards yamuna khadar area under the ring road loop at kashmere gate, the police said.
on the way, the rickshaw-puller picked up another passenger saying he will be dropped off on the way.
but on the way, the rickshaw-puller and his associate tried to snatch the tourists wallet and mobile phone.
when he resisted, the duo attacked him with blades, said jatin narwal, dcp (north).
however, scholt, an expert in martial arts, fought off the two robbers, forcing them to flee after abandoning the rickshaw at the crime scene.
the attackers, however, made away with his cash and phone.
following the incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that she had sought a report about the matter.
i have asked for a report on the attack on german national in delhi.
i have asked delhi government to provide him best medical treatment.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) april 8, 2017scholt received seven cuts on his face and shoulder, but was able to seek help from the occupants of a car passing by.
they offered to drop him at a hospital, but on the way they came across a police picket.
the policemen there informed the control room and directed the car occupants to drive scholt to sushruta trauma centre in north delhi.
a case has been registered in connection with the robbery and attack at kotwali police station.
the police found the rickshaw and used the details on it to track the owner.
the owner has informed the police about the identity of the rickshaw-puller, but the two attackers remain on the run.
scholt had been putting up at a guest house in east delhis laxmi nagar.
he has given his statement to the police.
the sexist jibe used by senior samajwadi party (sp) leader azam khan against actor-turned-politician jaya prada -- the bharatiya janata party (bjp) candidate from rampur -- has triggered a political uproar as woman politicians have joined hands to demand action against the controversial leader.
the controversial remarks signalled a new low in the political discourse in uttar pradesh where comments like skirt wali bai (the maid who wears skirts) and pappu ki pappi (against congress general secretary priyanka gandhi) and daily facial comments (against bsp president mayawati) have already shocked many.
its so shocking that one cant even repeat it, said jaya prada lamenting the crassness of the discourse to which women politicians have been subjected to.
in an oblique reference to jaya prada, while addressing a rally in the presence of sp president akhilesh yadav, khan had said: you (the people of rampur) got represented (by her) for 10 years.
people of rampur, people of uttar pradesh and people of india, it took you 17 years to understand her reality.
but, i could recognize it in 17 days that she wears a khaki underwear.
each such jibe follows a predictable pattern.
for instance, bjp leaders, including its women politicians, were at the forefront on monday demanding action against khan.
but in march, the party was silent when a bjp lawmaker from ballia, surendra narayan singh, had invited widespread condemnation for suggesting that bahujan samaj party (bsp) chief mayawati gets facial daily to look young.
the bjp lawmaker had targeted mayawati for calling pm narendra modi shaukeen for his perceived fondness for expensive clothes.
the same bjp lawmaker had subsequently targeted congress general secretary (up east) priyanka gandhi vadra by comparing her to demon king ravanas sister surpanakha.
yet another bjp leader had referred to priyanka as skirt wali bai (maid who wears skirts).
at that time, the congress as well as the bsp had asked the bjp lawmakers to refrain from using foul language.
but now is the time for bjp to questioned the two on their silence over khans remarks against jaya prada.
an unrepentant khan, however, sought to take refuge behind the statement that he didnt name anyone.
he followed it up by targeting the district magistrate of rampur saying, god willing, i will make these officials clean mayawati jis footwear!
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is particular about the use of words in public domain, also tweeted on the controversy, tagging the tweet to the women mps of the samajwadi party  dimple yadav and jaya bachchan.
mulayam bhai, why are you silent?
in your presence, the cheerharan of draupadi (disrobing of draupadi) has taken place in rampur.
interestingly, while swaraj sought a response from mulayam, abhijat mishra, national general secretary of the bjps youth wing shot off an angry response targeting khans wife tazeen fatima, who is a rajya sabha member.
in the 2017 up assembly elections, it was mayawati and her party which had upped the ante against the then bjp functionary daya shankar singh for making a derogatory remark.
expelled after an uproar, singhs re-induction was the first thing that the bjp did when voted to power in uttar pradesh.
but why do these leaders make such remarks?
these are no slip of tongue.
usually such remarks are carefully calibrated to attract attention and polarise opinion.
what will you make of a union minister saying if rahul gandhi is pappu then should priyanka gandhi be called pappu ki pappi?
asked athar siddiqui of the centre for objective research and development (cord).
union minister venkaiah naidu on sunday condemned the killing of an indian engineer in kansas, saying the us government should respond to such incidents and take the strongest action.
usa should respond to this incident.
american president and people of america, they should come out openly to condemn such actions.
.
.
and then take strongest action.
also send a message that it is not acceptable, naidu told reporters here.
these kind of incidents involving racial discrimination are shameful.
they will dent the image of usa.
so the us president, administration and civil societies should unequivocally respond and condemn such incidents.
i as a central minister condemn such incidents, he said.
according to reports, the shooter who has been arrested, yelled get out of my country before opening fire on 32-year-old srinivas kuchibhotla and his indian colleague alok madasani on wednesday night.
srinivas was killed while his friend was injured.
a third person, an american man identified as ian grillot, 24, who tried to intervene also received injuries in the firing in austins bar and grill in olathe in kansas city in the us state of missouri.
naidu said he spoke regarding the incident to his cabinet colleague and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who gave appropriate directions to the indian high commission.
it is shocking that kuchibhotla was shot dead in an alleged (case of) racial discrimination.
it caused mental agony to all indians.
i express my sympathies to the bereaved family.
the moment i came to know about the incident i spoke to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she accordingly gave instructions to the indian high commission in usa, he said.
close on the heels of the indian flag incident, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now received several complaints of amazon selling flip-flops with mahatma gandhis image.
some twitter users have tagged swaraj in their tweets complaining that the beach sandals with gandhis image were being sold on the amazon us site.
read | not just amazon doormat: websites sell indian flag, emblem as shoe, dog coatthe posting on the amazon says, cafepress - gandhi flip flops - flip flops, funny thong sandles, beach sandles with a listed price of $16.
99.
earlier this week, after she received a complaint about amazon canada selling doormats depicting indian flag on its site, swaraj reacted sharply and asked the e-retailer to withdraw the products and tender an unconditional apology, failing which no official of amazon will be granted indian visa and the ones issued earlier will also be rescinded.
following the stern message, amazon expressed regret for offending indian sentiments and informed swaraj about removal of the offensive product from its canadian website.
in the wake of mahatma gandhi flip-flops being sold on amazon website, the ministry of external affairs on saturday said the company should respect indian sensitiveness and sentiments.
as a follow up to the matter regarding the sale of doormats with the indian flag on amazon, our ambassador in washington has been instructed to convey to amazon that while providing a platform for third party vendors, they should respect indian sensitivities and sentiments, said mea spokesperson vikas swarup.
