i have seen news reports about abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in nigeria.
i am asking indian high commissioner to take this up at the highest level with government of nigeria for their release, swaraj tweeted.
(prem singh)five indian sailors have been abducted by pirates in nigeria and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has asked the indian high commissioner there to take up the matter at the highest levels of the nigerian government to ensure their release.
she asked indian ambassador in nigeria abhay thakur to send her a report on the matter.
i have seen news reports about abduction of five indian sailors by pirates in nigeria.
i am asking indian high commissioner to take this up at the highest level with government of nigeria for their release, swaraj tweeted.
abhay  please take this up and send me a report, she said.
the uae on saturday invited india to an oic meeting of the organisation's foreign ministers in abu dhabi and also named india as a guest of honour at the meeting.
istock photothe united arab emirates will next week correct a half-century-old wrong committed against india during a summit of islamic countries in rabat that led to the formation of what is now the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic).
in 1969, fakhruddin ali ahmed, a senior minister in indira gandhis cabinet who later became president, was invited to attend the rabat conference and then disinvited at pakistans instance after he arrived in the moroccan capital.
since then, india has not only been excluded from all oic deliberations but also been routinely vilified on kashmir.
in a diplomatic triumph of historic proportions for the narendra modi government, the uae on saturday not only invited india to an oic meeting of the organisation's foreign ministers in abu dhabi on friday, but also named india as a guest of honour at the meeting.
the friendly country of india has been named as the guest of honour in view of its great global political stature as well as its time-honoured and deeply rooted cultural and historical legacy, and its important islamic component, a statement issued in abu dhabi announcing the foreign ministers conference said.
the host of the upcoming oic meeting is sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan, minister of foreign affairs and international cooperation and it is in that capacity that india has been invited as the guest of honour.
sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan, minister of foreign affairs and international cooperation, will inaugurate the meeting on 1st march, 2019, in the presence of dr. yousef al-othaimeen, the oic secretary-general, with the participation of 56 member states and five observer states, the announcement in abu dhabi said.
within minutes of this announcement, india accepted the uaes invitation, taking into account its historic nature and the uaes gesture in correcting a grave wrong done to india collectively by the islamic countries.
the minister for external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj, has been invited by sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan, foreign minister of the united arab emirates as the 'guest of honour to address the inaugural plenary of the 46th session of the council of foreign ministers of the organisation of islamic cooperation, which will be held in abu dhabi, a statement by the ministry of external affairs said.
we see this invitation as the desire of the enlightened leadership of the uae to go beyond our rapidly growing close bilateral ties and forge a true multifaceted partnership at the multilateral and international level.
we see this invitation as a milestone in our comprehensive strategic partnership with the uae, the statement on behalf of swaraj added.
we also see this invitation as a welcome recognition of the presence of 185 million muslims in india and of their contribution to its pluralistic ethos, and of indias contribution to the islamic world.
india is, therefore, happy to accept the invitation to attend the inaugural plenary of the oic meeting and we thank the leadership of the uae for their invitation.
the insult to fakhruddin ali ahmed 50 years ago and the demeaning manner in which he was confined to his rabat villa preventing him from attending the 1969 conference is one of the sordid chapters in the annals of indian diplomacy.
it had long-standing adverse repercussions on indias relations with arab and muslim countries that lasted for many years and had multiplier effects that did not end until the modi government made relations with arab  especially gulf  countries one of its priorities.
ten days after the humiliation of india and ahmed, india withdrew its ambassador, gurbachan singh, from morocco.
he was sent back 11 months later to rabat, but only to pack his bags permanently to be posted as high commissioner to nairobi.
india later broke off diplomatic relations with morocco on an unrelated issue when rajiv gandhi was prime minister.
india also withdrew its charge daffaires in amman, i. s. chadha, for jordans steadfast support to pakistani machinations in rabat to prevent india from attending the conference.
yahya khan, then president of pakistan, virtually sat in dharna at his villa in rabat until ahmed or any indian representative was comprehensively excluded from the conference.
yahya khans campaign against indias presence was over communal riots in ahmedabad three days before islamic leaders from across the world gathered in rabat to establish the oic.
he said that the rabat conference had been convened in protest against arson at the third holiest shrine of islam, the al-aqsa mosque in jerusalem by an australian zionist.
khan argued that the riots in ahmedabad in which many muslims had been killed should be equated with campaigns elsewhere in the world against people of the islamic faith.
insisting on indias exclusion, he refused to answer phone calls to his villa from several heads of islamic countries who had gathered in rabat.
when the king of saudi arabia and the shah of iran went to his villa to persuade khan to end his boycott of the conference and lift his dharna, the pakistan president shut the doors of his villa to the two revered monarchs.
india was then offered observer status at the conference as a compromise to keep pakistan and several heads of state who were supporting khan happy.
but the indian minister refused a downgrade in status.
eventually, ahmed left rabat without attending the summit.
the uae will next week correct this grave historic injustice to india 50 years ago and give another indian minister  sushmaswaraj swaraj  the pride of place as guest of honour at the oic foreign ministers meeting in abu dhabi.
our legal correspondentravi shankar prasad in new delhi on thursday.
(pti)new delhi: union law minister ravi shankar prasad on thursday cited two constitution bench decisions from the 1990s to defend the government's decision to refer back to the collegium its recommendation to elevate justice k.m. joseph to the supreme court.
prasad said that these judgments of 1993 and 1998 had held that inter se seniority among judges in their high court and their combined seniority of all-india basis is of admitted significance in the matter of future prospects.
in its letter to the chief justice seeking reconsideration of justice joseph's candidature, the government had said that 41 high court judges, including 11 chief justices, were senior to justice joseph.
prasad told reporters at an informal meeting that the congress had no moral right to criticise the government because of the way it had compromised the dignity of the judiciary in the most deplorable manner during the emergency and in the run-up to it.
the whole record of the congress party is littered with repeated instances of compromising the dignity of the judiciary in the most deplorable manner by seeking to supersede honourable judges as chief justices who were found to be inconvenient, he said.
prasad referred to the way independent-minded judges like justices k.s. hegde, j.m. shelat and a.n. grover were superseded during indira gandhi's rule.
the great, legendry justice h.r. khanna, who showed supreme courage.
.
.
by holding that the freedom of speech could not be curtailed even during the emergency was also superseded, he said.
why was the emergency imposed by the congress government?
because allahabad high court had annulled the election of indira gandhi, prasad said.
the congress should stop talking about the independence of the judiciary.
your (congress's) record is known.
the way politics was done about the unfortunate death of judge (b.h.) loya, based on half-baked (sic) truths, is known.
prasad said the narendra modi government's record needed to be conveyed to the people.
this government is led by prime minister shri narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, ravi shankar prasad and many others who fought the emergency for three freedoms - individual, media and independence of the judiciary, he said.
therefore, our commitment to the cause of the judiciary is complete and total because we have fought and suffered for the dignity and independence of the judiciary.
that is our record.
he added: we have sought reconsideration (of justice joseph's elevation) in a manner laid down in supreme court judgments.
beyond that i have nothing to say.
prasad declined to take questions.
new delhi, aug.
16: shared concerns over the islamic state's growing shadow in south asia have pulled india and the maldives closer, forcing new delhi and male into a tighter security embrace, despite deep differences over the tiny archipelago's dalliances with china.
prime minister narendra modi's special envoy on counter-terrorism, former intelligence bureau chief syed asif ibrahim, had made a secret trip to male in mid-july, the foreign office disclosed as maldives' new foreign minister mohamed asim visited new delhi today.
defence secretary g. mohan kumar also visited male on july 17 for the first defence cooperation dialogue between india and its tiniest neighbour.
former president mohammed nasheed has insisted that more than 200 young men and women from the maldives, with a total population of just 350,000, are fighting for the is in syria and iraq.
the maldives government of president abdulla yameen has disputed that figure, but even the number it cites - between 30 and 100 - makes the country the biggest source, per capita of the population, of foreign fighters for the is.
the is threat was a key component of talks between asim and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here today, officials said.
the ministers also exchanged views on the consonance in the strategic perspectives of the two countries to maintain peace and security in the indian ocean region, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
the bilateral relationship has seen a series of strains over the past three years.
maldives is the only one among india's neighbours that modi has not visited after taking over as prime minister in may 2014.
modi was scheduled to visit the country in march last year, but the trip was called off after the yameen government arrested nasheed, the principal opposition leader in the maldives, on charges of terrorism that the international community largely regards as trumped up.
india has maintained caution in refraining from assertive criticism of the maldives over nasheed's arrest, and has instead worked quietly to try and broker a resolution to the political crisis triggered by the arrest.
earlier this year, india secretly helped broker an agreement under which the yameen government allowed nasheed to travel to the uk for treatment, and then stay on there.
but new delhi has made its concerns known to male privately, particularly over steps taken by yameen that have enhanced beijing's influence on the archipelago.
in july last year, the maldives government had rushed through a law that allowed foreign companies to lease land on the country's islands, a move that sparked concerns in india that china might take over key strategic areas in new delhi's neighbourhood.
sites earmarked by ropes on the nalanda university campus, around 2.
5km from the makeshift campus near rajgir bus stand.
picture by chandan chatterjee the development work at nalanda universitys main campus has taken off without much hullabaloo.
around 2.
5km away from the hustle and bustle of construction at the varsitys makeshift campus near rajgir bus stand, sites have been earmarked for different buildings  the hostels, classrooms, administrative building and library.
ropes have been laid along the perimeter of each structure.
roads along the boundary wall of the sprawling 455 acres of the campus have been earmarked.
pathways leading to hostels and quarters of faculty members have also been identified.
stones have been laid on the campus earmarking the plinth height of the proposed buildings.
colonel m.k. prasad, the varsity engineer of the upcoming nalanda university, said: the work at the main varsity site is progressing steadily.
a foreign delegation visited the site recently.
the construction work will gather steam after we get the soil testing report and decide on the technology we shall use for the construction purpose.
classrooms for four schools  historical studies; ecology and environment studies; linguistics and literature; buddhist studies, philosophy and comparative religions; economics and management; international relations and peace studies; and information science and technology  would come up on the sprawling eco-friendly campus besides a state-of-the-art library right in front of a huge water body.
the classes of historical studies, and ecology and environment studies would commence from september 1.
the linguistics and literature course would start next year.
buddhist studies, philosophy and comparative religions and international relations and peace studies would be launched in 2016-17.
the rest of the courses would take off in 2017-18.
prasad said the main campus of the varsity would be ready for shifting in 2017-18.
the construction work will take around three years.
tenders will be floated for the construction work after we receive the soil test report and top construction firms would be assigned the task.
according to plans, trees would adore every building on the nalanda university campus to give it a green look.
the water body and the trees on the campus would give it a serene look besides absorbing heat.
prasad said plants would dot the perimeter road along the boundary of the campus.
initially, there was no plan to plant trees along the road.
but we decided to do so recently to give the campus a cool ambience.
the plantation bed on the either side of the perimeter road would be around 5m wide.
there would be underground drainage system below the plants.
the campus of the new age nalanda university, around 10km from the nalanda ruins, is expected to develop into an international centre of academic excellence.
all members of the varsitys governing body, including vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal and nobel laureate amartya sen, called on external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union finance minister arun jaitley on monday to deliberate on the debut of the varsitys two courses  historical studies and ecology and environment studies  on september 1.
amit shah at the news conference in new delhi on friday.
picture by prem singh new delhi, oct.
7: a war of words today erupted over rahul gandhi's barb that the modi regime was doing  dalali with soldiers' blood, with the bjp accusing him of crossing all limits and demanding to know who had done the brokering on bofors, embraer, coal mines and 2g.
rahul had yesterday accused the centre of selling soldiers' blood and milking last week's surgical strikes, prompting the ruling party to ask him what value he fixed on a soldier's blood.
claiming the word  dalali was somewhere embedded in rahul's zehan (consciousness), the bjp urged the congress to confine the word to its political ambit instead of tagging it to the ruling party.
 dalali befitted the congress, it claimed, adding the bjp was a party of jai jawan people who did not believe in dalali.
at a media conference this morning, an indignant amit shah said that by using the phrase  khoon ki dalali, the congress vice-president had crossed all limits.
i believe rahul, by using these words, has insulted our valorous soldiers and the 125 crore people of our country.
he has angered people, the bjp president said.
rahulji, we have to ask you which commodity's ' dalali' are you talking about?
the country knows who did 'dalali' from bofors to embraer, from coal to 2-g.
the word ' dalali' is embedded somewhere or the other in rahul's consciousness.
but this incident (the strikes) was not something that merited the use of such words.
just when the country is united to strengthen the morale of our forces fighting terrorism, when our soldiers are determined to finish off terrorists with courage and resolve, rahul's comments are intended to undermine our soldiers' morale.
does anyone speak of selling a soldier's blood, does a soldier's blood have monetary value?
this statement of rahul reflects the congress's mental bankruptcy.
shah, who has micro-managed several elections for the bjp in gujarat as a legislator, reminded the congress how similar comments in the past had impacted its poll prospects.
it is not a secret that the congress, and specially rahul gandhi, strongly objects to modi.
the congress cannot deny using phrases such as ' maut ke saudagar' (merchant of death) and 'zehar ki kheti' (sowing poison).
but after the ' maut ke saudagar' comment, the bjp won a gujarat election with a two-thirds majority; after 'zehar ki kheti', the bjp got an absolute majority (in the lok sabha polls).
so when ' khoon ki dalali' is used, i do not understand what the agenda behind it is, shah said.
to repeated queries on whether the surgical strikes would figure in the bjp's discourse in upcoming elections, shah sounded ambivalent.
alluding to posters in uttar pradesh portraying narendra modi as ram and nawaz sharif as ravan, he explained: we will definitely go and talk to people about it (the cross-border action).
but if a district or block-level person puts up posters, should it become a matter of serious consequence?
have any of our senior leaders issued a statement?
the bjp is known by modi, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj, and they have not issued statements.
shah's rationale for using the strikes in the bjp's campaign was that it was incumbent on every party to enhance the army's morale.
the modi government's policy and practice is zero tolerance for terror.
the strikes affirm the government's commitment to that policy.
let me state that the achievements are of our soldiers, backed by the government and the prime minister's political will.
don't mix the two.
asked if defence minister manohar parrikar attending two rallies yesterday in agra and lucknow amounted to politicising the strikes, he said: parrikar is an elected (rajya sabha) mp from uttar pradesh.
he went to pre-scheduled programmes.
there is no politics if he disseminates information to the people.
shah congratulated and thanked the indian media for unitedly projecting the army's bravery, courage and functioning.
not only did this raise its morale, it was a way of enthusing civilians.
after the strikes, when certain quarters raised irrelevant questions, investigative journalists probed behind the scenes, brought out the truth and successfully disabused people of misinformation.
new delhi.
july 2: india today formally protested to the us after reports yesterday suggested americas national security agency might have spied on the now-ruling bjp, but tried to firewall its delicate relationship with washington from any fallout of the controversy.
the ministry of external affairs summoned a senior diplomat from the us embassy to demand an explanation for the alleged snooping, and to seek an assurance that it will not happen again, senior government officials said.
india has sought an explanation of the information contained in the press reports, and an assurance that such authorisations would not be acted upon by us government entities, as far as indian citizens, entities and the government of india are concerned, foreign office spokesperson and joint secretary syed akbaruddin said.
if such intrusions have indeed been authorised and have taken place, it is highly objectionable.
but new delhi, the officials said, had no intention to ratchet up tensions with the us following the revelations at a time the two nations are desperately trying to overcome months of acrimony and washingtons complex history with prime minister narendra modi.
these revelations have come at a really bad time, and perception management will be critical, a senior official told the telegraph.
but both india and the us are mature enough to know that we need to focus on getting the relationship back on track, and not get sidetracked.
modi, denied a visa by the us in 2005, is scheduled to visit washington in september for a summit with president barack obama that both nations hope will help settle differences that include tensions over the arrest of diplomat devyani khobragade in new york last year.
the revelations, published in the washington post yesterday based on documents leaked by nsa whistleblower edward snowden, shadowed us senator from arizona john mccains trip to india that began wednesday.
mccain, the senior-most us politician to visit india since the election of the new government, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but pulled out of a scheduled meet with the press immediately after.
he has sought a meeting with modi on thursday.
by the time mccain finished his meeting with sushmaswaraj , india had  at about 10am  summoned a us diplomat to register its protest.
new delhi refused to identify the us diplomat summoned.
new delhi, feb 13: having come this far and suffered so much, the congress leadership is determined to pass the telangana bill come what may and will leave no stone unturned to achieve this goal next week.
government sources said the bjps stand was still uncertain but it was unlikely anyone would risk blocking the bill at this stage.
with the suspension of 16 mps, who will not be allowed to enter parliament for the next five days, there is no apparent hurdle within the house.
congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi condemned the behaviour of the partys expelled mps as despicable and intolerable and called for the strictest punishment.
but he faced a volley of questions about the party mishandling the issue and creating a situation in which its own mps set upon colleagues.
at least three parliament sessions were disrupted by andhra mps but the congress leadership could not resolve the issue.
although the congress spokesperson would not hazard a guess on when the bill would be passed, other senior leaders said telangana would be created this month.
the bjp described the bills introduction as improper and incorrect, registered its protest with speaker meira kumar and stressed it would not speak to the government again in any form.
but it believes the bill must be passed.
for the opposition party, which has a small base in telangana and virtually nothing in the rest of andhra pradesh until now, it is more about its avowed commitment to the creation of new states and the fact that telangana was a promise the bjp had enshrined way back in 1997 in a party resolution.
the bjps original calculation was the congresss mess-up over telangana would help it in both states.
but if the government passes the bill, the chances are the congress will tie up with the telangana rashtra samithi and do well in the 17 seats.
we could end up as a straggler, an andhra bjp source said.
a bjp leader said the partys stand would be that bill is too monumental to be passed in chaos.
there should be a discussion and amendments must be debated and voted upon.
but there was all-round scepticism whether this would happen.
sonia gandhi seems determined to have it passed so that she can at least say the congress has fulfilled a major commitment.
so the bill could be passed amidst as much bedlam as it was when it was introduced, a source said.
realising that the congress could gain in telangana but be routed elsewhere, bjp sources said now was the time for them to flog their line of justice for seemandhra.
we must campaign in coastal andhra and rayalaseema, a source said.
i do not know when the speaker came, when the bill was introduced.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with chinese president xi jinping at a meeting at the great hall of the people in beijing.
picture: ptibeijing, apr.
24 (pti): india on tuesday said that terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights and the fight against it should also identify states that encourage, support and finance the menace and provide sanctuary to terror groups.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) council of foreign ministers meeting also attended by pakistan foreign minister khawaja muhammad asif, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
there are a number of challenges that are being faced by the world today, foremost being the threat of global terrorism and the imminent need to build a strong security architecture to combat it, the minister said.
terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights: of life, peace and prosperity, swaraj said.
the criminal terrorist militias are not impeded by borders as they seek to destroy the architecture of international stability and build walls of fear in societies that believe in pluralism, she said.
maiming and killing innocent lives indiscriminately, constitutes the most blatant violation of human rights, she said.
we have to work together to wipe-out this scourge from the face of the earth.
in order to realise this objective, we must unite across our differences, strengthen our resolve and script an effective strategy against terror.
we welcome the clarity shown by the sco on terrorism from its inception.
we should also urgently resolve to establish comprehensive convention on international terrorism that india proposed more than two decades ago in the united nations.
we are determined to consistently strengthen cooperation within the sco framework for comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security, the minister said.
the meeting was also attended by foreign ministers wang yi of china, kairat abdrakhmanov of kazakhstan, abdyldaev erlan bekeshovich of kyrgyzstan, sergey lavrov of russia, sirodjidin muhridinovich aslov of tajikistan, abdulaziz khafizovich kamilov of uzbekistan, and secretary general of the sco rashid alimov among others.
our special correspondentnew delhi: india on tuesday hoped that the resolution of the korean peninsula issue, which got a major push with the summit meeting between the us and north korea in singapore, would factor in new delhi's concerns about proliferation linkages to pakistan.
the statement issued by the external affairs ministry in reaction to the singapore meeting between us president donald trump and north korea's kim jong-un did not name pakistan while bringing up proliferation linkages of pyongyang extending to india's neighbourhood.
pakistan is widely perceived to have helped north korea develop its nuclear programme.
as for the summit itself, india described it as a positive development, pointing out that new delhi had always supported all efforts to bring about peace and stability in the korean peninsula through dialogue and diplomacy.
we hope that the outcomes of the us-dprk summit will be implemented, thus paving the way for lasting peace and stability in the korean peninsula, the statement said.
india is among the 24 countries with diplomatic missions in pyongyang.
india's mission is small but new delhi insisted on maintaining it despite pressure from the us to shut it down.
even last year, when trump had ratcheted up pressure on countries to cut off diplomatic ties and trade with north korea, india had refused to do so, offering the mission instead as a friendly channel of communication for washington in pyongyang.
as far as the embassy is concerned, our mission there is very small.
i told secretary tillerson that it is important that the embassies of some of your friendly countries should remain there so that there are some channels of communication available when needed, she told the media later.
recently, the minister clarified in response to a question that india did not play any mediatory role between the two koreas - which too had a historic summit recently - and maintained that new delhi has only nurtured bilateral relations with seoul and pyongyang.
new delhi, dec.
15 (pti): the government on friday approved a draft law under which the practice of giving instant triple talaq would be made illegal and void and would attract a jail term of three years for the husband, a government functionary has said.
the draft 'muslim women protection of rights on marriage bill' was considered by the union cabinet which gave its nod, the functionary said.
the draft was prepared by an inter-ministerial group headed by home minister rajnath singh.
the other members were external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, law minister ravi shankar prasad and his junior in the ministry p.p.chaudhary.
the proposed law would only be applicable on instant triple talaq or 'talaq-e-biddat' and it would give power to the victim to approach a magistrate seeking subsistence allowance for herself and minor children.
zaki-ur rehman lakhvi new delhi, dec.
19: india today formally complained to pakistan about the bail granted to zaki-ur rehman lakhvi, the alleged planner of the november 2008 mumbai attacks, through its top diplomat in islamabad.
as it had indicated yesterday, pakistan slapped fresh charges on lakhvi to keep him under arrest, invoking a rule dealing with mpo (maintenance of public order).
islamabad has also conveyed to new delhi that it intends to appeal the bail granted by an anti-terror court on monday.
islamabad's swift move against lakhvi, officials here accept, was forced by domestic opinion in pakistan after the terror attack on a peshawar school killed over 130 children earlier this week.
but a flurry of shrill public statements from the prime minister, foreign minister and the lok sabha left sections of india's foreign policy establishment worried that the protest might backfire.
any perception that public pressure from india forced pakistan's hand could nudge that country to ease on its planned action against lakhvi, several officials fear.
we had to articulate our concerns, and we did that diplomatically, an official said.
but in diplomacy, especially in india-pakistan relations, you've got to stay sensitive.
you don't want to hand pakistan a lever to pitch lakhvi's case as an india-pakistan dispute.
the indian high commissioner in islamabad, t.c.a. raghavan, visited the pakistan foreign ministry this morning to communicate new delhi's concerns, officials from both nations confirmed.
by late morning, pakistan officially informed india it planned to appeal lakhvi's bail on monday.
lakhvi is accused of training and mentoring the 10 gunmen who attacked mumbai in november 2008, killing over 150 people.
islamabad also declared that it would not allow lakhvi to roam free till the appeal, and arrested him as a threat to maintenance of public order, a variation of preventive detention.
lakhvi can be held for up to three months under these charges.
in india, however, frenetic statements were heard in and outside parliament in the early afternoon, pressuring pakistan to ensure lakhvi stays in jail.
straight after this incident (lakhvi's bail), india has communicated its sentiments to pakistan in the strongest possible words, narendra modi told parliament.
this kind of attitude, immediately after that (the peshawar attack) - this is shocking for all those across the world who believe in humanity.
narendra modi and bangladesh president abdul hamid at new delhis hyderabad house on friday.
picture by ramakant kushwaha modi said foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would make a statement in the lok sabha on monday.
but sushmaswaraj , who was hosting a lunch on the foreign office lawns, was summoned to parliament minutes later, to issue a statement.
it is the duty of pakistan's investigative authorities, who have had six years to collect and present the evidence required, to secure a conviction.
the bail to lakhvi makes an absolute mockery of the government of pakistan's professed commitment to fight terror groups without hesitation and without making false distinctions, she said.
then, blurring the lines between pakistan's executive and judiciary, sushmaswaraj urged the government of pakistan to immediately take steps to reverse this decision.
soon after, the lok sabha passed a resolution condemning the bail to lakhvi, and directly holding the pakistan government responsible.
we are concerned at the numerous delays in the prosecution and the apathetic attitude of the government of pakistan which has resulted in the grant of bail to an accused terrorist, the resolution said, before referring to the peshawar attack.
it seems the lesson that there should be no compromise with terrorists has not been learnt.
the resolution requested pakistan to ensure lakhvi stays under arrest, before urging the modi government to take every step in its power, including through its relations with other countries, to put pressure on pakistan.
veteran officials noted that parliament resolutions on pakistan, while bolstering the government's domestic political credentials, have rarely helped pressure that country.
more often than not, they have invited tit-for-tat resolutions from pakistan's national assembly, setting off accusations and counter-accusations that only escalate tensions.
i wouldn't be surprised if pakistan responds by asking us about the progress on the samjhauta blasts case, an official said, referring to the february 2007 blasts near panipat that killed 68 passengers, mostly from pakistan.
outside parliament, national security adviser ajit doval called pakistan's decision to keep lakhvi under arrest and to appeal his bail a positive step.
but doval suggested pakistan had acted under indian pressure.
india has taken a firm stand on the issue of lakhvi and pakistan has responded, he said.
an official familiar with new delhi's relations with islamabad said: it is useful at times to raise a national pitch from multiple forums when it comes to ties with pakistan, but that needs to be thought through carefully.
i'm not sure that is the case here.
nov.
19: the trinamul congress kept insisting through the day that there is nothing wrong in holding talks with the bjp but it would neither deny nor confirm categorically if mamata banerjee called sushmaswaraj swaraj on the weekend.
the bjp also turned tongue-tied 24 hours after its veteran leader murli manohar joshi said in calcutta that mamata had called the lok sabha opposition leader.
in the process, both parties have ended up making a purported telephone conversation  a perfectly normal mode of communication among legitimate political parties in the free world  look not only exceptional but also something that is not discussed in polite company.
officially, trinamul fought shy of naming the bjp while speaking on the discussions underway.
mamata is in touch with the leaders of all the mainline political parties requesting them to support the no-confidence motion, trinamul mp sultan ahmed said.
he said trinamul was confident of securing the support of 50 mps required to get the no-trust motion admitted.
another trinamul mp, who insisted on anonymity, said mamata had already spoken to sushma.
we dont know what transpired between mamatadi and sushmaji.
but she did ring her up and sought the bjps support for our no-confidence motion.
this much we know, the mp said.
asked if there has been any headway after the talks with sushmaswaraj , the mp added: two of our senior mps have been entrusted by mamatadi to cordially talk to the bjps central leadership.
the two mps have been told by mamatadi to get back to her on the bjps response.
at least two trinamul mps said she had directed her parliamentary party not to speak on the talks.
murli manohar joshi has spilled the beans by making it public that mamata called up sushmaswaraj swaraj.
mamata now doesnt want her mps to officially speak on this, an mp said.
asked about the reason, he said: mamata has conveyed to us that since bjp leader murli manohar joshi had spoken at a media briefing, we should steer clear of the subject to avoid a controversy.
trinamul mp saugata roy said in the afternoon he had been asked to prepare a flawless draft for the no-confidence motion to be tabled in the lok sabha on november 22.
the bengal cpm sought to portray trinamul as an unreliable ally.
addressing reporters in calcutta, opposition leader surjya kanta mishra said: first, trinamul doesnt have the numbers to get its no-confidence motion against the upa ii government admitted.
more important, who will trust our chief minister?
no party would like to side with her because of her flip-flop and opportunistic politics.
mishra said his party was well aware of mamatas record.
she (mamata) broke away from the congress and tied up with the bjp in the late nineties.
then she deserted the bjp and joined hands with the congress.
after the 2001 assembly polls, she severed ties with the congress and courted the bjp.
after the 2006 assembly elections, she once again threw the bjp off her shoulder and later closed ranks with the congress, said mishra.
so, if the bjp supports her now, it will be at its own peril, he added.
mishra said the trinamul government was creating communal polarisation in bengal.
on the one hand, it is attempting to appease a particular minority community and, on the other, appealing to the bjp for support to its no-trust motion, the cpm leader said.
this would help the bjp spread its roots in bengal, mishra added.
new delhi, aug.
4: the government today introduced the lokpal bill in the lok sabha amid protests by anna hazares group on the streets and the bjp in parliament.
while hazares group dismissed the bill as a joke and burnt its copies, the bjp said that excluding the prime minister from the lokpals ambit violated the constitutional scheme.
as soon as the minister of state for personnel, v. narayanasamy, moved the bill, opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj rose to object, arguing that giving immunity to the prime minister violated the constitutional principle of equality.
she said every cabinet minister was equal and the prime minister could not be singled out for special treatment.
she also cited that pranab mukherjee, as then chairperson of the parliamentary standing committee, had approved the lokpal bill drafted by the former nda government and asked what had compelled him to change his stance now.
pranab then intervened to say: i, as the chairman of the standing committee, submitted the report on february 16, 2002.
your government had more than two years to pass the bill.
why didnt you bother to take up the matter till may 2004 when you were voted out?
the group of ministers (gom) on media later held a briefing to confront the bjps charge.
the ministers argued that the legal issue of whether the prime ministers exclusion violated the constitutional scheme could be decided only by the supreme court and not by political parties.
home minister p. chidambaram said: the bjp knows that article 14 does not exclude reasonable classification.
but this will be decided by the court.
telecom minister kapil sibal accused the bjp of political opportunism and said: they are not making a reasonable argument.
their double standards are for everybody to see, as they have kept the chief ministers out of the lokayuktas purview in states ruled by them.
in gujarat, a lokayukta has not been appointed for years.
chidambaram said the government would give detailed reasons for its decision when the bill is discussed in parliament.
narayanasamy mentioned that prime minister manmohan singh had himself offered to be included in the lokpals ambit but the cabinet had ruled that out saying it could hamper government functioning.
the bill has been sent to the standing committee on law, headed by the congresss abhishek singhvi.
outside parliament, supporters of anna hazare burnt copies of the bill at several places.
they had advertised 13 places in the national capital region alone where the copies would be burnt.
sibal condemned the act as an affront to parliament, while congress spokesperson manish tiwari likened the burners to those who used to burn copies of the constitution of india in the past.
there is a constitutional structure in the country.
this structure has not fallen from above but has been put in place by the people of the country through their elected representatives, tiwari said.
everybody can give advice but it is only the government which can introduce a bill in parliament and enact a law.
this basic fact is understood by even a schoolchild.
either anna and his friends do not understand, or they do not want to understand.
the question is why they do not want to understand it.
a bjp poster hailing modi pasted on a street lamp in delhi, under a congress poster, on thursday.
picture by yasir iqbal new delhi, nov.
20: over a decade ago, atal bihari vajpayee had flown back home neither tired nor retired but surely a little undermined by comparisons with a rival.
narendra modi today returned virtually to the sound of trumpets from a party where, at least for the moment, he has no challengers.
at 11pm yesterday, the delhi bjp had got a terse message from party central headquarters.
it said modi should get a welcome befitting a conquering hero when his flight landed at palam airport this morning.
the cadre got instantly activated, a state bjp source said.
slogans were coined and posters digitally printed and plastered across lutyens delhi, some positioned right below the congresss placards for its recent nehru convention.
it wasnt deliberate, delhi bjp spokesperson harish khurana protested, maybe some workers got carried away by the congress posters and put modijis next to them.
if the congresss visuals displayed a pantheon of nehru-gandhis, the bjps depicted a single man.
one of them showed the prime minister beaming with his australian counterpart, tony abbott.
another screamed a slogan: vishwa daure se modi aaye, bharat kaa parcham fehraye (modi has returned from a world trip, having unfurled indias flag).
by the crack of dawn, nearly 1,500 bjp workers were at palam to greet modi with cries of: bharat kaa dulara hai, vishwa ka pyara hai (hes indias darling, the worlds favourite).
modi broke the security cordon and shook hands with as many supporters as he could.
he showed no sign of jet lag or weariness.
he connected with his usual ease with our workers, just like he had done with his fans in australia and fiji, claimed the partys delhi minder, rajya sabha member prabhat jha.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was the lone cabinet minister present, carrying a bouquet of flowers --- a ritual she repeats after each of modis overseas trips.
jha said that unlike vajpayee, modi was against his cabinet colleagues lining up to greet him on his return from foreign tours and wanted them to focus on their jobs instead.
on modis schedule today were a meeting with former afghanistan president hamid karzai, who is in delhi, and a cabinet session to clear bills for parliaments winter session.
tomorrow morning, he is to fly to jharkhand to kick off the assembly poll campaign.
not for nothing has he earned the tag of a star.
his only aim is to take india and the bjp forward, and he will not waste a minute, jha said.
for the bjp, at the moment, modi can do no wrong.
vajpayee didnt have such luck.
for instance, he had returned from abroad in the summer of 2003 to walk on a red carpet riddled with thorns.
if success was measured by photo-ops, words and gestures, vajpayee had captivated a host of global leaders during his three-nation trip.
he had sat next to then us president george w. bush at a banquet hosted by russian president vladimir putin for 40-odd world leaders at the petrodvorets palace in st petersburg.
bush had praised vajpayees latest peace initiative with pakistan, only to be told by the prime minister that the peace process would not succeed until cross-border terrorism ended.
at the extended g8 dialogue in evian, vajpayee had pitched for reforming international trade to enable the developing countries to secure support for further trade liberalisation.
finally, in lausanne, without adopting an openly anti-us position, he had stressed that all independent-minded countries must work together to create a multi-polar world.
vajpayee later remarked that because of india enjoying a certain global status, he had been able to meet all the five permanent members of the un security council within a span of 24 hours.
but as vajpayee savoured his achievements abroad, then bjp president m. venkaiah naidu appeared to belittle him somewhat back home.
naidu told a news conference that the 2004 general election would be fought under the combined leadership of vikas purush (development man) vajpayee and lauh purush (iron man) l.k. advani, the deputy prime minister.
a flurry of phone calls between lausanne and delhi later, a red-faced naidu amended his statement and emphasised that vajpayee alone would lead the bjp into the next election.
vajpayee himself delivered the knockout punch the day he arrived to a sombre reception at the airport.
naidu had been forced to assemble a group of party workers and convene a felicitation for vajpayee at the prime ministers residence.
vajpayee ended his pithy address with a cryptic sentence: (i am) neither tired nor retired, but under advanis leadership the party will march towards victory (in 2014).
convinced that vajpayee was peeved at naidus comments, the cabinet collectively congratulated him the following morning for his successful tour.
with hindsight, it appears that naidus comment may not have been a spur-of-the-moment gaffe.
vajpayees position in the bjp and his government had by then been weakened by the gujarat violence of 2002 and his inability to replace modi as the chief minister.
today, modi stands supreme in party and government, at least for the moment.
new delhi, aug.
22: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today offered myanmar's new government under aung san suu kyi's national league of democracy development assistance, parliamentary training, help in a national reconciliation process and a secure border.
but the indian leader left the myanmar capital of nay pyi taw in the evening with new delhi still playing catch up with beijing that has made many of the same commitments to suu kyi, who appears more willing to entertain china than india.
sushma's visit, the first by an indian cabinet minister to myanmar since the government was sworn in four months back, came hours after suu kyi returned with a series of promises from beijing that have alarmed new delhi, senior officials here confirmed to the telegraph.
suu kyi is yet to visit new delhi after her party came to power.
indian officials are concerned not only because of china's willingness to pamper myanmar on a scale new delhi can't, but because india's own delay in communicating at senior levels of government with suu kyi may have made its task harder now.
sushma met both president u. htin kyaw and foreign minister suu kyi - a constitution passed during the previous military junta's regime forbids her holding the president's office though she is widely recognised as the de facto leader.
and the talks, the foreign office here said, were cordial and friendly.
sushma promised the fullest support to the new myanmar government in meeting its development goals, an official present at both the meetings today said.
myanmar in turn promised to ensure its territory isn't used by militants against india.
but for suu kyi, who has made clear that reconciliation between warring factions within her country is her top priority, china has emerged as a more necessary ally.
three of the rebel groups that have links to china committed during suu kyi's visit to join the 21st century panglong conference for national reconciliation that she is hosting starting august 31.
i do believe that as a good neighbour china will do everything possible to promote our peace process, suu kyi had said at a news conference in beijing.
if you ask me what my most important aim is for my country, that is to achieve peace and unity among the different peoples of our union.
without peace there can be no sustained development.
sushma too promised, in her meeting with suu kyi today, india's full support to the conference and the reconciliation initiative.
sushma also invited the myanmar president to visit india later this month, while suu kyi is expected to visit in october.
but india's outreach was delayed, its challenge compounded by sushma's poor health earlier this year that forced her to call off an end-may visit to myanmar.
chinese foreign minister wang yi had visited nay pyi taw in early may, and even french foreign minister jean-marc ayrault visited the country in june.
with significant gas reserves, and a fast-growing economy that has remained largely closed till now, myanmar's opening under a democratic government has created ripples of excitement across world capitals.
suu kyi made laos and cambodia - both members of the association of southeast asian region (asean) close to china - before travelling to beijing.
she is also expected to visit washington to meet president barack obama next month - before she visits india.
padma shri dr mukut minz (right) at the news meet in ranchi on wednesday.
picture by hardeep singhthank you very much for my surgery dr minz.
i am proud india has a surgeon of your eminence in kidney transplant surgery.
the tweet lauding the expertise of dr mukut minz was posted on december 16 by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had a successful kidney transplant at aiims, delhi.
dr minz had led the medical team.
dr minz, who was awarded padma shri this year, was on wednesday jointly felicitated by ranchi civil society, xiss and st xavier's college at the latter's campus.
after retiring as head of the department of renal transplant surgery at post graduate institute of medical education and research (pgimer), chandigarh in july last year, dr minz joined fortis hospital in mohali as a director.
he revealed his keenness to extend help in setting up a kidney transplant unit in jharkhand.
i will surely do my bit if the state government shows its willingness to set up such a unit, he told reporters at xiss earlier on wednesday.
on the paucity of kidneys for transplant, minz said, increased awareness (about organ donation) will help.
born in a nondescript village of goibhanga in odisha's sundargarh in 1951, dr minz had served for a year as a resident medical officer at catholic mission hospital at kolunga near his village.
he worked as a junior resident at jipmer in pondicherry for a year after graduating in medicine from vss medical college in sambalpur in 1975.
after moving to pgimer, chandigarh in 1980, he did his masters in general surgery in 1982 and served the institute as a senior resident and a faculty member before becoming a member of the governing body.
dr minz received advanced training in organ transplantation in norway, germany and the us.
our special correspondentnew delhi: two union ministers have swung into action to contain the damage caused to india's claims of atithi devo bhava - the ancient code that reveres guests as god - four days after some teenagers beat up a swiss couple near fatehpur sikri railway station.
tourism minister k.j. alphons also intervened in a letter to chief minister yogi adityanath, saying such incidents negatively impact our image and are detrimental to our efforts in promoting india as a tourism destination.
the swiss embassy confirmed the attack and said consular access had been provided to the couple.
although the couple's photographs were splashed all over the media, the embassy did not provide any further details, citing privacy and data protection.
an ani report from uttar pradesh quoted the state's home secretary as saying that all the five boys had been rounded up.
the incident took place days ahead of adityanath's trip to agra, where he visited the taj mahal on thursday following a campaign against the monument to love because of its mughal links.
quentin jeremy clerc and his girlfriend marie droxz were strolling near the railway station in the agra town when the boys began following them.
clerc is reported to have told the police they passed comments, wanted to take selfies with marie and also know where the couple were staying in agra.
when they objected, the boys first hit clerc and did not spare marie either when she intervened.
clerc has a fractured skull and a clot in his brain.
he has also developed a hearing impairment.
marie has a fractured arm and several bruises.
both of them were brought to delhi where they were admitted to the all india institute of medical sciences.
clerc was admitted to the icu because of his condition.
opposition parties took the government to task.
former union minister milind deora described the incident as a shameful story of breakdown of law and order in india's largest state.
samajwadi party spokesperson pankhuri pathak tweeted: swiss tourist couple stalked, harassed & attacked by 4 people in fatehpur sikri, agra, while yogi ji's police is busy lathicharging women.
the last bit was a reference to the recent police baton charge on students at banaras hindu university agitating for a safe campus.
cpm politburo member brinda karat wrote to swiss ambassador andreas baum expressing regret and urging him to convey to the couple that we are ashamed and sad that such an incident should happen.
a delegation from the cpm-aligned all india democratic women's association visited the hospital today to offer the couple support but could not meet them.
kathmandu: prime minister narendra modi is likely to visit nepal soon after a new government takes office, a leader of the cpn-uml left alliance said on sunday.
the alliance is preparing to form the government, expected to be headed by former prime minister and cpn-uml chief k.p. sharma oli.
cpn-uml secretary pradip gyawali said modi's visit was likely after oli became prime minister.
modi phoned oli twice and both invited each other to their countries, gyawali said.
oli had had also written to modi congratulating him on india's 69th republic day.
gyawali also referred to a recent visit by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying it was aimed at clearing mistrust and strengthening ties.
the victory for the left alliance -the cpn-uml led by oli and the cpn-maoist led by prachanda - in december was not seen as a positive for india given that oli had accused new delhi earlier of interfering in nepal's internal matters and toppling his government last year.
commerce minister anand sharma built his case on a government note meant for a group of ministers (gom) constituted in 2000, when the bjp-led nda was in power.
the gom was formed to review the policy on fdi in multi-brand retail and decide changes.
among the excerpts quoted by the minister was one that should ring a bell across the country.
in this country when organised retail came, when mcdonalds and kentucky fried chicken were allowed  this note states  this debate took place in the country as to what will happen to bikanerwala, what will happen to haldirams, what will happen to nathus sweets (a delhi landmark), what will happen to nirulas (one of the first modern fastfood joints in delhi)?
sharma told the lok sabha on wednesday.
but mcdonalds has also come here.
.
.
they were forced to make aloo tikki.
the taste of indians are their own.
no one from outside can cater to the spicy taste of india.
haldirams has now reached the whole world.
its 34 stores have opened in europe and three in london after that.
.
.
sushma swaraj sought to give farming advice to deepender hooda, the young congress mp who was congratulated by the prime minister later for his spirited speech.
hooda had promised to harvest two-feet- long potatoes after the opposition said foreign chains had rejected indian tubers for being too small for making french fries.
son, if you are a son of a farmer, at least understand the difference between a potato and a bottle gourd.
hooda joined the laughter sushmaswaraj did not forget to settle scores with lalu prasad, who made a comment against a bjp member and later withdrew it on the ground it was unparliamentary, during her reply.
lamhon ne khata ki thi sadiyon ne saza payi (history is witness to such situations when momentary mistakes have punished generations).
shashi tharoor contested sushmas claim that he wanted to participate in the discussion but was disallowed by senior leaders.
in the corridors of parliament, the leader of the opposition struck a smiling conversation, which i replied with a smile, said tharoor, who represents the capital of congress-ruled kerala that has not supported the fdi decision.
he requested sushmaswaraj to withdraw the statement.
j.p. yadavnarendra modinew delhi: top bjp leaders, including senior central ministers and chief ministers, will visit gujarat on sunday to prepare the ground for narendra modi to kick off his rally and road show blitzkrieg for the december polls.
the prime minister will begin his campaign with eight rallies on monday and wednesday.
the bjp plans to storm the election-bound state with modi's rallies in a desperate attempt to turn the political tide that appears unfavourable at the moment.
modi, who has already visited gujarat several times before the elections were announced, will start the campaign for the first phase of polling on december 9 with four rallies on monday.
the first rally will be held in bhuj, a town with a sizeable muslim population but known as a bjp stronghold because of polarisation.
on wednesday, modi will return to gujarat to address four more rallies, bjp general secretary and gujarat minder bhupendra yadav announced in ahmedabad on thursday.
the prime minister is expected to address at least 30-35 rallies in his home state and undertake many road shows in a bid to sway the voters, according to sources.
the bjp's internal assessment shows that the party faces rough electoral weather.
the party hopes that modi's personal connect with the voters will salvage the situation.
on sunday, party workers will listen to modi's weekly radio address mann ki baat in 50,000 polling booth areas along with voters over tea.
our workers at the booth level will organise mann ki baat, chai ke saath.
people will gather and listen to the prime minister's sunday radio address, yadav said.
later in the afternoon, virtually the entire central government will be in gujarat to address rallies in all the 89 assembly constituencies that will vote on december 9.
senior ministers such as rajnath singh, arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj, nitin gadkari and uma bharti will hold rallies at various places, setting the stage for modi's public meetings.
chief ministers of bjp-ruled states such as yogi adityanath, shivraj singh chauhan, raman singh and vasundhara raje scindia will also address rallies, as will party president amit shah and gujarat chief minister vijay rupani.
the leaders plan to launch an all-out attack on the congress at the rallies.
the main issues of the rallies will be 'dynasty vs development and casteism vs development'.
the bjp will highlight that serving the poor and ushering in good governance are the main agenda of the central and state governments, yadav said.
new delhi, oct.
31: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will halt in male on november 3 for a few hours of hectic diplomatic messaging to the maldives government after the tiny island last month agreed to join a key strategic project parented by chinese president xi jinping.
sushma will make the stopover on her way back from mauritius, where she will join ceremonies marking the 180th anniversary of the landing of indian indentured labourers.
the minister will be the first high-ranking indian representative to visit the strategically critical maldives since xi landed in male before travelling to india last month.
sushma will meet foreign minister dunya maumoon, daughter of long-time ruler maumoon abdul gayoom and the niece of current maldives president abdulla yameen.
xis visit to the maldives  the first ever by a chinese president  triggered alarm bells in new delhi because yameen and gayoom have in the past threatened to replace india with china as its strategic pole in the neighbourhood.
during xis visit, the maldives agreed to join the chinese presidents maritime silk route  a project to forge the new china-led maritime pathways in the indian ocean that new delhi worries represents beijings attempts to gain strategic superiority in indias neighbourhood.
there was a silk route, but there was also a spice route, a mausam route, and other routes, foreign ministry spokesperson and joint secretary syed akbaruddin said today, speaking about sushmas visit to the maldives.
akbaruddin was referring to the ancient spice route that travelled through kerala and the route that the monsoon follows  pathways that new delhi cites as counters to the more famous silk route more associated with china and central asia.
the subtle message  that indias neighbours could pick strategic options other than china  will likely be repeated to the maldives leadership in the few hours sushmaswaraj spends there, officials hinted.
things are slipping again, and we want to set it right, an official said.
the maldives  closer to the coast of india than new delhi is to calcutta  is indias tiniest neighbour but its location along key indian ocean maritime routes makes it a key link in indias strategic calculus.
when democratic elections in the maldives were repeatedly delayed for months till yameen was elected late 2013, india worried about islamist militants using the political chaos in the nation to plot against india.
that period also witnessed unprecedented strain between india and a stand-in government in the maldives backed by gayoom and abdulla that cancelled a $500m contract male had given to bangalore-based firm gmr to build and operate an international airport.
at rest the babus in the shastri bhavan wing that houses the petroleum ministry have found themselves on a slippery surface.
despite the acute shortage of space, murli deora, the man who was in charge earlier, had made sure that the personal staff of his junior minister, jitin prasada, was accommodated.
but the new man in charge, s jaipal reddy, has proved to be different in this respect.
as a result, the minister of state, rpn singh, has not been able to find space for his staffers.
but overcrowding isnt the only problem that the babus are grappling with at the moment.
much to their horror, they have discovered that both reddy and singh are reluctant travellers.
the duo seem to be particularly allergic to flying.
now this may not be that bad a news, given the high cost of aviation fuel.
but the bureaucrats are of the opinion that by not attending international meetings and overseas engagements, messrs reddy and singh are sending the wrong message to the prime ministers office.
if insiders are to be believed, reddy, apparently, finds the whole notion of travelling physically taxing.
as for singh, the very idea of flying gives him the jitters.
so while reddy and singh continue to stay put in the premises, the babus spend their days racking their brains to come up with a solution to get the duo on their feet.
free gift the bharatiya janata party has got a new stick to beat the government with  the centres refusal to allow the party to hoist the national flag at lal chowk in srinagar.
incidentally, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley were arrested at the jammu airport and deported from the state.
never the ones to give up easily, swaraj and jaitley tried to re-enter jammu the following day along with the other participants of the ekta yatra.
but this time too, their fate remained unchanged: swaraj and jaitley got arrested once again.
during the whole episode, swaraj tweeted vigorously and gave a minute-by-minute account of the treatment that was being meted out to her and to her partymen by the omar abdullah government.
the ekta yatra may have turned out to be a damp squib, but swaraj isnt exactly unhappy.
thanks to her dramatic tweets, the following of her tweeter account has increased by thousands.
close ties a rajas arrest has sent shock waves not just to chennai but also faraway mumbai.
supporters of the former chief minister, ashok chavan, fear that something similar may happen to their leader because of his alleged involvement in the adarsh society imbroglio.
recently, 27 mlas belonging to the congress, who are fiercely loyal to chavan, aired their grievances against the possibility of the cbi questioning him.
they also requested a non-committal prithviraj chavan, the current cm, to ensure that ashok is spared rajas fate.
such a show of support in such difficult times must have pleased ashok chavan.
tough job it has been a while since the cabinet reshuffle took place.
but the corridors of power are still agog with conspiracy theories that explain the reasons behind some ministers getting carrots and others getting sticks.
some union ministers are of the opinion that the radia tapes played a role in the distribution of plum posts.
to bolster their claim, they point out how three of their colleagues, whose names are said to feature on the spools, were shunted out of their respective ministries.
there is also some talk of a former bureaucrat, who is now a member of parliament from the janata dal (united), playing a role in the process.
but a funnier explanation of the cabinet reshuffle is also doing the rounds.
the prime minister, it says, implemented the employment guarantee scheme on his colleagues while executing this difficult task as he did not want anyone to go jobless.
no clue after the recent hike in petrol prices, didi directed her party workers to take to the streets in protest.
given the fact that the polls are round the corner, mamata banerjees compulsions are understandable.
but what shocked the congress was her claim that she was not consulted on the matter.
a senior cabinet minister remarked in jest that didi seems to have forgotten that after the de-controlling exercise, the government had no hand in the change of petrol prices.
footnotein a hurry piggy chops, alias priyanka chopra, does need a shoulder to cry on, given these taxing times.
and she seems to have found one in shahid kapoor.
by this time, most of us know that when the income tax sleuths came knocking on priyankas door, shahid  in true filmi style  dropped in from nowhere to make sure all was well with his new friend.
but what is not known is that ranbir kapoor almost ended up doing a shahid at katrina kaifs residence.
before the income tax team reached katrinas house in bandra, ranbir, the grapevine says, was through with his early breakfast meeting and had left the premises.
it is being said that these days both ranbir and katrina have become much more open about their friendship.
if that is true, why did ranbir flee the scene of trouble?
our special correspondentforeign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj greets her iran counterpart javad zarif in new delhi on monday.
we do not frame our diplomacy to please anyone.
neither is it reactive nor done under duress, sushmaswaraj said.
the clarification came hours before she was scheduled to meet iran foreign minister javad zarif.
zarif was here as part of his visits to capitals across the world in a bid to salvage the iran nuclear deal after the us walked out of the joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) earlier this month.
the walkout was in line with president donald trump's election campaign promise regarding the deal, whose other signatories were china, france, russia, the uk, germany and the european union.
sushma was responding to questions at her annual media conference on how india proposed to deal with the sanctions that are a consequence of the us pullout.
she reiterated, specifically on iran, that india had always held that it would submit to un sanctions, not those declared by individual countries.
this was how we dealt with the sanctions on iran before the jcpoa was signed in 2015.
later, the external affairs ministry, in a statement on the meeting between the two foreign ministers, said they discussed bilateral cooperation in the areas of connectivity, energy, trade and promotion of people-to-people contact.
zarif briefed sushmaswaraj about the discussions iran has undertaken with the other jcpoa signatories following the us pullout.
she, in turn, said all parties to the agreement should engage constructively for peaceful resolution of the issues that had arisen with respect to the agreement.
as for india's policy vis--vis north korea, considering the us has called off a scheduled meeting with pyongyang in singapore next month, sushmaswaraj pointed out that even when washington was pressing all countries to cut diplomatic ties with the north korean regime, india had insisted on keeping its embassy there open.
you will recall that when the then us secretary of state, rex tillerson, came to india last year, i had told the us side that it is important that the embassies of some of your friendly countries should remain there so that there are some channels of communication available when needed, she said.
sushma, however, rejected outright the suggestion that india was considering the role of a mediator in the korean peninsula.
we are not doing any mediation between the two koreas.
and, no one has asked us to play any role, she said.
all we are doing is maintaining bilateral ties with the two countries.
new delhi, april 20: bjp leader arun jaitley today said the upa governments unholy haste in pushing the appointment of a lokpal would destroy the anti-corruption watchdogs credibility.
reports say prime minister manmohan singh has sounded out the lokpal selection panel members on their availability between april 24 and 28 to meet and pick the nominees.
yesterday, the bjp requested the election commission to stop the government from making key appointments during the poll process.
calling the governments move a gross political impropriety, jaitley wrote on his blog that any appointment made by the government now, with less than a month left for the election results, would be a violation of the model code of conduct.
it would be a gross political impropriety and violation of the code of conduct, if the upa would rush through its appointment at this stage.
besides this, the procedure is legally a suspect, jaitley wrote.
an ngo recently filed a pil challenging certain provisions of the lokpal act, and has now moved a fresh application seeking a stay on the proposed selection panel meeting, making it uncertain.
in any case, the meeting is unlikely to be held if lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, a member of the selection panel, boycotts it, a top judicial officer said.
such unholy haste will destroy the credibility of the lokpal even before it is formed.
this procedure should be stopped immediately, jaitley wrote.
blaming manmohan singh, he said the prime minister was now in retirement mode.
he must seriously introspect (that) if this unholy haste in pushing the lokpal on the eve of certain departure is implemented, he will only be remembered as a prime minister who subverted institutions at the behest of his party leadership.
the prime minister has nothing to lose except some residual creditability.
jaitley wrote: on the eve of the announcement of the elections, the upa government decided to rush through with the appointment of the chairperson of the lokpal and its members.
a search committee was hurriedly appointed.
the department of personnel usurped the power of the search committee and prepared a short list of persons from whom the appointments would have to be made.
everyone, including some distinguished members of the search committee, were uneasy about the procedure being followed.
two eminent members, fali s. nariman and justice k.t. thomas, resigned from the search committee citing this as the reason.
the process of setting up the lokpal, following the enactment of the law in january, had already run into rough weather with the government and the opposition locked in a confrontation over the selection of its members.
besides the prime minister, the selection committee includes the leader of the lok sabha opposition, the speaker, the chief justice of india or his representative, and an eminent jurist.
new delhi, june 6: prime minister narendra modi is slated to have his passport stamped with a us visa shortly for a meeting with president barack obama in september  a privilege that had been denied to him by washington dc when he was gujarat chief minister.
just after modi embarks on his first foreign visit to bhutan by the end of this month, delhi will be sending out a concurrent signal to dhaka that bangladesh is also on top of the mind for the new administration in india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is likely to make her first foreign visit to bangladesh.
bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina, who sent the speaker of the bangladesh parliament for modis inaugural, had written to him suggesting that he should consider dhaka for his first foreign trip as prime minister.
sushma may be in the bangladesh capital on june 26.
modi, who had been refused a visa by the us as chief minister of gujarat for issues over the 2002 riots, is now set to set foot in the us for what is likely to be one of his first visits at the beginning of his tenure as prime minister.
his first would be to bhutan and the second, most likely to japan, in july.
modi is scheduled to be in bhutan on june 14 and 15, the prime minister of bhutan, tshering tobgay, tweeted this evening.
tobgay, who was here for modis swearing-in, said he was honored and humbled that narendra modi chose bhutan for his first foreign trip as prime minister.
the prime ministers inbox on foreign policy is full, external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin said here today.
the spokesperson could not give definite dates for each of the visits that he said were still being worked out.
since the gathering of the saarc leaders at his inaugural, modi has signalled that the neighbourhood would be his priority in foreign policy issues.
the choice of bhutan  probably indias friendliest neighbour  was dictated largely by that logic.
since the results of the elections were announced there has been a lot of interest from around the globe to meet our new political leadership.
the inbox on foreign policy is very crowded, the spokesperson said.
the calendar entries on foreign visits and meetings with foreign leaders for the rest of the year start with sunday, june 8, when the chinese foreign minister reaches new delhi as a special envoy of the chinese president on a two-day visit.
the chinese foreign ministers visit will be followed by the visit of the french foreign minister on monday.
speaking on modis much-anticipated visit to the us in september, the spokesperson said: amongst the earliest to contact the then pm-designate was us president barack obama who invited him to visit at an early date.
a man prays at an ahmedabad mosque on friday for the safe return of the indian workers kidnapped in iraq.
(afp) new delhi, june 20: indian interlocutors today managed to communicate with the construction workers abducted by militants in iraqs mosul, confirming they are unharmed, on a day prime minister narendra modi took charge of what is his governments biggest foreign policy crisis yet.
members of iraqs red crescent  as the humanitarian agency red cross is known in islamic nations  too visited the captured workers and concluded that they were safe for now, a spokesperson for the organisation said.
but the indian government prepared the nation for what could be several days before it secured the release of the abducted men, because the violence around mosul makes any rescue operation risky.
of the 40 men kidnapped last weekend, one has escaped and is communicating with the indian embassy.
i can confirm that all the abducted men are safe and unharmed, foreign ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin said before adding in response to a question: compared to yesterday, the situation today is better.
the hostages, in phone conversations, revealed that their captors  the notoriously brutal islamic state of iraq and syria (isis) that has grabbed vast swathes of iraqs territory  had not hurt any of them.
one official indicated to the telegraph that the indian interlocutors had managed to speak to one of the abductors but the foreign office refused to confirm this.
the men (hostages) are safe, with adequate water and food for the time being, said a spokesperson for red crescent.
what we have now is proper confirmation of where the men are being held, at least right now, an indian official said.
that, combined with the knowledge that they are safe and unharmed, gives us some assurance.
bolstering the optimism was indian diplomats success, over the past 24 hours, in smuggling 16 indians out of the war zone that spans central iraq.
these include eight men working at the baiji oilfields  iraqs largest  and eight working at a project in anbarrun by lanco infratech, the infrastructure giant owned by lagadapati rajagopal, the former mp who was expelled for using pepper spray in parliament.
but that sense of optimism, officials accepted, can change rapidly in the battle zone that is iraq.
on a day modi decided to no longer leave the crisis to the foreign ministry to handle, he told his officials not to do anything that could jeopardise the hostages safety, sources said.
the prime minister today for the first time chaired a crisis management meeting with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, national security adviser ajit doval, research and analysis wing chief alok joshi, foreign secretary sujatha singh and the secretary (east) in the foreign ministry, anil wadhwa.
modi had till yesterday only sought updates from the foreign ministry.
previously i had said it had been a matter of high priority for the ministry of external affairs, but today i would like to say that this is a matter of high priority for the entire government of india, akbaruddin said.
india, he said, had since last night banned emigration clearance for some of its most vulnerable workers  those without a matriculation degree  from leaving for iraq.
the foreign ministry, akbaruddin said, had also asked all its missions in countries neighbouring iraq to speak to their host governments to ensure that no indian citizen who crosses in from iraq faces any challenges from immigration or security authorities.
but rescuing the abducted indian nationals could take time, he cautioned.
the situation is such that the land routes are extremely difficult to use for bringing out anybody, akbaruddin said.
and we have been advised by everybody we have been in touch with  for the present, hold on.
bandhu tirkey ranchi, sept.
20: trinamul congress leader and mla bandhu tirkeys recent comment about marwari women and lipstick has earned him the wrath of the community that now wants to complain against him to party chief mamata banerjee.
a host of organisations representing the community, including the prominent agrawal sabha that organised a seminar on womens empowerment today, have come out openly against the mandar mla for his statement made at a party programme at ghatshila on tuesday.
at the gathering, tirkey asked tribal women to learn from marwaris about how to fight for their rights.
marwari aurten lipstick lagakar make-up kar ke pradarshan karti hai, seminar karti hai.
lipstick aur make-up par log unko dekhte bhi hain (marwari women, in make up and lipstick, stage demonstrations and organise seminars.
people notice them because of their lipstick and make up), he said.
community organisations like maheshwari sabha (ms), akhil bhartiya marwari mahila sammelan (abmms) and others are upset, deciding to send a memorandum to trinamul supremo and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, demanding his apology.
she (banerjee) should know about this person whom she has chosen to head her party in jharkhand.
we will also send memorandums to the prime minister, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and chief minister hemant soren.
if tirkey doesnt tender an unconditional public apology we will boycott him and his party, said meera bathwal, former vice president of abmms.
tirkey admitted having used the words lipstick, marwari women and make-up, but blamed the media for misrepresenting him.
the media twisted my statement.
i wanted to tell tribal women how our beautiful marwari sisters and mothers are conscious for their rights and dons mind coming out in the open to fight (for their rights), tirkey has said.
at todays agrawal sabha seminar on nari suraksha samajik chetna aur ham mahilaon ki bhumika, speaker after speaker took on tirkey on his insensitive comment.
we put lipstick and make-up for ourselves and not for public entertainment.
tirkey has forgotten that he went to marwari school established by a marwari.
his derogatory and anti-feminist remark is in poor taste, said archana sabu, an advocate and member of agrawal sabha.
pratibha pandey, chairman of samaj kalyan board, also slammed tirkey.
wonder how such statements are being issued by tirkey who was state hrd minister.
has he lost common sense?
she remarked during the seminar.
but, tirkeys long-time friend and party member jagdish lohra defended him.
he did not mean it.
he was only referring to the community as an example of how urban women fight for their rights, he said.
the united arab emirates (uae) on thursday decided to confer the order of zayed  the countrys highest civilian decoration  on prime minister narendra modi as a mark of appreciation for his efforts to boost bilateral ties.
the announcement was made on twitter by abu dhabis crown prince, mohammed bin zayed al nahyan.
he posted the tweets in arabic and english and backed them up hours later with one in hindi.
we have historical and comprehensive strategic ties with india, reinforced by the pivotal role of my dear friend, prime minister narendra modi, who gave these relations a big boost.
in appreciation of his efforts, the uae president grants him the zayed medal, al nahyan tweeted.
tweeting in arabic, english and hindi, modi acknowledged the gesture.
thank you, your highness mohamed bin zayed al nahyan.
i accept this honour with utmost humility.
under your visionary leadership, our strategic ties have reached new heights.
this friendship is contributing to the peace and prosperity of our people and planet, modi tweeted.
the uaes decision was celebrated by the modi government and the bjp alike, but there was no official word on whether the prime minister would travel to the gulf country to accept the award.
no date for conferment of the award has been announced by the uae.
external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said exchange of high-level visits was part of all strategic relationships.
whenever it is planned, we will inform you, he said in response to a question at the weekly briefing.
about the uaes decision, the external affairs ministry said: this singular honour is in recognition of the efforts of the government under the prime ministers leadership to develop the strategic partnership between india and the uae.
we greatly appreciate this honour bestowed upon the pm by crown prince mohammed bin zayed and the government of the uae.
the uae is home to the largest number of our citizens outside india, and is our partner in diverse pillars of cooperation, including investment, energy, defence and security.
the bjp held up the award as yet another feather in modis cap.
in appreciation of his role in consolidating the long-standing friendship and joint strategic cooperation between uae and india, the uae president has conferred zayed medal to prime minister shri narendra modi, the bjp tweeted from its official handle.
several union ministers were effusive in their acknowledgement of the honour for modi.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted: on behalf of the people of india, i express our deep sense of gratitude to his highness the president, his highness the crown prince of uae for this great honour.
with this, you have honoured india and the people of india.
the award announcement came close on the heels of speculation about a possible uae visit by the prime minister in the middle of electioneering to lay the foundation stone of the bochasanwasi shri akshar purushottam swaminarayan sanstha temple in abu dhabi on april 20.
modi had unveiled the temples model during a visit last year.
among earlier recipients of the award are chinese president xi jinping, russian president vladimir putin, german chancellor angela merkel, former us president george bush and queen elizabeth ii.
the order of zayed is conferred on heads of state and government who have strengthened relationships with the uae.
passport centre pleabhubaneswar: chief minister naveen patnaik on thursday called on union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in new delhi and demanded opening of three more passport seva kendras in the second phase in balasore, berhampur and bhawanipatna.
he also discussed a number of issues, such as post office passport seva kendras, grievance redressal of odisha men and women working abroad and sharing of database on immigrants with the state government.
cong leadersbhubaneswar: the congress on thursday suspended to zila parishad members rabindra dahal from umerkote in nabarangpur district and laxmi sabar from gunupur in rayagada district for defying party whip.
suicidesbhubaneswar: fresh cases of farmer suicide were reported from boudh and jajpur district on thursday.
farmer ballav dharei of jallepalli village in kantamal block of boudh died while undergoing treatment at sonepur district headquarters hospital.
in jajpur, farmer kalinga ghadei of raghunathpur has committed suicide by drinking poison.
minor rapedsambalpur: a five-year-old girl was allegedly gang-raped by three minors in dhama police station area of the district on thursday.
police have detained the three juveniles.
the accused boys reportedly took the victim to a desolate place on the pretext of playing a game and gang-raped her.
murder arrestbhubaneswar: police on thursday arrested four persons, including the parents and a cousin of prime accused bhismajit patnaik, in connection with the murder of abhijit behera at tamando on wednesday evening.
pravakar patnaik (55), snehalata patnaik (45), bhismajit patnaik (25) and soumyajit behera (24) were taken into custody.
slap cuffsbhubaneswar: police arrested congress leader ketaki gamango and her husband for allegedly slapping newly elected zila parishad president of rayagada purushottam gamango.
a nun of the missionaries of charity garlands the pope at the vatican.
(reuters vatican city, sept.
3: the vatican has seen a lot of political intrigue and machinations in its time.
but it is rare for it to bear witness to a fine display of indian political skulduggery.
the big question is whether bengal chief minister mamata banerjee will occupy pride of place in the front row among the celebrities and the leading lights of the catholic church when mother teresa is canonised tomorrow.
in style, if in nothing else, mamata exemplifies the virtues of simplicity and austere living that mother teresa did.
both have lived and worked in the streets of calcutta.
in the normal course, she would have been an obvious choice to be a prominent personality in the indian delegation that the narendra modi government has sent to the vatican for tomorrow's canonisation.
except that there are three separate delegations from india, all housed at the gran melia hotel - and there is very little interaction among them.
the modi delegation is led by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the so-called bengal delegation is led by mamata.
and then there is the delhi delegation led by chief minister arvind kejriwal.
sushma and mamata flew in on the same flight from dubai to rome.
although there was a courtesy meeting between them in dubai, indian diplomats have been struggling to get mamata to join sushmaswaraj in the front row for tomorrow's big event.
mamata has demurred.
she insists she will sit with the missionaries of charity since she has been invited specifically by sister prema, who heads the order that mother teresa formed in 1950.
i have come as a commoner, i will attend like a commoner and i will return as a commoner, mamata told journalists during an informal chat on the emirates flight out from calcutta on friday.
mamata believes she has very good reason to feel miffed.
she had booked her rooms at the gran melia three months ago.
just days before her trip, the rooms earmarked for her and her team were hijacked to accommodate harsimrat kaur, the akali leader and a minister in modi's government.
mamata has obviously been peeved by the developments but insists she will take them in her stride because the vatican event is meant to commemorate mother teresa, for whom she has always had the highest regard.
the diplomats are hoping to break down her resolve to avoid the front ranks at tomorrow's event.
front page > northeast > northeast briefs northeast briefs judge meeting guwahati, nov.
4: acting chief justice of gauhati high court, k. sreedhar rao, today held a meeting with assam dgp khagen sarma and other senior officials to discuss issues like holding of lok adalats and security arrangements in courts.
ibobi plea imphal: manipur chief minister okram ibobi singh has urged union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to expedite the release of six manipuris lodged in prisons in myanmar.
alumni guwahati: the education usa alumni roadshow shared their experiences at educational institutions in the us with over 200 city school and college students here on tuesday.
short film guwahati: the saraighat short film festival, organised by northeast youth foundation, concluded on tuesday.
ten short films were screened during the festival.
launch guwahati: toyota kirloskar motors launched new versions of its etios and etios liva vehicles here on tuesday.
sushma swaraj addresses an election rally in chhapra on monday.
(pti) senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj resurfaced on the national political scenario and lauded the leadership qualities of narendra modi on monday, four days after her fate was sealed in evms at the vidisha parliamentary constituency on april 24.
coming out to campaign for the bihar bjp leaders after remaining busy in electioneering in her own constituency in madhya pradesh, sushmaswaraj addressed three election rallies in the state at madhubani, and ekma and amnour in saran district.
in each rally, she lashed out at the congress and batted for modi.
he has tremendous leadership quality.
the country is passing through a bad patch of hatashaa aur nirashaaa (desperation and disappointment) because of the 10-year-rule of the congress-led upa.
only the bjp, whose chief ministers have given good governance and is led by an able modi, can pull out the country from this sorry condition, she said in her maiden election rally in bihar during the ongoing general election.
listing the achievements of the congress during its 10-year rule, she mentioned price rise, rampant corruption, condition of farmers, bending before pakistan and trade recession among others.
showering praise on hukumdeo, swaraj described him as her sankat mochak (one who pulls out of problem).
whenever i felt problem in the lok sabha as the leader of the opposition, i used to turn towards him.
he used to sit right behind me in the house and could talk on topics related to farmers and labourers for hours without consulting any paper, she said, appealing to the people to elect him so that she could continue to get such help.
yadav is locked in a triangular fight with the rjds abdul bari siddiqui and ghulam ghaus of the jd(u) at madhubani, which will go to vote on april 30.
from madhubani, she flew 150km west to ekma in saran district to address an election rally in support of the bjps maharajganj nominee janardan singh sigriwal.
her next rally venue was amnour, 40km by air from ekma, under the saran parliamentary constituency.
appealing to the people to vote for the bjps rajiv pratap rudy, she lashed out at the congress.
saran and maharajganj would vote on may 7.
women job rulenew delhi, nov.
17 (pti): a woman will have the final right to choose who should take her deceased husbands job in the delhi municipal corporation, according to the civic bodys new policy for dependents of its deceased employees.
the policy, which also increased the age limit for applying for jobs on compassionate grounds from 32 to 40 years, makes sure that the dependent joining the service gives an undertaking that he will take care of his mother, the widow of the deceased civic employee, for good.
cbse leakport blair (pti): four persons were sentenced to life by a special court on thursday after they were found guilty of getting this years class xii cbse question papers leaked for their own children.
flag casebhopal: a court in sehore district of madhya pradesh issued a non-bailable warrant against chief minister shivraj singh chauhan and sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday for insulting the national flag during a procession in 2010.
however, later in the evening, a sessions court stayed the order till december 1.
chauhan was part of swarajs procession in march 2010 when a young girl posing as bharat mata reportedly held the national flag upside down.
first class magistrate zafar iqbal taking strong exception to their absence from court had ordered police to file criminal cases against the duo and issued the warrant under prevention of insults to national honour act 1971.
militant killedsrinagar (pti): a hizb-ul mujahideen militant was killed in an encounter with security forces in shopian on thursday.
officials said muneer ahmad kalas was killed in a cordon-and-search operation.
jail for assetsnew delhi (pti): a former enforcement directorate official has been jailed along with his wife for three years for owning assets disproportionate to his income.
corruption is corroding our country like cancerous lymph nodes, the court said while convicting d.l. vaid, 65, and his wife for abetting him in the crime.
our special correspondentnew delhi: india and myanmar on friday signed a land border crossing agreement - billed as a landmark decision that would allow people from both countries to cross the land border with passport and visa for health-related visits, education, pilgrimage and tourism.
the agreement was signed during the ongoing visit of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to myanmar.
the agreement will facilitate regulation and harmonisation of free movement rights for people living in the border areas.
it will also allow movement of people on the basis of valid passports and visas.
sushma iterated india's willingness to help myanmar in addressing issues related to the trouble-torn rakhine state and urged her host country to ensure the speedy and sustainable return of the rohingya.
the statement released by the external affairs ministry does not use the word rohingya in evident deference to myanmar's sensitivities, and refers to them as the displaced persons of the rakhine state.
judith d'souza new delhi, june 13: afghan security forces are engaged in sensitive negotiations with breakaway militant groups and criminal gangs to identify the organisation that abducted calcutta aid worker judith d'souza from kabul last week, senior officials from both countries said today.
the negotiations are too delicate to be detailed, but involve efforts to pinpoint as best as possible where abductors may have taken d'souza, without scaring them into hurting her, the officials told the telegraph on strict condition of anonymity.
the efforts follow three days of silence from her abductors who have not contacted d'souza's family, her employers at the aga khan development network, afghan authorities or the indian embassy to make any demands in exchange for the 39-year-old's release.
based on accounts of the abduction shared with police by witnesses, afghan authorities have tapped contacts in militant groups - including breakaway factions of the taliban - for any information they may have on the incident, the officials said.
afghan police have also turned to informers within more local crime syndicates for any details on d'souza's abductors.
these efforts haven't gone fully in vain, officials claimed, and at least 10 individuals have been questioned by the police over sunday and monday based on leads.
three of these individuals are from outside kabul, one official said, suggesting that the police dragnet has stretched beyond the afghan capital.
but no interrogation has so far yielded what any of the officials was willing to call a breakthrough.
instead, two of the officials used the word painstaking to describe the effort to follow every lead to see if it leads to d'souza or her abductors.
a human life is at stake.
we are working round the clock.
i cannot disclose more.
sushma's choice of words captures a conundrum staring at indian and afghan officials involved in the rescue efforts.
the absence of any public claim of responsibility or of any demands increasingly points to an abduction carried out by a group that may not have bargained for the intense scrutiny - of an international nature - their crime has attracted, officials said.
but the group has also remained successful in shielding its secrecy, possibly to ride out the current focus on the case before deciding whether to exchange d'souza for money or other demands, they added.
while launching an all-out hunt for d'souza and her abductors, officials said, investigators are trying to simultaneously send the message - unofficially - through the local community that their emphasis is on finding the aid worker.
the idea, officials said, is to tell the abductors that negotiations are possible, to reduce the risk that they may physically hurt d'souza.
this strategy, officials conceded, was particularly important because the afghan government and the police do not hold control over large swathes of the country, including territories not far from kabul.
if the abductors have successfully taken d'souza to a hideout in a territory where the government's writ does not run, these informal negotiations alone offer a chance to seek the calcutta woman's release, they said.
relatives mourn holding a portrait of gurcharan singh, one of the 39 indian workers whose bodies were found buried northwest of mosul, in jalal usma village in punjab.
(ap photo)new delhi, mar.
the bodies were recovered from a mass grave in an area that iraqi forces recaptured last july.
with full proof i can say these 39 are dead, she said.
the government had for years said it would only declare the men dead once it had full evidence.
it was not immediately known when the indians were killed.
the last dna match was confirmed on monday.
the is had taken hostage of group of 40 indian workers, mostly from punjab, but one harjit masih from gurdaspur had managed to escape and had claimed to have witnessed the massacre of the others.
but the government rejected it.
she said masih had managed to flee the is by faking his identity as a muslim from bangladesh.
inquiries from a caterer revealed that the isis caught them when they were coming back after meals.
they were first taken to a textile factory where bangladeshi workers were separated and sent to the city of erbil.
the caterer stated that he had received a call from one 'ali' who claimed that he is from bangladesh and should be moved to erbil as commanded by the is, she said, adding masih had called her up from erbil but could not say how he had reached there.
he had escaped by faking as ali in the van arranged by caterer to transport bangladeshi to erbil, she said.
when next day, a count of indians found one of them missing, they all were moved to badosh.
sushma swaraj in the rajya sabha on tuesday.
picture: ptinajiha abdul-amir al-shimari, center, the head of iraq's martyrs establishment speaks during a press conference, in baghdad, iraq on tuesday.
picture: ap 1the minister said after the isis was overthrown, her deputy and minister of state for external affairs v.k. singh visited iraq in search of the missing indians.
he along with the indian ambassador and an iraqi official searched the badosh prison, the last known location of 39 indians.
local inquiries led to the mass grave, from where bodies were exhumed and taken to baghdad for dna testing.
baghdad- based martyrs foundation was requested to help establish the identity of indians on priority.
the first match was of sandeep.
.
.
yesterday 38 matches were confirmed and 39th person had been 70 per cent matched because dna of his relatives was used in absence of his parents, she said.
the minister thanked iraqi authorities for excellent cooperation in first using deep penetration radar to locate the bodies, then exhuming them and later transferring them to baghdad for dna testing.
the opposition congress condoled the deaths but its leader and leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad sought to remind the government that it had assured us last year that the indians were alive.
singh that the indians were made to work at a hospital construction site and then shifted to a farm before they were put in a jail in badosh.
swaraj wanted to make a similar statement in the lok sabha but could not do so because of ruckus created by opposition members.
dozens of mass graves have been discovered in territory once held by the islamic state group, though iraq's government has only been able to examine a handful of them.
iraqi officials say they lack the resources and trained personnel to properly exhume so many sites.
at the height of their power, is controlled nearly a third of the country.
sushma swaraj new delhi, may 15: when president pranab mukherjee flew to papua new guinea and new zealand in early may, the foreign office highlighted the rarity of the visits that made them landmark occasions.
but the trips were equally an effort by the narendra modi government to play catch-up with its own stated priorities, set in its first year at a pace many veterans cautioned was double-edged.
after modi held a summit with counterparts from papua new guinea and 13 other pacific island countries in each of his first two years as prime minister, india has quietly reduced the frequency of meetings to once every two years.
when new zealand prime minister john key wanted to visit india in february, the prime minister's office said modi did not have time to host him.
key was politely told to drop his plans.
the pacific region isn't alone, four senior officials familiar with the challenge have confirmed.
two years after modi began accumulating record flying miles as prime minister, india is struggling to find time either for the new relationships he has emphasised, as with the pacific countries, or for the old bonds with africa and latin america that he has promised to rejuvenate.
modi's stamina for travel hasn't dimmed, and the foreign office is trying its best to juggle dates.
but a legacy constraint that has long held indian diplomacy back has expanded under the current government, hobbling its efforts to keep up the momentum modi tried to set.
indian prime ministers have traditionally held foreign policy so close to themselves that any major breakthrough needs them to meet their foreign counterparts.
presidents and vice-presidents largely have ceremonial diplomatic roles.
the foreign ministers and their deputies are principally tasked with preparing for prime ministers' visits and maintaining existing levels of relations.
but under modi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is widely perceived as wielding even lower influence on foreign policy than many of her predecessors.
also, at a time india's diplomatic engagements are constantly increasing, the modi government has reduced the number of junior foreign ministers from two under the upa to one.
we need to fundamentally change that approach and designate many more people with the authority to push relationships, former diplomat kishan rana, an advocate for foreign office reforms, told the telegraph.
if we don't, we will continue to struggle.
modi's second foreign visit as prime minister was to brazil, for the july 2014 brazil-russia-india-china-south africa (brics) summit where he also met leaders from every south american country, invited by the host.
i assure you that india will work more closely with south america than ever before, modi told those leaders.
i look forward to returning to this great continent.
modi has visited 32 countries since then but has not had time to visit south america again.
in fact, he has put off a visit.
venezuela was to hold the summit of the non-aligned movement - of which india was a founder - last summer.
but indian and venezuelan officials confirmed that the modi government pressed for a postponement arguing the prime minister would be unable to attend.
the summit was postponed to july 2016, but modi has not yet confirmed his attendance.
the modi government has also not had time to host leaders from the region.
no head of state or government from latin america - mexico, central america and south america barring the few english colonies and suriname - has visited india over the past two years.
africa is no different.
in october 2015, modi hosted leaders from all 54 african countries for the largest multilateral summit india has held in more than three decades.
we are conscious of the shadow that falls between an idea and action, between intention and implementation, modi told them.
however, africa will remain at the centre of our attention.
and i look forward to visiting all the regions of africa in the years ahead.
but two years into his tenure, mainland africa remains the one large landmass - apart from greenland and antarctica - that modi has not visited.
vice-president hamid ansari's visits to senegal and morocco, earlier scheduled for april, have had to be postponed because of the government's decision to call parliament to session.
ansari is chair of the rajya sabha.
sushma's health has exacerbated the challenge.
the foreign office wanted her to visit australia and fiji in february but she indicated unease at multiple stopovers and long flights.
the foreign minister was to visit myanmar on may 1.
she would have been the senior-most representative from the modi government to do so since the aung san suu kyi-led national league for democracy came to power recently.
chinese foreign minister wang yi had already beaten her to myanmar, visiting in early april.
but sushmaswaraj was down with pneumonia, and was discharged from hospital only today.
so she could not travel on may 1.
india has also postponed a planned may 19 sushmaswaraj visit to japan because of her health.
no, the visit is not happening this month, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said on thursday.
new delhi needs to look no further than its eastern neighbours, officials said, for an alternative approach.
japan empowers special envoys - former prime ministers and retired diplomats - to develop bilateral relations with key countries.
although the final authority in china rests with the president, it too is increasingly using all members of its powerful politburo standing committee as envoys representing beijing overseas.
india tried emulating the japanese model, when modi's predecessor manmohan singh appointed former minister ashwani kumar as his special envoy for relations with tokyo in 2013.
but the attempt was soon forgotten.
india's governments have in recent years assigned specific geographies to junior foreign ministers to at least make token visits when the prime minister, president, vice-president or foreign minister can't.
the upa had two junior foreign ministers - one specifically for the gulf countries and the other mainly for countries in africa and latin america.
but modi has appointed just a single minister, v.k. singh, as sushma's deputy.
cyber cases new delhi, aug.
25 (pti): cybercrime cases registered under the it act have surged nearly 300 per cent in india between 2011 and 2014, according to a study that has cautioned that cyber attacks are occurring at a greater intensity.
the assocham-pwc study revealed that the attacks have been mostly initiated from the us, turkey, china and pakistan.
with the spread of the internet, india has emerged as one of the primary targets for cyber criminals, it said.
rss workers kannur : two rss workers were allegedly attacked with sharp-edged weapons by cpm workers near a construction site in kannur, kerala, on thursday, police said.
later, two more workers were attacked with iron rods.
all four are in hospital in thalassery.
explosives kanpur (pti): the anti-terrorism squad and police in a joint raid seized a huge cache of explosives from ghatampur area on thursday that included 30,000 detonators, 20,000 gelatin sticks and 600 kg of ammonium nitrate.
four persons have been arrested from kanpur and another person from jhansi.
rape convict new delhi (pti): vinay sharma, one of the convicts in the december 16 gang-rape case, allegedly tried to commit suicide in tihar jail on wednesday but his attempt was foiled by the guards.
he has been kept under 24-hours observation at a hospital.
ai flight mumbai (pti): an air india flight carrying over 300 people from mumbai to newark was diverted to kazakhstan after detection of fumes in the cargo hold that triggered a fire alarm.
a relief aircraft is on the way from new delhi to ferry the stranded passengers to newark.
pm followers new delhi (pti): prime minister narendra modi has pipped actor amitabh bachchan to become the most followed indian on twitter.
as on thursday, modi had over 22.
1 million followers and bachchan 22 million at the last count.
loyalty points in the world of politics, loyalty is a lonely word.
but the nehru-gandhis, long used to seeing people hang on to their coat-tails, seem to have only just started waking up to the truth.
fortunately, they have people to ring the alarm bells.
when kamal nath stopped by parliament to have a word with sharad pawar, who was busy chatting with k natwar singh  the man who has shaken the congress universe  pawar immediately predicted that he might have a call from the palace waiting for him when he got home.
other rulers managing their political empires do not believe they are as lucky.
take mulayam singh yadav, the samajwadi party patriarch, who recently shared the dais with amar singh, whom he had banished some years ago.
mulayamjis behaviour has foxed many, inside the party as well as inside the family.
the partys thakur leaders are reacting badly to what they believe are portents to amars possible return to the party.
the family is also divided on the issue, with akhilesh apparently wanting amar back only if he agreed to the partys terms, and his younger brother, the little-known prateek, avowedly in favour of amar.
given that the party is already under a lot of stress following the recent incidents of communal strife in uttar pradesh, there are rumours that mulayam may be banking on amars famed tactics to defend the party within and outside parliament.
but there is another theory  mulayamji is apparently trying to prevent amar from doing a natwar on him.
apparently, there was some talk of amar penning his memoirs.
popular face if there is a vote for the man of the moment, there are chances that neither narendra modi nor amit shah would be the winner.
the honour would perhaps go to prakash javadekar, the union minister for information and broadcasting, who is presently the most popular parliamentarian.
it is the rapport that javadekar has built with the opposition benches that is believed to have helped the government tide over the crisis on the gaza issue in parliament.
when the business advisory meet formally began, javadekar realized that he had forgotten to discuss the matter with the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who, by that time, had proceeded to nepal.
javadekar supposedly came clean on his position and requested opposition leaders not to make an issue of the matter till swaraj returned.
the opposition, surprisingly, obliged.
the meeting, one hears, ended amidst generous servings of tea and biscuits and a lot of good will for javadekar.
unlucky room the congresss lok sabha tally of 44 seems to have given a bad ring to the number, 44.
for instance, there are no takers for room number 44 in parliament house.
traditionally, this room is allotted to the leader of the opposition.
but since no single political party has been able to win 10 per cent of the seats of the lok sabhas current strength of 543 in this election, there are no direct claimants for the post.
as it is, there is an acute dearth of rooms inside parliament.
so it is surprising that in spite of being spacious and offering adequate space for personal staff, room 44 has had no bidders amidst leaders and political parties.
rude jolt luck seems to have run out for rajiv shukla, who was once known for his camaraderie with opponents.
apparently, shukla had assumed that he would be in the good books of one of the union ministers for whom he had vacated his ministerial bungalow.
the gesture, shukla had hoped, would earn him friendly treatment over the allegations of a land scam in maharashtra.
but the said minister is believed to have advised his partymen to maintain their distance from congress leaders.
new choice the countdown for the haryana assembly election has begun.
since the bharatiya janata party, apart from the indian national lok dal, is expected to do well, the hunt for a possible chief minister has begun.
one name doing the rounds is that of the union external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she is a native of haryana and holds the distinction of being the youngest minister from the state.
if she actually makes it, swaraj will be able to lay claim to being a political heavyweight.
footnotesmooth ties the groundswell of support for priyanka gandhi vadra is gathering force.
on a visit to bhopal, a senior aicc functionary was stunned to note that the majority of the states congress mlas were all praise for priyanka and not rahul gandhi.
but shivraj singh chauhan seems unstoppable.
the madhya pradesh cm is managing the rss effortlessly.
so much so that bhopal is emerging as the next most important destination for the rss after nagpur and jhandewalan.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj plants a sapling at the inauguration of the nalanda university in rajgir on friday.
picture by nagendra kumar singh external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday backed the state governments proposal to set up an airport in nalanda.
she said an airport would be a necessity at nalanda because people from across the globe would visit the seat of learning.
an airport is necessary at nalanda.
if people come to the varsity from outside, the only option with them at present is patna airport (around 110km from the varsity site at rajgir).
addressing the gathering during the varsitys inaugural function earlier, chief minister jitan ram manjhi said around 1,200-1,400 acres of land was available at nalanda, which could be used for development of the proposed airport.
manjhi said: the state government would hold a meeting with the union civil aviation ministry in a couple of days on the issue of setting up the new airport at nalanda.
on this auspicious occasion (of inauguration of the nalanda university), i would appeal to the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, to persuade the civil aviation ministry to accept our proposal for the new airport.
senior officials in the state civil aviation directorate confirmed that a letter had been sent to the union civil aviation ministry to hold a meeting in this regard on september 20.
the role of the central government in setting up a new international airport is crucial.
according to the tentative plan, the state government has fixed september 30 for holding the meeting with senior officials from the centre.
a reply from the centre is still awaited, said captain deepak kumar singh, director (operation)cumchief pilot, state directorate of civil aviation.
this is not the first time that the state government has pitched for an airport in nalanda.
in february 2011, it had written a letter to the chairman of airports authority of india (aai) expressing its willingness to provide 1,200 acres of land in silao circle of nalanda district, around 105km southeast of patna, for setting up a new airport.
the aai did not accept the proposal claiming that it had asked for 4,800 acres of land for setting up the airport in nalanda and it was not possible for it to move ahead with the state government offering just 1,200 acres.
nalanda had figured in the list of one of the prospective sites for setting up a substitute for the existing airport in patna.
the two other places in the list were bihta and punpun.
a team from the aai had visited bihar in october 2009 for inspecting the three proposed sites.
it rejected punpun citing it was a low-lying area.
the team had given the first preference to bihta air base, around 35km from patna.
the second preference was given to nalanda.
extra land chief minister jitan ram manjhi said a proposal to offer 100 acres of additional land to nalanda university would soon be tabled before the state cabinet.
the varsity would be free to take it whenever needed.
the state government has provided 452 acres of land at rajgir for the development of nalanda university campus for free.
boundary wall has been constructed all around the varsity site, around 12.
5km from the ancient nalanda university ruins.
smoking kills new delhi, march 17: survivors of oral cancer today joined health groups in reaching out to mps, and urging them to push the centre into taking long-overdue steps to curb the use of tobacco.
damodar verma, a 62-year-old man with a cheek and mouth disfigured by cancer surgery was among dozens of patients and their families who interacted with mps, including leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj.
public health specialists who had organised the meeting said such interactions are intended to influence policy-makers who can push the government into implementing obligations on tobacco control that it has consistently tried to avoid.
its disheartening that instead of strengthening tobacco control measures, we have seen regression, said prakash gupta, a cancer epidemiologist formerly with the tata institute of fundamental research, mumbai.
doctors said theyre hoping the sight of patients may get mps to act against tobacco.
nothing else seems to work  now were showing them images of pain, misery, and disfigurement  all caused by tobacco, said pankaj chaturvedi, associate professor of surgical oncology at the tata memorial hospital, mumbai.
verma, a resident of bulandshahr in uttar pradesh, had begun to chew tobacco in 1974 and continued until 2004 when he was diagnosed with oral cancer.
it was an addiction  i just couldnt give up, verma said after meeting the mps, mainly from the bjp.
i would have never started if i had seen such horrible images on packets, said sachin goyal, an entrepreneur involved in the glass bangles business in a town near agra and another cancer survivor.
the non-government voluntary health association of india had displayed graphic images of the abnormal growth and destruction of tissues in oral cancer at the interaction venue.
goyal, 34, used to consume five pouches of chewable tobacco each day.
some of my friends see me today and yet havent been able to give up the habit, said goyal, who is launching a campaign to influence friends via the internet.
a health ministry proposal to introduce graphic images of mouth cancer on tobacco packets has been postponed several times by a group of ministers appointed by the government to examine the proposal.
anti-tobacco activists believe sections of the tobacco industry are lobbying the government to stall such measures.
already we see regressive steps  the warnings were to be on both sides, theyre on one side, the size of the warnings is also smaller than what was originally proposed, said gupta.
we need pictorial warnings that frighten people away from tobacco, said swaraj.
tobacco hurts not just the people who consume it but also their families.
public health specialists believe tobacco accounts for about 8,00,000 deaths in india each year.
ptisushma swaraj.
file picturenew delhi: an embraer aircraft carrying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to south africa went incommunicado for 14 minutes on saturday, causing the mauritius air traffic control to press the panic button, the airports authority of india said on sunday.
contact was lost with the indian air force flight ifc 31 after it left male's airspace for mauritius's, the statement said.
it said that instead of waiting for the mandatory 30 minutes, the mauritius air traffic control activated the uncertainty phase, known as incerfa in aviation parlance.
this was perhaps done because the flight was carrying a vip, the statement said.
since the embraer-135 cannot make long-range flights, it had stopovers at thiruvananthapuram and mauritius for refuelling.
the flight had left thiruvananthapuram for mauritius at 2.
08pm.
after it left indian airspace, it was handed over to the male air traffic control, which established contact with the flight at 4.
44pm indian time.
soon after, it was handed over to the mauritius air traffic control, and its failure to establish contact led to panic.
however, everyone was relieved when contact was re-established at 4.
58pm, the statement said.
i have just spoken to @sushmaswaraj.
she has landed in johannesburg few minutes back.
she is safe and sound and there is nothing for us to worry.
it is always between her and lord krishna, her husband swaraj kaushal tweeted in the evening.
the comments made by the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, in the context of the surrogacy (regulation) bill, 2016, can serve as a mini manifesto of the bharatiya janata party.
all the bogeys of the ruling party are neatly lined up in her speech.
there is the nebulous concept of indian ethos, which good citizens should always follow; there are the laws of nature, which, though mythical, are absolute; there is fashion, which, be warned, can inflame the passions of the moral police; and then there is the big ban, which seems to be the solution for all problems of present-day india.
the bill, which has been passed by the union cabinet, prohibits commercial surrogacy.
when the bjp came to power in 2014, there had been fears that it would make its way into people's bedrooms to make sure that the saffron bulb burns even in the most intimate of spaces.
with the surrogacy bill, the party has outdone itself by getting into the womb.
the apparent aim of the bill is to stop the exploitation of poorer women, who often agree to become surrogate mothers in exchange for money.
the expressed objective is so pious that it can obscure the insidious intent of the bill.
when ms swaraj made it clear that under the proposed law, unmarried couples, single parents, live-in partners, homosexuals, foreigners and non-resident indians cannot opt for surrogacy, she drew the parameters of an ideal, homogenized (read saffronized) society, where only legally-wedded heterosexual couples born and brought up in india would have the privilege of getting a child through surrogacy, and that too after ensuring that the surrogate mother is a close relative.
the close relative clause, which suggests that the surrogate mother and the commissioning couple have to be from the same caste and community, seems to be a safeguard against 'miscegenation'.
following the bill's logic, all those who deviate from the norms set by it in terms of their sexual choices can be labelled as un-indian, unnatural and unwanted.
they may be banned.
it is said that some of the worst crimes against humanity have been committed in the name of altruism.
no wonder the bill allows surrogacy only for altruistic reasons.
to read the fine print of the bill is to be reminded of life in europe of the 1930s, where a genocidal political group had tried to create a uniform society by exterminating all those who failed to fit into its schemes.
kulbhushan jadhavnew delhi/islamabad: india is waiting for consular access to kulbhushan jadhav and a few other indians in pakistani custody, the foreign ministry said on monday as new delhi and islamabad exchanged lists of civilian prisoners and fishermen lodged in each other's jails.
lists of 250 civilian prisoners and 94 fishermen were handed over to pakistan, the ministry said.
a list of 54 pakistani civilians and 4 fishermen who have completed their sentences in india was also handed over and islamabad asked to speed up the confirmation of their nationality, it added.
it said the government had repeatedly emphasised the need for early release and repatriation of civilian prisoners and missing indian defence personnel, and of fishermen along with their boats.
we also await consular access to those indian nationals in pakistan's custody for whom it has so far not been provided, including kulbhushan jadhav and hamid nehal ansari, the ministry asserted.
pakistan handed over a list of 58 civilian prisoners and 399 fishermen in its custody who it said are indians or are believed to be indians.
india said a juvenile, hasnain, whose nationality was verified by pakistan, was repatriated on monday through the attari-wagah border.
he had inadvertently crossed over into india in may last year.
pakistan's foreign office too issued a media release on the exchange of lists and said that islamabad would release 146 fishermen on january 8.
the exchange of lists comes days after a meeting between jadhav, sentenced to death on spying and terror charges, and his family in islamabad sparked a verbal war.
pakistan patted itself on its humanitarian gesture while india accused it of violating mutual understanding and poor treatment of jadhav's wife and mother.
separatist gesturejammu and kashmir liberation front chief yasin malik has taken up the cause of indian prisoners, including jadhav, in pakistan in an open letter to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
his letter, released to the media on sunday, says malik was touched by sushma's december 28 speech in parliament about the harsh treatment meted out to jadhav's family in pakistan.
your words touched the chords of my heart and as a person who has seen the miseries of jail life, i could envisage the tribulation jadhav's wife and mother had to go through, the separatist leader has written.
malik has urged pakistan to honour the prisoners' right to mutual meetings and a fair trial (that) are well-established facts that need to be pursued in letter and spirit.
he has, however, added that india's record in the matter is not dazzling.
bhutan prime minister tshering tobgay new delhi, june 13: prime minister narendra modis choice of tiny bhutan for his first foreign trip is driven by a carefully crafted foreign policy thrust on reasserting indias primacy in its immediate neighbourhood, eroded by serial setbacks in recent years.
modis june 15 trip is a crucial link in a chain of initiatives that india is planning as a part of this push, several senior officials have independently told the telegraph.
the new thrust comes against a backdrop of concern within indias diplomatic establishment over serial blunders that have pushed bhutan and several other neighbours closer to beijing than ever before.
bhutan is one of our most important and strategic partners and is a very good country to show our policy of good neighbourliness in south asia, foreign secretary sujatha singh said today, responding to a question on modis choice of bhutan as his first foreign destination.
inviting the leaders of mauritius and regional grouping saarc, which india has dominated, to modis swearing-in last month was the first step in this new policy focus, the officials said.
soon after modi returns from bhutan, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will fly to dhaka on her first trip after taking charge.
she will meet prime minister sheikh hasina and the leader of the opposition, begum khaleda zia.
a modi visit to nepal is also on the anvil, a senior diplomat said.
inviting saarc leaders to the inauguration and picking bhutan for the pms first foreign visit are masterstrokes by the new government, retired envoy ranjit gupta, who has served in nepal, thailand and west asia, said.
and the foreign minister visiting bangladesh on her maiden foreign trip is a great move too.
although modi has showcased his desire to work with china, he remains aware of beijings growing clout in new delhis traditional zone of influence.
the new prime minister, an aide said, is prepared for the cat-and-mouse games india will need to engage in to regain lost influence without provoking china.
modi, the aide said, is also aware of the foreign policy errors that have ceded indian geopolitical space in the neighbourhood.
in multiple election campaign speeches, modi had referred to indias declining influence in south asia, using sri lanka and the maldives as his principal examples.
india voted twice against sri lanka at the united nations human rights council, and modis predecessor manmohan singh boycotted a key commonwealth meeting in sri lanka, nudging colombo closer to a beijing ready to invest in the island nation.
in the maldives too, indias failure to appear impartial between key political contenders led to male expelling top indian infrastructure firm gmr from a multi-crore airport contract, demonstrating its willingness to risk its relations with india.
china has overtaken india as the source of most tourists to the maldives, whose economy depends heavily on tourism.
coalition compulsions in bengal forced the manmohan singh government to put two key pacts with bangladesh on a swap of land enclaves and on the sharing of the teesta waters  on the backburner.
nepal kept requesting india for a prime ministerial visit  no indian prime minister has visited nepal for bilateral talks in 17 years  but singh could not make the trip in his 10 years in office.
and soon after the former prime minister of bhutan met his then chinese counterpart, india dramatically cut its oil subsidies to the mountain nation that keep bhutans economy afloat.
these subsidies were restored, but only after a change of government in bhutan.
india insists that the subsidy cut was unrelated to thimpus ties with china but few in bhutan believe new delhi.
modi, unlike his predecessor, has a clear mandate.
by inviting the saarc leaders, including pakistans nawaz sharif, to his inauguration, he has demonstrated that he is unwilling to allow domestic political pressures to derail his foreign policy plans, gupta said.
it is extremely important to engage with your closest neighbours in south asia, and not in a way that they fear you but in a way that they see you as the one they can turn to, gupta said.
by visiting bhutan first, the pm is saying, you may be a small country but you are important to us.
the idea is to convince them that you share a common vision for the region and are willing to work for it.
ironically, china itself offers one of the best examples of the challenges posed by tense neighbourly relations.
barring north korea, not one of chinas neighbours is on warm terms with beijing.
unless there is peace and stability with your neighbours, you will constantly face a drag on your resources, gupta said.
thats not a place where you want to be.
new delhi, oct.
26: nitin gadkari tonight offered to resign after the rss distanced itself from his business dealings, but the bjp stood by its president.
sources said party leaders who met at gadkaris residence feared his exit could give a handle to rivals on corruption ahead of the himachal and gujarat polls.
he himself offered to resign.
the partys unanimous opinion is that it stands solidly with nitin gadkari.
the speculation of his resignation is baseless, bjp spokesperson prakash javadekar said after the meeting attended by senior leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
sources said the view within the party was gadkaris ouster at this stage would give opponents in himachal and gujarat ammunition to target the bjp by alleging that not one but two of its presidents (the other being bangaru laxman) went down over corruption charges.
the other fear, the sources said, was such an exit might revive the leadership faultlines and renew factional fights before the polls over the next two months.
purti power and sugar, gadkaris company at the centre of the controversy, also issued a statement late this evening saying it wanted a fair investigation by the government.
the sangh, on the other hand, stressed that any individual or organisation indulging in any illegal activity must be subjected to an impartial probe and punished if found guilty.
bjp sources construed the assertion as not just an indictment of gadkari, but a message that he must not deploy his proximity to the rss, specifically to chief mohanrao bhagwat, to make a case for continuing in office.
bhagwats hand in gadkaris anointment and his effort to get him a second term by tweaking the bjp constitution  a move opposed by seniors l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi  were visible to the party.
gadkari, in turn, leveraged his comfort level with the rss chief to establish his hold over the bjp.
we are clear that we will not defend any shady deal, a sangh source said, making it clear that the issue of whether gadkari will serve out his remaining tenure and get a second term was purely in the bjps domain.
suresh bhaiyyaji joshi, the sangh general secretary, issued an official statement today referring to the allegations.
in the last few days, the media has been making allegations about certain irregularities in the corporate affairs of some political leaders.
these allegations have caused a lot of consternation in the general public.
we are deeply saddened by the efforts to drag the rsss name into these allegations and to cast aspersions on an organisation of sanghs stature.
joshi, the second in the hierarchy after bhagwat, said the sangh has nothing to do with any of these allegations.
in fact, it has been an article of faith with the rss that any individual or organisation indulging in any illegal activity must be subjected to an impartial probe and punished if found guilty.
uncharacteristically, sangh officials called up journalists and urged them to play up joshis statement and ensure no erroneous perceptions about the organisation persisted.
sources said gadkari was summoned by bhagwat to the rss headquarters last evening and told not to drag the rss chief into his defence.
it is learnt the bjp chief protested his innocence and submitted a long note answering the charges levelled against him.
various options have been discussed.
one is to bring in an interim bjp president until the organisational polls are over and the electoral colleges to elect the next chief are constituted.
the precedent is to appoint the senior-most vice-president, who in this case is former himachal pradesh chief minister shanta kumar.
but the overwhelming view is it is better to wait until december-january and install a president for three years.
gadkari could continue in the interregnum as a caretaker head.
he is likely to campaign in himachal tomorrow.
new delhi, aug.
14: parliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu hosted a belated raksha bandhan get-together for bjp mps today, formatted like an rss shakha with a boudhik (didactic) discourse by sangh leader suresh bhaiyya joshi.
nearly 300 of the partys 321 mps from both houses attended the event that began at 7.
30am at naidus home, sources said.
for an hour, they went through the regular shakha (training camp) rites, including tying a rakhi around the rss bhagwa dhwaj (saffron flag) and on each others wrists.
joshi, the sangh general secretary and second-in-command, emphasised that a person nurtured and moulded by the rss (narendra modi) was leading the country now and will lead the country for many more years.
the comments come days after rss chief mohan bhagwat underplayed the primacy of the personality cult in shaping the bjps fortunes, saying it was the people who had voted for the party.
prime minister modi was not present at the get-together that coincided with the last day of the parliament session, nor were arun jaitley and rajnath singh.
rajnath had been hospitalised with complaints of stomach pain last night and was discharged today.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj represented the government top brass.
joshis praise of modi appears significant for several reasons.
more than atal bihari vajpayee, the bjps first prime minister, the rss has considered modi as its own because of the long years he put in as a pracharak (whole-timer).
vajpayee was a swayamsevak (ordinary member).
in his speech today, joshi called on the mps  some of who had switched from other parties and were participating in a sangh programme for the first time  to introspect and seek answers on how far the rss had travelled since it was founded in 1925.
where have we reached?
a source quoted him as saying.
we have travelled a lot.
we worked towards creating social harmony and we faced all kinds of threats (the rss was thrice proscribed) but we are proud of what we have done for society.
joshi cited the example of the northeast.
he claimed that despite the myriad ethnic groups in the regions states, a recent tribal conference the rss convened in assam drew representatives from each denomination.
the rss leader then turned to the south and said despite the dravida movement  which was accused of refusing to recognise hindus as a homogenous religious community  the rss worked, survived and got results.
joshi alleged that in kerala, hundreds of swayamsevaks and pracharaks were jailed and murdered.
but their spirit was indomitable.
they worked for the consolidation of hindus.
the mps seemed to have come away enthused.
uttar pradesh lok sabha member jagdambika pal, who had crossed over from the congress just before this years elections, gushed: it was an excellent boudhik, inspirational, full of unity and national integration.
there was not even a hint of divisiveness in it.
in terms of realpolitik, though, host naidus conduct as parliamentary affairs minister evoked mixed response.
some of the mps believed he had not finessed his consensus-building approach with the congress and the rest of the opposition on the insurance bill.
a source said: a whiff of trouble, and a bjp leader tends to please the rss to try and insulate himself against action.
new delhi, july 29: india and the us are standing on either side of a speed bump called ukraine that is threatening to slow down an alliance both hope to reenergise with a visit this week by us secretary of state john kerry to new delhi.
neither side appears willing to shift positions on russias role in the conflict in ukraine as negotiators from the two allies try and hammer out a joint statement they can release after kerry meets indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on thursday.
indias implicit support for russia over the past year as moscow cleaved crimea away from ukraine has led influential congressmen in washington to question the potential of the indo-us strategic partnership at a time the us is locked in myriad disputes with its former cold war rival.
but new delhi is unwilling to concede on any statement critical of russia after kerrys meeting with sushmaswaraj and on friday with prime minister narendra modi, senior indian and us officials have confirmed to the telegraph.
it is an issue where we differ, and eventually, it may be best for both nations to try and ignore this area of difference, and focus on areas where we converge, an indian official said.
a us official conceded that circumventing the ukraine bump may eventually be the only option, but added that silence on the crisis would make it harder for american proponents of the india-us relationship to domestically push for patience on other, mostly economic, niggles.
those niggles include differences over indias nuclear liability law that american firms dub draconian and that has effectively stalled the implementation of the indo-us nuclear deal for the past two years.
the us has also blamed india for blocking a key trade pact at the world trade organization.
it will not be easy, the american official said.
not if the differences arent purely economic, but also strategic.
the us accuses russia of violating international law by annexing crimea and of supplying pro-moscow rebels in eastern ukraine with heavy weapons that it insists were used in the downing of malaysia airlines flight 17 earlier this month.
washington has imposed a series of economic sanctions against moscow.
but india has publicly  and repeatedly  opposed those sanctions, and former national security adviser shivshankar menon described russias interests in crimea as legitimate earlier this year.
india, officials said, does not want the crisis in ukraine to figure at all in the text of the joint statement that will be the lasting record of the outcome of talks between the american and indian delegations during kerrys visit.
weve indicated to india that it would be befitting both our relationship and indias growing stature in the world, to articulate its position on the crisis in the joint statement, the american official said.
the joint statement will be watched closely by moscow, a russian diplomat confirmed.
moscow is convinced washington is trying to lure the new modi administration away from indias traditional support for russia, and pull it closer to the us.
separately, china too will analyse the statement for any hint of criticism  either over the indo-china border differences or related to the tension between beijing and other east asian capitals over territorial disputes in the south china sea.
but ahead of modis scheduled visit to the us at the end of september, the joint statement and talks between kerry and sushmaswaraj will also be closely dissected in washington, where the indian prime minister may address the us congress.
new delhi has given russias aggression in crimea implicit approval and strongly opposed sanctions on moscow, calling moscows interests in crimea legitimate, steve chabot, the ohio republican chairman of the subcommittee on asia and the pacific of the us house of representatives told senior members of the obama administration last thursday at a hearing on what kerrys visit could hold for india-us ties under the new modi government.
can the us trust india to be a reliable partner on significant geopolitical challenges if, for example, we cant get indias support on this growing crisis?
and has the malaysian airliner shoot-down changed indias attitude at all in this particular area?
nisha desai biswal, assistant secretary of state for south and central asia replied to chabots questions saying the us had communicated to india our perspective, particularly with respect to russian aggression in the ukraine and the implications that that has.
our belief is that the more that were able to closely consult on these critical issues and challenges that we face around the world, that we hope that we can bring closer together our perspectives and align efforts as much as possible, biswal said at the hearing.
but chabot remained unconvinced.
i would consider myself to be very pro-india, but their attitude on this matter with respect to russia is very disappointing, to say the least, and i think a lot of other members would probably agree on that, chabot said.
addressing the 12th india-asean meeting in nay pyi taw a few days back, the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, rightly underlined that the asean-india strategic partnership owes its strength to the fact that our look east to asean meets your look west towards india.
swaraj has done well to reassure the region that the new indian government would like to stand with them, taking the trajectories of common interests higher in the coming years, both in terms of achievement and relevance to the bilateral asean+1 relationship and of the multilateral ambition at the regional and global levels.
this is important because there is a lot of concern in the region about the viability of new delhis role as regional balancer, a role that became a casualty of the policy paralysis in the previous government.
ironically, this happened at a time when the region has been passing through one of the most critical phases in its evolution.
this was evident, last week, when china dismissed a new proposal by the united states of america for a freeze on hostile actions that could heighten tensions in the disputed south china sea, leaving washington unable to overturn an impression that it can do little to back up allies at odds with beijing over the contested waters and islands.
the asean remains divided and has not been able to mount a credible challenge to china.
the asean member-states have largely supported american suggestions for an easing of tensions, including the start of negotiations for a binding regional code of conduct to govern activities involving conflicting claims.
but china has resisted, and progress on the code has been slow.
this has opened up crucial geopolitical space for india in the region.
in 2012, india and the ten-member association of south east asian nations marked their 20 years of partnership with a commemorative summit in new delhi.
the highlight of the summit was the conclusion of talks on free trade agreement on services and investment, which is expected to increase bilateral trade to $200 billion by 2022 and lead to talks on the regional comprehensive economic partnership which also includes australia, china, japan, south korea and new zealand.
as the then indian prime minister, manmohan singh, had underlined, together india and the asean states constitute a community of 1.
8 billion people, representing one-fourth of humanity, with a combined gdp of $3.
8 trillion and therefore it is only natural that india should attach the highest priority to its relationship with asean.
india was admitted as sectoral dialogue partner of the asean in 1992 and went on to become a full-fledged dialogue partner in 1996.
there has been a significant increase in india-asean trade from $42 billion in 2008 to $80 billion in 2011-12.
this trade relationship will get further boost with the two signing the fta on services and investment.
the fta on goods was signed in 2009 despite some significant opposition in india and, since its implementation in 2011, india has been keen on expanding trade in services in order to leverage its own strengths.
the relationship is now officially strategic with the two sides deciding to elevate their ties from a mere dialogue partnership.
despite its historical and cultural links with southeast asia, india, in its post-independence foreign policy, largely tended to ignore the region.
the structural constraints of the cold war proved too formidable despite indias geographic proximity to the southeast asian region.
it was the end of the cold war that really brought this region back to the forefront of indias foreign policy horizons.
and the then prime minister, p.v. narasimha rao, whose contributions are often ignored in indian foreign policy discourse, was visionary enough to recognize the importance of engaging with the worlds most economically dynamic region.
since then, indias look east policy, which originated primarily focused on trade and economics, has now attained a distinct security dimension.
as indias economic linkages with various countries in the region have become more extensive, demands have grown for a gradual strengthening of security ties at a time of chinas rapid ascendance in the global hierarchy.
china is clearly too big and too powerful to be ignored by the regional states.
but the states in chinas vicinity are now seeking to expand their strategic space by reaching out to other regional and global powers.
smaller states in the region are now looking to india to act as a balancer in view of chinas growing influence and a broader leadership vacuum in the region, while larger states see india as an attractive engine for regional growth.
to live up to its full potential and meet the regions expectations, india will have to do a more convincing job of emerging as a credible strategic partner of the region.
india, for its part, would not only like greater economic integration with the fastest growing region in the world but would also like to challenge china on its periphery.
but india will have to do much more to emerge as a serious player in the region.
after all, chinas trade with asean in 2012 was a whopping $400 billion and it remains far better integrated into the region.
the rupture in china-asean ties over the last two years has provided india with a key opening in the region to underline its credentials as a responsible regional stakeholder.
on the one hand, chinas aggressive pursuit of its territorial claims has aggravated regional tensions.
on the other, despite the obama administrations famous pivot towards the asia-pacific, there are doubts about the ability of washington to manage regional tensions effectively.
indias proximity to the region and its growing capabilities make it a natural partner of most states in southeast asia.
it is not without significance, that the vision document released at the 2012 summit talks of promoting maritime cooperation and strengthening cooperation to ensure maritime security and freedom of navigation, and safety of sea lanes of communication for unfettered movement of trade in accordance with international law.
new delhi has been reiterating its commitment to not only supporting freedom of navigation and right of passage but also access to resources in accordance with accepted principles of international law and practice.
delhi needs to assure the regional states of its reliability not only as an economic and political partner but also as a security provider.
as the balance of power in asia changes and as the very coherence of the asean comes under question, there will be new demands on india.
while the past 20 years in india-asean ties have been productive, the next 20 years are bound to be more challenging.
and india will have to think more creatively to enhance bilateral and multilateral ties in this rapidly evolving regional context.
the nalanda university, holding its first convocation on saturday, has officially adopted khadi for its academic robes.
president pranab mukherjee, who happens to be the varsity's visitor, will confer the degrees on students and also lay the foundation stone of the new campus on august 27.
the president, along with chief minister nitish kumar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, varsity chancellor george yeo and vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal, would attend the function all attired in khadi robes.
the university will award degrees to 12 students from the first batch.
the chancellor's gold medal will be awarded to shaashi ahlawat from the school of historical studies and sana salah from the school of ecology and environment studies.
the university's governing board member, lord meghnad desai, who is looking after the preparations of convocation, told reporters: the university wanted its academic dress to be broadly in line with internationally accepted guidelines on academic dress but also have a distinctively indian touch.
the university experimented with fabrics that are woven in and around nalanda and in bihar, and made a choice of trying to innovate with regalia made of khadi, the fabric at the heart of indian identity with multiple symbolism.
while opting for khadi for our regalia, nalanda university has become the first and the only indian university to have its entire academic regalia in the national fabric, desai added.
academic costume is a part of identity of every educational institution.
by going for use of khadi in its academic regalia, the institution wants to give an ethnic touch to it.
in the recent past, many educational institutions across the country have moved away from graduation ceremony caps and velvet gowns and replaced them with attire that has an indian essence.
even iit-patna, which hosted its convocation early this month, went for kurta and pyjama for male graduates, while girl students were asked to wear sari or salwar kurti.
while attending the iit-patna convocation in october 2013, chief minister nitish kumar had urged president pranab mukherjee to end the tradition of wearing gowns at convocation ceremonies of educational institutions.
nitish kumar had made the request at the second convocation of iit-patna, where the president along with then governor d.y. patil, faculty members and students of the institute were in traditional academic regalia.
the president, along with other dignitaries, will reach rajgir on saturday morning.
the function will be held at the upcoming campus.
university vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal said the academic procession will walk to the orchestral composition titled swagtam, literally meaning welcome, composed by veena maestro and composer late emani sankara sastry.
the administration will present a unique memento to the guests, including the president, the chief minister and the governor.
the memento is a replica of the compressed stabilised earth block, which is going to be used instead of bricks in building nalanda, and carries the nalanda logo.
unlike burnt brick, the nalanda brick is produced from soil compressed at high pressure and the embodied energy is almost half that of the burnt brick.
nalanda university lies 110km south of patna and presently runs from the makeshift campus on the premises of a health care and research unit near rajgir bus stand.
it started operations from september 1, 2014, over 800 years after the ancient seat of learning was destroyed.
beneath the ripples of public excitement run deep and powerful currents.
much of what is being said and being written about the supreme courts judgment regarding the appointment of the chief vigilance commissioner tends to ignore the deeper issues involved and their implications.
the telegraph would like to submit in all humility that this matter is the product of acts of omission on the part of the government and the judiciary.
it is clear that p.j. thomas was appointed the chief vigilance commissioner despite the objections raised by sushmaswaraj swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, who was a member of the high-powered committee responsible for making the appointment.
the government, by ignoring ms swarajs objections, turned its back on the principle of consensus.
it can be nobodys argument that consensus is a necessary condition for decision-making.
but at the same time it cannot be denied that consensus is a beneficial condition.
it helps to avoid controversy.
it is unfortunate that even after 60 years of democracy, the idea of seeking a consensus has not taken root in the indian polity.
democracy has become synonymous with majoritarianism.
this is a dangerous tendency.
all governments, especially the present one  because it is a coalition one and without an overwhelming majority in parliament  need to seek the path of consensus and eschew the temptation to impose their views all the time.
the apex court has been winning plaudits for quashing mr thomass appointment.
what needs to be noted is that the judgment seriously undermines the executives prerogative to make appointments of its own choice.
what papers and testimonials an appointment committee considers relevant for selecting a particular candidate is entirely the committees discretion.
there cannot be anything legal or illegal regarding this issue.
it is not as if mr thomas had been convicted in a court of law for breaking the law of the land.
he remains, like all citizens of india, innocent till he is proven guilty.
if the government erred by totally ignoring ms swarajs views, the supreme court, with the best possible intentions, has, somewhat gratuitously, made a show of its authority.
over time, the judiciary in india has emerged as an extraordinarily powerful institution.
it has exercised its power of judicial review and has even curtailed the authority of parliament to amend the constitution.
in certain areas it has functioned as an institution of governance and has taken over the supervision of executive agencies.
this expansion of the judiciarys role has been possible because of serious lapses of responsibility by the executive and the legislature.
but this is not altogether a healthy tendency in a democracy where the delicate balance among the judiciary, executive and legislature is critical for the proper functioning of the system.
new delhi, june 10: nepal's deputy prime minister kamal thapa today described relations with india as excellent and suggested that the neighbours had left behind the acrimony that just a month back saw kathmandu call back its ambassador and accuse new delhi of trying to stage a coup.
thapa, on his fifth visit to india in the last eight months, is the senior-most nepalese leader to visit new delhi since the withdrawal of ambassador deep kumar upadhyay in may amid allegations in kathmandu that he was conniving with india.
the deputy prime minister, who is also foreign minister, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the evening and will tomorrow serve as chief guest at the commencement ceremony for students of the south asian university.
i am very happy to inform you that at present, nepal-india relations are excellent, thapa told journalists at a media briefing here.
there were some misunderstandings but we have been able to resolve them.
thapa's visit represents the latest chapter in a see-saw diplomatic journey that india-nepal relations have traversed since last september, when the himalayan nation promulgated a new constitution that new delhi insisted was biased against the madhesi minority.
the nepalese leader today referred to his country's expectation then that india would be the first to welcome the new constitution.
india did not, and nepal blamed a subsequent blockade along their land border on new delhi, though the bigger neighbour rejected the charge.
then, india brokered a temporary compromise between kathmandu and madhesi protesters.
the nepal government under prime minister kp sharma oli agreed to amend some of the controversial provisions in the constitution, and the protesters called off their blockade - which had starved land-locked nepal of crucial supplies of medicines, food and fuel.
when oli visited india in march, he insisted he wanted to clear all misunderstandings.
but a month later, after he returned from a visit to china where nepal inked a transit pact that allows it to bypass india, oli again accused new delhi - this time of trying to destabilise his government.
on friday, thapa claimed oli had been misunderstood, and upadhyay was recalled only because the government felt its views could be articulated better by a new envoy.
upadhyay, a veteran leader of the nepali congress, had been appointed ambassador in 2014 when that party was in power in nepal.
it is now the principal opposition.
prime minister oli's words were misunderstood, thapa said.
and my ministry only sent a single line to ambassador upadhyay - to return - without levelling any allegations.
a relative of an indian worker kidnapped in iraq is comforted by sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi on thursday.
congress president sonia gandhi has written to prime minister narendra modi to ensure the safety of the abducted indians and secure their early release.
(reuters) new delhi, june 19: india is preparing for talks with the abductors of 40 indian construction workers in iraqs second-largest city mosul to get its nationals released after baghdad told new delhi it had discovered where the kidnapped men are being held.
former indian ambassador to iraq suresh reddy, who reached baghdad this morning, will lead negotiations for india once contact is established with the abductors, senior officials revealed.
we have been told by the foreign ministry of iraq that they have been able to determine the location where these abducted indian nationals are being held captive, external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin said.
akbaruddin refused to disclose the location shared by iraq amid fears that any move that may panic the abductors  militants with the islamic state of iraq and syria  could jeopardise the safety of the hostages.
but a senior indian official and an iraqi diplomat independently told this newspaper that baghdads intelligence suggested the indian workers were being held at a government building  described by one of them as a warehouse  on the outskirts of mosul.
both these officials and the iraqi red crescent  a part of the global red cross movement  which is leading the search for the kidnapped men cautioned, however, that any location can be confirmed only after they speak with the workers and their abductors.
this is a fluid situation, and this intelligence has been gathered in the midst of a civil war, the iraqi official said.
iraq has told india that the militants holding the indians are also holding a few turkish workers at the same location.
iraq, india and turkey are jointly working on their strategy to get the men released, officials said.
india has also been speaking with the us, russia, iran and israel for any intelligence inputs.
in particular, india has asked the us to take into account its citizens and their safety in any military attack it launches to tackle the isis, a sunni militant group that splintered from al qaida earlier this year.
in delhi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her officials offered distinct messages to their clearly different audiences as the narendra modi government grappled with its first foreign policy crisis.
asked about conversations that some of the kidnapped men have had with family members, in which they have reportedly told the relatives they were safe, the foreign ministry was sharp in its retort.
there is no safety in captivity, akbaruddin said, his hard message clearly targeted at  among others  terror groups and their sponsors.
safety is in being where you are welcome.
these are tricky times, where you need to keep family members updated and calm, yet appear strong and determined to the world you are negotiating with, a senior official said.
a total of about 10,000 indians are estimated to be in iraq, with just over 100 believed to be in the region between mosul and tikrit, close to baghdad, where the isis has seized control.
indian officials are worried that any fresh violence between the militants and the iraqi force near mosul, and even hints of american aerial attacks could jeopardise attempts to rescue the workers.
the abductors have not sought any ransom nor made any other demand yet in exchange for releasing the indian workers.
but fear for their own safety may make the abductors shift their location, indian officials said.
the militants may in fact already have shifted their location twice since they captured the indian and turkish nationals, officials said.
im really sorry, but no one can be absolutely sure where the abductors and the indian workers are right now, yaseen ahmad abbas, the president of iraqs red crescent society, told the telegraph over phone from baghdad.
however, patience is essential.
silchar, july 26: a 26-year-old youth of this town today filed a case before the chief judicial magistrate, accusing a person of trying to send him to join the islamic state (is) in syria.
afaz uddin laskar, a resident of berenga, in his complaint mentioned that maqbul hussain choudhury, imam of a mosque here, sent him to saudi arabia with the promise of a driver's job.
laskar, son of jamal uddin, headmaster of rabidaspara mv school at berenga, said choudhury offered him the job a few months back and told him that he would earn in lakhs.
when he agreed to the proposal, he was asked to pay rs 1 lakh to choudhury for visa.
i paid him rs 90,000 in cash after a negotiation and then went to mumbai, laskar said.
he said he was received by some people, who were allegedly close to choudhury.
he added that his flight from mumbai was on may 4 and he landed at ta'if airport in saudi arabia the next day.
i was given a mobile number of a saudi citizen by the aides of choudhury whom i met in mumbai.
accordingly, i called that number after i landed in ta'if from a telephone booth.
after sometime, a car came to the airport terminal and took me to that person and i was asked to stay in a garage, he added.
the name of the saudi citizen was huda binti mohid aatiya and he asked me to drive a 22-wheeler vehicle.
i had never driven any heavy vehicle and thus i refused the offer, laskar said.
the youth said he was then taken to another person named ibadur, who happens to be a resident of karimganj district and has been living there for the past many years.
my dream started to shatter after i met ibadur, who took me to a room and locked up me there.
he used to lock me up in the room from outside early morning and used to come back at 10am.
ibadur asked me to join the is in syria and told that the militant group would send rs 50,000 per month to my family, laskar said.
laskar did not have any local sim card and thus was unable to call his family.
later, he told the entire episode to his brother via whatsapp as the building in which he was locked had wifi.
the family members later approached silchar mp sushmita dev, who took up the matter with union home minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
with the intervention of the external affairs ministry, he came back to silchar on july 19.
the court will record his statement tomorrow.
new delhi, july 29: shahnawaz hussains id lunch and an open house at najma heptullahs residence were the only interludes some of narendra modis ministers allowed themselves on a working holiday today.
the prime minister skipped even that and wished hussain, a bjp spokesperson, and heptullah, the minorities affairs minister, over the phone.
although id is a central government holiday, modi summoned senior ministers arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj to his office to discuss his forthcoming us visit and secretary of state john kerrys trip to india beginning tomorrow.
m.
venkaiah naidu, the urban development minister, concluded a two-day brainstorming session on a concept paper related to modis plan for 100 smart cities.
law and justice minister ravi shankar prasad said he would be in office.
an aide of home minister rajnath singh said his boss would work out of home.
barring modi, the others  jaitley, rajnath, prasad, naidu and environment minister prakash javadekar among them  made it a point to attend the lunch hosted by hussain.
the bihar leader was carrying on a legacy.
as minister in the atal bihari vajpayee regime, he had been asked by the then prime minister to hold the governments official iftars.
but hussain continued hosting the id events even after the bjp was voted out in 2004.
hussains iftars were a big draw for the opposition.
indeed, upa leaders manmohan singh, sharad pawar and lalu prasad rarely missed the party.
sources attributed the eclectic representation largely to hussains genial personality and partly to the fact that he was then among a handful of bjp muslim mps.
this ramazan is the first time hussain did not have an official iftar.
a signal from the top?
modi, too, did not host one.
a source close to hussain claimed he was preoccupied with the forthcoming bihar bypolls and opted for a low-key luncheon instead on id.
some of hussains guests, like jaitley, had back-to-back treats.
the finance and defence minister later headed to najmas home where she laid out a spread of chaats.
meat kebabs and korma, usually served on id, were missing from najmas table.
food seemed far from the mind of modi, whose other engagements included a meeting with mitsubishi ceo kew kobayashi and an address at the indian council of agricultural research.
new delhi, july 14: the bjp today sounded ambiguous on whether prime minister narendra modi had designated a second-in-command to officiate in his absence.
as the corridors of parliament swirled with speculation that home minister rajnath singh was asked by modi to function as his no.
2 while he was away in brazil for the brics summit, nobody from the government or the bjp confirmed the rumour.
i&b minister prakash javadekar, who briefed the media, said: there is a prime minister, there is a home minister, there is a finance and defence minister.
but he kept quiet when asked if that set out the cabinet hierarchy.
on saturday, a highly placed political source in the government, who was asked if modi had appointed somebody to officiate in his absence, had said: no, nothing of that sort has happened.
modi left on sunday morning.
when government sources were quizzed on whether the union cabinet would hold its scheduled weekly wednesday meeting and who would preside  modi is scheduled to return on thursday  they said there would be no meeting.
in modis absence, parliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu will preside over the meeting of the bjps parliamentary party executive committee that is chaired by the prime minister.
the panel, set up on saturday, has two deputy leaders, arun jaitley (rajya sabha) and rajnath (lok sabha), and naidu as the governments chief whip.
however, government sources clarified that the panel was set up as an internal party mechanism.
jaitley, they said, will be the leader of the rajya sabha and modi, the leader of the lok sabha.
the move signifies the departure of l.k. advani and sushmaswaraj swaraj, the former opposition leader in the lower house, from the bjps parliamentary structures.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the sco council of foreign ministers in bishkek, kyrgyzstan on wednesday, may 22, 2019.
(pti)external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi met briefly on the sidelines of the shanghai corporation organisation (sco) meeting in bishkek, kyrgyzstan, on wednesday, but the two sides differed on the nature of the engagement.
indian external affairs ministry sources insisted that there was no meeting, only exchange of pleasantries in the lounge where others were also present.
however, the associated press of pakistan (app) called it an informal dialogue and quoted qureshi as stating that sushmaswaraj had brought sweets to the meeting.
today (i) met sushmaji.
she had a complaint that we sometimes talk in a bitter manner.
she brought sweets today so we could also speak sweetly, qureshi said.
according to the app report, qureshi also said: we made it clear to her that we want all the matters resolved through dialogue, and that prime minister imran khan had said in his very first speech that if india takes one step forward, we would take two steps forward.
even today we are ready for a dialogue.
this is the first time the two ministers are engaging with each other, however briefly, after qureshi became pakistans foreign minister last summer.
the two leaders were initially slated to meet on the sidelines of the united nations general assembly last september but india called off that meeting at the eleventh hour.
their paths did cross in new york then at the saarc foreign ministers meeting but no words were exchanged.
as for photographs that emerged of the two ministers sitting side by side in a conference room-like arrangement on wednesday at bishkek, mea sources clarified that this was not of the sco conference but from the call-on on the kyrgyz president.
the immediate impact of 22 arab foreign ministers gathering in new delhi will be to blunt an incipient campaign within the organisation of islamic cooperation on kashmir and silence murmurs within the oic on intolerance and treatment of muslims in india.
ptiprime minister narendra modi will host the mother of all diplomatic gatherings of his 56-month tenure in new delhi on february 1, even as he gets ready to throw himself wholeheartedly into campaigning for the 2019 general elections after this meeting.
foreign ministers of the 22-nation arab league will arrive in new delhi the previous day to show their collective solidarity with india, bringing to fruition modis nearly five-year-long, pragmatic and business-focused approach to arab and muslim countries.
incrementally, such a business-oriented approach has seen about $6 billion of investment flow into india from the united arab emirates  with more in the pipeline  and the foundations of a new strategic relationship with saudi arabia.
meanwhile, india has resisted its past non-aligned propensity to play good samaritan in regional disputes such as between qatar and its neighbours.
it has creditably struck a balance on global challenges impinging on west asia, including disputes involving iran.
the immediate impact of 22 arab foreign ministers gathering in new delhi will be to blunt an incipient campaign within the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) on kashmir and silence murmurs within the oic on intolerance and treatment of muslims in india.
the jeddah-based oic with a membership of 57 countries has been a constant thorn in indias flesh with successive governments in new delhi at a loss on how to counter its stream of anti-india diatribes, mainly inspired by pakistan.
with nearly half of the oics members  and these include several heavyweights within the jeddah-based organisation  gathering in new delhi in a show of camaraderie with india, an unmistakable message will go out that the oics campaigns against india lack credibility and constitute inspired propaganda.
the february meeting will conclusively demonstrate that for key members of the oic, represented in new delhi by the arab league foreign ministers, it is business as usual with india.
another consequence of an arab league foreign ministers meeting in new delhi will be to show that indias deep engagement of israel is not a zero sum game.
the perception has grown not only within india, but also abroad that the present indian leadership has stars in its eyes when it gazes at israel.
this perception was reinforced when pranab mukherjee as president and modi as prime minister visited israel in quick succession, much having been made of the fact that modi was the first indian head to government ever to visit israel.
reuven rivlin, as israels president, returned mukherjees visit within a year and prime minister benjamin netanyahu came calling on modi within a shorter gap of seven months.
privately, several arab ambassadors in new delhi have shared with opposition leaders their assessment that the ruling bjp is gullible in its understanding of israeli designs on india and that this may cause disequilibrium in regional diplomacy where indias interests in the arab world are vital.
facts do not bear out such a claim.
symbolic gestures such as high-level visits by modi and mukherjee to palestine to complement similar visits to israel are not the only reason to dispute such arab claims.
last year, modi surprised the world  and domestic critics of his west asia policy  when his bjp-led government announced a whopping four-fold increase in indias annual assistance to the united nations relief and works agency for palestine refugees (unrwa).
this came at a time when india was pruning aid to some other regions as part of streamlining the countrys development assistance.
more significantly, the increase came at a time when israel has been lobbying world capitals to reduce or completely stop contributions to unwra despite the organisations very creditable relief work among palestinian refugees.
several countries succumbed to israeli pressure, including canada under its former prime minister stephen harper and, of course, americas president donald trump.
but not india.
modi chose to increase the contribution to unrwa.
in addition to meeting their indian counterparts, arab league foreign ministers will hold a meeting of their own in new delhi.
this will be a historic break with the leagues practices and even the spirit of its charter.
such an assembly of key practitioners of foreign policy in the whole arab world on indian soil will be a diplomatic high point of unwavering efforts by the modi government to chart a new course in engaging west asia and the core of global islam.
the arab leagues meetings are almost always held in arab countries, with rare exceptions at global platforms like the united nations in new york or geneva.
there is no precedent in indian diplomacy of more than a score of foreign ministers from an organization of which india is not a member holding any meeting on indian soil.
three years ago, modi hosted an india-africa forum summit in new delhi, which was attended by 51 presidents, prime ministers and kings, but india was the pivot of that meeting.
the planned arab league meeting, however, will be unusual because india is only an observer in the league.
full membership of the arab league is restricted to countries which are ethnically arab and falling within the geographical description of arabia.
within months of assuming office, the present national democratic alliance (nda) government launched initiatives to deepen interaction with pan-arab organisations.
public obsession with pakistan, china and the united states of america, however, obscured these productive initiatives.
they resulted in a structured meeting of senior officials of india and the arab league for the first time in new delhi only six months after the nda government came to power.
this was quickly followed by an india-arab cultural festival in algiers and an india-arab business partnership conference in new delhi at the end of 2014.
in july this year, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj travelled to bahrain to meet arab league foreign ministers at the first meeting of an india-arab league cooperation forum, a joint ministerial platform, as a follow-up to the senior officials meeting.
it was at the july meeting that the idea of the mother of diplomatic gatherings at the fag end of modis current tenure took shape.
mamata and modi greet each other at the rashtrapati bhavan banquet on friday.
(pti) the two leaders at the banquet mamata and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj share a light moment at rashtrapati bhavan (pti) new delhi, dec.
19: delhi was today a picture of gloom, enveloped by fog and smog, but mamata banerjee looked happy, her angst against the narendra modi government not seen or heard.
after an informal interaction with journalists at banga bhavan, the chief minister did a surprise check of the facilities on the premises.
after taking a look at the suites meant for the chief minister and the governor, she knocked on the door of another room and headed straight for the toilet.
 balti, mog sob change karo (change all the buckets and mugs), she directed officials, finding the items old and dirty.
she said she today received complaints from guests about room service and the lack of some facilities.
improve room service.
people are willing to pay more if the facilities are good, mamata said before returning for a chat with journalists over tea, fish fry, chicken tikka and sweets.
there was no trace of the anger against the modi government that she showed yesterday on the parliament premises.
the cbi is being used as a political tool to bulldoze my government, she had said yesterday.
today, she did not even mention the central agency, which is probing the saradha scam.
she seemed to have softened her stand on the proposed goods and services tax (gst).
a day after asking her mps to protest against the centre's proposed tax reforms, including the gst, mamata said: i have no problem with the gst if the states are properly compensated.
sources noticed a marked change in mamata's body language after visiting president pranab mukherjee in hospital last evening.
after presenting a bouquet of yellow roses to the president, mamata went to mp mukul roy's 181 south avenue address in lutyen's delhi.
she emerged this afternoon.
after visiting banga bhavan, she went to rashtrapati bhavan to attend the banquet for bangladesh president abdul hamid, where she met modi.
sources said mamata had planned to leave for calcutta today but decided to stay back after meeting president mukherjee.
although technically mamata's stand on the gst has not changed, there was a marked difference in her political approach.
while yesterday, she had appeared to be opening another window of confrontation with the centre, today she seemed keen to sort out the issue in bengal's interests.
trinamul mps, who had been protesting inside and outside parliament for the past few days, refrained from doing so today.
so keen was mamata to articulate her stand on the gst that she called up bengal finance minister amit mitra during the chat with journalists.
i am not a financial person, i don't understand the economy, she said before putting her phone on speaker mode so that mitra could explain to the journalists bengal's stand on the tax.
as all journalists could not hear what mitra was saying, mamata asked for a mike.
she held the cordless mike near the phone and mitra's voice boomed out of loudspeaker boxes.
we regularly see tv reporters giving phonos (speaking to the presenter over the phone) but this is perhaps the first time a minister is giving a phono, said a journalist, bringing a smile to the chief minister's face.
after mitra finished speaking, mamata iterated that she was not opposed to the gst, provided the rights of the state were not trampled, and that it had been articulated in the trinamul manifesto for the lok sabha polls this year.
naqvi and sushmanew delhi, july 29: junior parliamentary affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi was forced to retract a disparaging reference to the congress in the rajya sabha today, taking the tally of such withdrawals by union ministers to three - two of them in the past 24 hours.
several opposition parties had protested after naqvi hurled the charge of hatasha (frustration) against the congress.
initially, the minister refused to take his words back, saying he had merely repeated a word used by the opposition, but was eventually persuaded after a brief adjournment of proceedings.
the spat came during a zero hour reference by the opposition to the government's failure to generate employment and the resultant frustration among the youth.
naqvi retorted that the nation's hopes had lifted with the arrival of prime minister narendra modi.
if there is any frustration, it is in the congress, he said, drawing a picketing of the well.
a few hours earlier, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had had to eat her words.
on learning of mahasweta devi's death, she had tweeted: her two great writings pratham pratishruti and bakul katha left a lasting impression on my life.
my respectful homage to mahashweta deviji.
the problem was that both books had been written by another bengali novelist, ashapoorna devi.
sushma had enough people correcting her.
the tweet was withdrawn.
on wednesday, the commerce ministry and junior commerce minister nirmala sitharaman had had to step in after the official twitter handle of start-up india re-tweeted a call for a purge of pro-pakistan presstitutes.
the tweet was withdrawn and the minister had to do a substantial bit of fire-fighting.
sushma tweeted: rahulji - advani ji is our father figure.
your words have hurt us deeply.
please try to maintain some decorum of your speech.
telegraph file photoforeign minister and senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj today said rahul gandhi's words about the party's treatment towards l.k. advani has hurt us deeply.
rahul had accused narendra modi of humiliating advani and told a rally in maharashtra: bjp talks of hinduism.
in hinduism, guru is supreme.
it talks of guru-shishya tradition.
who is modi's guru?
advani.
joota maar ke stage se utara (advani was kicked out from stage).
sushma, in a reply to this comment, tweeted: rahulji - advani ji is our father figure.
your words have hurt us deeply.
please try to maintain some decorum of your speech.
rahul's comment on modi's relations with advani came a day after the bjp senior wrote in a blog: right from its inception, the bjp has never regarded those who disagree with us politically as our 'enemies', but only as our adversaries.
similarly, in our conception of indian nationalism, we have never regarded those who disagree with us politically as 'anti-national'.
this comment was widely seen as advani's criticism of modi and bjp president amit shah, under whose duopoly party leaders have resorted to calling ideological adversaries anti-national in tv debates and political speeches.
the bjp has already made it clear that advani will not contest this election.
the bjp face for gandhinagar, which was advani's constituency, is shah.
new delhi, july 31: every state in india will build detention centres for illegal immigrants from bangladesh, the narendra modi government has decided in consultation with states.
by pushing the idea, the bjp-led government has revived a 2005 action plan for detection and deportation of illegal bangladeshi immigrants.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had brought up the issue of illegal migration during her recent visit to dhaka.
we had a meeting this month with state government officials and it was agreed that every state should have a detention centre, a senior home ministry official said today.
the states will spend (money) on setting up the centres, the official added.
detention centres are arrangements made by states to house illegal migrants arrested and jailed under the foreigners act for illegally entering india.
when an illegal migrant completes his or her sentence, there is usually a time gap till the person is deported.
these centres have basic facilities and are not like a jail.
delhi has two detention centres while assam, known to have a high incidence of illegal migration from bangladesh, has three.
bengal has at least one, sources here said, though the central government does not maintain statistics, either on such centres in states or on deportations by state governments.
only a handful of states have detention centres and now we want all the states to have at least one such centre, said an official.
this months meeting at the ministry of home affairs was limited to discussions on setting up the detention centres.
sushma swaraj declared on tuesday that she had made up her mind not to contest the 2019 general election, leaving many in the party wondering if there was a political meaning to the external affairs ministers announcement in the middle of the madhya pradesh poll campaign.
sushma, 66, a seven-term lok sabha mp from rural vidisha in madhya pradesh, made the announcement in indore where she had gone to campaign for the november 28 assembly election.
the senior minister underlined that her decision was taken on health grounds and that she had already informed the party.
she did not clarify whether she would opt for a rajya sabha berth or had decided to give up politics.
later, at night, sushmaswaraj tweeted: i am not retiring from politics.
it is just that i am not contesting the next lok sabha election due to my health issues.
the disclosure, however, embarrassed the bjp with many terming it totally unnecessary in the middle of a difficult assembly election in madhya pradesh.
party leaders in delhi wondered why sushmaswaraj had chosen to speak now, almost six months ahead of the general election.
internally, people in the party were aware that sushmaji and some other senior leaders may not contest the next election.
but what was the need for her to disclose it now?
one bjp leader wondered, fearing a negative impact on the madhya pradesh polls.
since she (sushma) is a lok sabha mp from madhya pradesh, the disclosure not to contest doesnt send an encouraging message among the voters.
it was totally unnecessary, the leader added.
at the news conference, sushmaswaraj praised chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and expressed confidence that he would retain the state.
the bjp is believed to be facing a tough fight in madhya pradesh to retain power because of anti-incumbency after three terms in office.
elections are being held in three bjp-ruled states  madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
the outcome of these polls is expected to impact the 2019 lok sabha elections.
if the bjp loses, the narendra modi-amit shah duos sheen of invincibility would be threatened.
party managers in delhi tried to play down sushmas announcement, arguing that not contesting the 2019 polls does not mean she is hanging up her boots.
there is no conspiracy theory.
her health condition is genuinely bad and the party will reward her with a rajya sabha nomination, a senior leader claimed.
asked whether she would be made a minister again if the bjp under modi returns to power in 2019, the leader said: why not?
sushma underwent a kidney transplant in 2016.
known for her oratorical skills, she has hardly been seen campaigning in these polls.
at the news conference, she said doctors had advised her to keep off dust.
but many in the party believe that sushmas absence from the campaign has more to do with the dominance of the modi-shah duo, seen as the only faces of the party.
political meanings were attached to sushmas announcement not to contest, given her past position.
sushma is known to be close to bjp veteran l.k. advani, who stands totally sidelined since modi took over in 2014.
advani had opposed the selection of modi as the partys prime ministerial face before the 2014 general election.
then, sushmaswaraj was believed to be firmly with advanis position.
party sources felt sushmaswaraj was then herself hoping to be the prime ministerial face of the party.
in the previous lok sabha, she had been the leader of the opposition and given her oratorical skills she felt she deserved to be the partys candidate for prime minister.
sushma, however, chose peace with modi after the party swept to power under his leadership.
she was rewarded with the important external affairs ministry.
but over time, she came to be known as twitter minister, appearing active only on social media with secondary affairs of her ministry while prime minister modi stole the limelight, chartering foreign policy decisions and travelling the world.
old timers in the party felt sushmas decision might have been driven by the way many senior leaders have been pushed to the margins under modi and shah.
one leader pointed out that they repeatedly hear talk that seniors such as advani and murli manohar joshi would not be offered party tickets in 2019 and would be asked to retire.
in such an atmosphere, sushmaswaraj may have decided to opt out on her own before she is asked to do so.
this could be her way of protesting against the take-over of both, party and government, by modi-shah, one leader said, hoping that soon some other seniors would announce their decisions not to contest in 2019 follow suit.
amit shah being welcomed at the kozhikode airport on thursday.
(pti) kozhikode, sept.
22: the government's unified political command will relocate from delhi to kozhikode, kerala, for two days from september 24 to pilot and participate in the bjp's national council meeting.
three members of the centre's cabinet committee on security (ccs) - rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley - will fly in on friday to be part of a one-day national executive session.
the other two members on the panel - whose role is critical in times of augmented tensions on the border and a state of high alert across the country - will arrive in kozhikode on saturday morning.
prime minister narendra modi will be in time that day to first attend a meeting of the national office-bearers, including the parliamentary board representatives and national and state officials, and then address a public meeting on kozhikode beach, with defence minister manohar parrikar in tow.
modi and the senior leaders will put up at the tony raviz resort and spa on the banks of the chaliyar river at kozhikode's kadavu, approximately 15km from the city centre.
sushma, the external affairs minister, will probably leave on saturday night or early sunday morning to be in time for the un general assembly session where she is scheduled to speak on monday.
amid an all-morning buzz around parrikar being asked to stay put in the national capital, bjp sources engaged in the arrangements here clarified that he would be part of the kozhikode proceedings.
at the national council venue that retains its original name, swapna nagari (city of dreams), the organisers were spotted paying as much attention to outfitting a makeshift prime minister's office abutting the place of the meeting as the convention hall itself.
bjp sources described the efforts to put together an elaborate office as something routine that is done during every outstation trip the pm makes.
but an organiser said he had been directed to pay close attention to the details of the workstations being set up for the prime minister's secretariat officials.
the sprawling space for the pmo has enclosures for parrikar and the ccs members.
special access has been built for modi and his security staff from the convention hall to the pmo that nobody else will be allowed to use.
bjp sources said a similar office space was created for the pmo at allahabad where the bjp's national executive had met in june.
i don't understand why this makeshift pmo has grabbed attention.
when atalji (atal bihari vajpayee) was the prime minister, i myself had set up six such places whenever he addressed a meeting in tamil nadu, said h. raja, the bjp's national secretary from tamil nadu who is an associate minder for kerala.
in allahabad last june, a small space had been carved out at the venue and cordoned off for the pmo officers accompanying modi.
but bjp members who were tasked to record minutes of the national executive meeting shared the space.
in kozhikode, it was unclear if the pmo would share its territory with the bjp, given that much of the information travelling to and fro would be highly sensitive.
bjp president amit shah, who landed here this morning, got down to politics.
he visited two temples, both dedicated to shiva.
in one of them, sri kandeshwara, shiva's idol had been installed by sri narayana guru, an iconic leader of the ezhavas.
the bjp had tried hard to court the backward community before the last kerala polls.
it sewed up an alliance with the bharatiya dharma jana sena, an outfit representing the community.
new delhi, sept.
10: china and south korea have offered india nuclear reactors on its terms at a time new delhi remains locked in differences with the us and france over its controversial nuclear liability law that could shadow prime minister narendra modis forthcoming visit to washington.
beijing has told new delhi it is willing to sell its reactors without seeking any amendment to indias liability law and president xi jinping is likely to repeat the offer when he arrives here next week, senior indian and chinese officials have confirmed.
south korea had first made its offer earlier this year, and has repeated it at least thrice.
india is not inking any agreement now on purchasing reactors from china or south korea because its negotiators are already stretched struggling to convince the us to accept the liability law, and fixing a price for reactors with the french.
but india is also not turning down the offers that bolster its bargaining leverage at a time the complexities of nuclear economics, coupled with domestic politics, are holding back the implementation of landmark deals new delhi struck with washington and paris in 2008.
were not taking up the offers right now, but if there is no progress in our talks with washington in particular, then we will reach a stage where we cannot wait any longer, an indian official familiar with the new offers said.
then, we are ready to explore these other options.
in 2008, india inked nuclear pacts with the us, france and russia that allowed it unique access to international nuclear trade without signing non-proliferation agreements.
but just two years later, in 2010, the indian parliament passed the civil nuclear liability law that  in a departure from international norms  allowed a reactors operator to potentially claim unlimited liability from suppliers in the event of an accident under a recourse clause.
indian law allows only the government-owned nuclear power corporation of india ltd (npcil) to operate reactors  and the liability legislation effectively meant the government could ask companies supplying it reactors to pay out any amount of accident compensation.
the us, france and russia asked india to amend its liability law, but both the manmohan singh government and the current modi administration have refused.
after four years of negotiations, india and russia reached a breakthrough agreement earlier this year, finding a neat solution that deftly overrides the liability laws troublesome clauses that france  and the latest vendors, china and south korea  have agreed to accept.
with russia, india had a demand in exchange  the details of the agreement must remain a secret.
but the same solution is virtually impossible to implement with american nuclear vendors like ge and westinghouse, not just because they are private firms  but more crucially because their holding companies are entities whose shares are publicly traded.
talks on expediting a solution on nuclear liability will definitely figure when modi meets obama, an american official said this week.
the offer from china and south korea will allow modi just that extra bargaining chip in washington.
new delhi.
march 16: india today gently nudged nepal to talk with madhesi protesters amid a fresh crisis in the himalayan country, but the narendra modi government is desperate to avoid a repeat of the 2015 showdown with kathmandu that created an unparalleled regional opening for china.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's prod to nepal's deputy prime minister and home minister bilamendra nidhi came today in her first meeting with a visiting dignitary since mid-october, when myanmar's state councillor was in new delhi.
but both in the meeting and in public, the foreign office tried to demonstrate faith in the government of pushpa kamal dahal prachanda in kathmandu, and refused to criticise nepal for what madhesi groups are calling a betrayal.
the madhesi morcha, a group of the community's parties that was supporting prachanda, has withdrawn support from the nepal government, and three protesters have died in police firing over the past week.
the community is demanding that the nepal government carry out key promised amendments to a controversial new constitution before holding local polls due in may.
but india is wary of any public projection of criticism of the nepal government at this stage, senior officials confirmed to the telegraph.
the promulgation of the constitution in august 2015 despite opposition from madhesi groups - and suggestions from india that nepal settle internal differences before pushing through the new law - sparked the worst diplomatic confrontation between the neighbours in decades.
landlocked nepal accused india of imposing a blockade along their border to starve the country into submission -- a charge new delhi rejected.
but by the time tensions subsided in early 2016 and prachanda replaced k.p. sharma oli, india's grip over nepal's maritime trade and fuel had cracked - kathmandu inked a pact with beijing for access to the sea, and began importing oil from its northern neighbour.
peace and stability in nepal is of paramount importance to us, foreign ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said today.
it has been our consistent view that the political leaders in nepal address the constitutional issues through dialogue and consultations with participation of every section of its society.
officials insisted india remained committed to the rights of madhesis, who dominate nepal's plains and have familial ties with millions of families in uttar pradesh and bihar.
but they conceded concerns that the approach the modi government adopted in 2015 not only failed in deterring nepal from adopting the new constitution, but also pushed kathmandu closer to beijing.
china's defence minister chang wanquan is visiting nepal this week, and the two countries held military exercises in february.
india also cannot afford to alienate the maoist prachanda so soon after its rift with the communist oli, as it would leave new delhi without a friend in the leadership of two of nepal's three major parties, officials said.
in 2015, foreign secretary s. jaishankar had flown to kathmandu for talks with nepal's political leadership - across major parties - on the eve of the promulgation of the new constitution, to dissuade them from rushing ahead.
instead, jaishankar suggested, nepal's peace and stability may be better preserved if its major political parties tried addressing madhesi concerns - the community considers the new constitution discriminatory - before the promulgation.
but nepal adopted the constitution amid violent protests that claimed the lives of dozens, and oli, who came to power as a part of a compromise deal soon after, accused india of trying to interfere in his country's internal affairs.
madhesi protesters began a blockade that eventually lasted four months, hurting nepal's supplies of fuel, food and medicines.
the neighbours traded charges almost daily, and the then government of oli in kathmandu accused its envoy in new delhi, deep upadhyay, of conniving with india.
the eventual thaw, in the spring of 2016, led to a visit to india by oli, an end to the blockade and some constitutional amendments demanded by the madhesis.
prachanda came to power - oli accused india of engineering his ouster - and upadhyay returned to new delhi as envoy.
but by then, china had pipped india in its aid to nepal.
china is building a railroad across the himalayas into nepal.
kathmandu has made clear it will no longer rely solely on new delhi for access to the sea.
sushma swaraj in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti) new delhi, may 31: students from 40 african nations called off today's scheduled street protest against serial attacks on africans in delhi after last-minute interventions by the envoys from their countries, the delhi police chief and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
but the students have signalled an uneasy peace, warning they would return to the streets if they feel the indian government and police aren't keeping the assurances made to them.
the students made it clear they were calling off the protest only because of pressure from the indian government and their own diplomats, who have urged them to instead hold the narendra modi administration accountable to its commitments.
brothers and sisters, it is painful for us to accept this proposal, abdou brahim, president of the association of african students in india that had planned the protest, said in a written statement.
we will hold the government of india accountable if a repeat of this incident happens again.
mobs serially beat up more than a dozen africans in a south delhi village last week, days after a young congolese man was bludgeoned to death on a city street.
the students' decision to withdraw the street protest was taken after the foreign minister, ill since late april, promised to meet them.
sushma appeared before cameras for the first time in a month as she met 20 african students and two diplomats at the ministry office this afternoon.
at the meeting, sushmaswaraj listed a series of steps she said the government would take to avoid a repeat of the attack on the congolese student-cum-teacher, masonda ketanda olivier.
junior foreign minister v.k. singh and secretary (economic relations) amar sinha, who handles ties with africa, will visit key metros and discuss sensitisation programmes with local police and communities where significant african populations live, she said.
she cited a meeting singh had held yesterday with community members in chattarpur, where africans were thrashed last week.
it would be a traumatic experience.
but sushmaswaraj stuck to the government's script in refusing to call the attack on olivier a racially motivated one.
she referred to closed-circuit television footage that suggests some local indians helped the congolese after he was attacked.
india is the land of gandhi and buddha.
we have fought consistently against racial discrimination.
mahatma gandhi himself championed the cause of fighting against this evil.
we can never have a racist mindset.
but multiple african students who attended the meeting with sushmaswaraj said they disagreed with her description of the attack as not racist.
they added they had been asked not to speak to reporters.
i don't agree with her description that the attack was not racist, ola jason, a nigerian student and professional actor who attended the meeting, told the telegraph.
but i have been told not to disclose details of the meeting.
sushma's meeting with the students capped 24 hours of frantic diplomatic efforts by the modi government to try and stop today's protest.
a street protest by hundreds of african students while the vice-president is visiting the continent - ahead of scheduled visits by the prime minister and the president - would have spelled a public relations disaster.
the foreign office sent a senior diplomat to the airport yesterday to meet olivier's cousins, visiting to take back his body.
the government announced it would pay the airfare.
the official again met olivier's cousins later in the afternoon yesterday.
then, junior minister singh met members of the local chattarpur community to ask them to ensure no attacks are repeated on africans living there, while also advising them to approach the police if they had complaints against the students.
late last evening, delhi police commissioner alok verma met african student leaders and promised additional patrols in neighbourhoods with significant populations of foreign students.
nudged by india, senior african diplomats here met the african students last night and this morning to persuade them to drop today's protest.
indian officials said they had advised african diplomats and students to give new delhi - and diplomacy - a chance to address their concerns.
the african students and diplomats, who had threatened to boycott a government event last week, had made their point, indian officials argued.
but as the government tries to put a lid on the tensions with africa, it remains unwilling to acknowledge any pattern to the attacks against students and others from the continent across india.
rather, these were spontaneous attacks perpetrated by anti-social and criminal elements.
new delhi, dec 19: shashi tharoor was today seen seated beside sushmaswaraj swaraj in the front row of the lok sabha, fine-tuning a house resolution condemning the bail granted to alleged 26/11 attacks planner zaki-ur rehman lakhvi by a pakistan court.
prime minister narendra modi and bjp veteran leader l.k. advani were seated on either side of the duo.
tharoor, the congress mp from thiruvananthapuram, was seen talking to modi before he sat with foreign minister sushmaswaraj , poring over the resolution and making a few changes.
the resolution was unanimously adopted by the lok sabha.
sources said the government decided to avail itself of tharoor's diplomatic expertise to draw up the first draft of the resolution.
he was asked to ensure it adequately conveyed the outrage expressed by leaders across parties against lakhvi's bail.
tharoor is believed to have happily agreed to help.
after drawing up the first draft, he consulted modi and sushmaswaraj before making the necessary changes, the sources said.
tharoor's bonhomie with modi and other bjp leaders raised eyebrows in the house.
rahul gandhi was not present when he was interacting with the top bjp leaders.
judith d'souza after reaching her entally home on sunday evening.
picture by sanat kumar sinha judith d' souza, the aid worker from calcutta who had been held hostage in afghanistan for six weeks, returned to her hometown on sunday evening to be reunited with her parents and sister after a long, terrifying ordeal in a foreign land.
judith, 39, an alumnus of loreto day school, sealdah and st. xavier's college, was rescued on friday and flown from kabul to delhi on saturday evening.
she returned to calcutta with brother jerome by an indigo flight that landed at 6.
36pm.
amid tight security, judith walked out of the airport through a gate in the old terminal that is usually reserved for vips.
a pilot car and at least four other police vehicles accompanied the white scorpio in which the d' souza siblings headed for their entally home.
the duo had came out of the terminal in a beacon-fitted car.
judith and jerome were shifted to the scorpio near the gate.
a team of about 10 cisf personnel threw a ring around the car to ensure quick passage.
security had been tight around judith's cit road home since morning.
nobody except relatives or family friends were allowed in.
a neighbour who had visited the family said: i went there at 10am, before the security got tighter.
the family accepted the sweets i carried with a smile.
residents of the area said judith's mother and sister agnes had stepped out in the morning to offer prayers at a church.
the family remained tight-lipped about how judith was rescued and her days in captivity.
we are happy that judith is coming back, was all that agnes, a schoolteacher, told metro on sunday afternoon.
brother jerome, who had run a campaign on social media to secure judith's release, was more forthcoming.
the bangalore-based ngo worker, whose tweet had prompted an immediate reassurance of support from minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said over phone that his sister would need time to get over the trauma and reclaim her life.
this is what he told metro: judith had been confined to a small, dark room throughout her time in captivity.
she did not see light for so many days.
she is now scared of the dark and feels a little claustrophobic in small spaces.
she needs to sleep with a night lamp on for a few days.
doctors have advised her bed rest.
she will be at home recuperating for the next three months.
lack of nutrition has left her weak.
she has been advised to heal with some good ghar ka khana (home-cooked food).
she needs to eat more.
after a few days of peace and quiet, maybe she will be in a position to meet a few friends.
the phone has been constantly ringing since saturday evening and well-wishers want to know how she is doing.
in due course, she would speak about her trauma to a peer group, as advised by doctors.
i will be around for a while to help out and be with my family.
after judith arrived in india on saturday, we were put up at banga bhavan, where the resident commissioner looked after us well.
we went to a church in delhi and then to a friend's house for lunch.
we had a nice time after a long while.
we are grateful for all the help that the state government has extended.
it has been an emotional reunion with our parents.
today, it was just our immediate family.
judith needs rest and care before she can decide on her future.
she needs to be with family and friends to regain her strength.
delegates at the inauguration ceremony of nalanda university on friday.
picture by nagendra kumar singh the formal inauguration of nalanda university on friday was a day to rejoice for most people who have been associated with the rebirth of the ancient varsity over the past seven years.
most stakeholders at the university, including faculty, students and foreign ambassadors seemed delighted, when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj inaugurated the varsity on friday.
the telegraph spoke to faculty members and students about their experience over the past three weeks at the highly celebrated university.
ambassadors from several east asian countries also shared their views.
above expectations laos (officially the lao peoples democratic republic) had contributed $15,000 for development of nalanda university in 2012.
this is the first time, i have come to rajgir and i am more than satisfied with the way the university is coming up.
i also loved rajgir for its beautiful natural ambience phimpha keomixay, counsellor, deputy chief of mission, laos buddhist studies this is my third visit to rajgir and i also visited the ancient nalanda university ruins.
though i am happy with the ongoing development of new nalanda university, i believe that the school of buddhist studies should soon start functioning because vietnamese students prefer studying buddhism.
we have four academies in buddhism in vietnam but a research-based learning centre like nalanda would be more preferable for higher studies among vietnamese students bach thanh binh, counsellor, embassy of the socialist republic of vietnam environment focus the australian government has contributed funds to the tune of $1 million for setting up the school of ecology and environmental studies.
we are happy with the way the university is coming up and we also want to congratulate the members of nalanda university, as well as the government of india and the state government.
we are happy with the emphasis being put on environment at the varsity, including the eco-friendly proposed campus, and commencement of classes in the school of ecology bernard philip deputy high commissioner, australia research-oriented teaching in the initial days of classes here, first, topics are being introduced to the students, the basics of the subject is being taught to build their foundation.
following lectures on the basics of the subject, discussions are held in the classroom and related assignments are being given to students thereafter.
the entire approach for learning at the varsity is making it a research-oriented exercise for students.
we want the students to be inquisitive.
we want them to question everything, so as to widen their scope of learning mihir deb acting dean, school of ecology and environmental studies interactive learning we are having an inter-disciplinary research-oriented approach for teaching at nalanda university.
the teaching experience over the past three weeks has been really great.
lectures and discussions are going almost hand-in-hand and emphasis is also being put on personal needs of students through interactive learning.
being at rajgir is an added advantage because this place is rich in history and culture.
it is in fact, a good place for learning right from the basics s. mukherjee assistant professor, school of historical studies virgin texts at present, we are being asked to read virgin texts.
meaning, the literary pieces by famous people, mostly related to history.
for instance, we are being asked to read original texts written by karl marx and not any of his interpretations.
a bjp supporter distributes leaflets in guwahati on wednesday ahead of modis rally on saturday.
picture by ub photos imphal/guwahati, feb.
5: the manipur pcc has shrugged off the scheduled visit by bjps prime ministerial candidate narendra modi to imphal to campaign for the party, as an exercise in futility.
modi, who is also the gujarat chief minister, will arrive in imphal, the first leg of his northeast tour, on february 8.
he will address a bjp rally at langjing achouba ground, 5km west of imphal city, before leaving for guwahati for another round of rally the same day.
narendra modi or his namo chai will not have any impact in manipur during the lok sabha elections.
it is an exercise in futility, deputy chief minister and pcc president gaikhangam told the telegraph.
the bjp leaders in manipur are working overtime to make the visit a success by gathering largest ever crowd in an election rally in manipur.
the bjp is constructing two huge gates to welcome the bjp leader along the route from tulihal airport to the rally venue.
the party faces twin hurdles in making the rally a success.
the first is the boycott of the visit by some muslim organisations, accusing modi of being anti-minority.
the manipur unit of jamiat-ulema-i-hind and muslim social workers union had already announced the boycott.
another organisation, the united minority and students federation of northeast, today announced its decision to boycott modi during his manipur visit.
another threat is a general strike called by the united revolutionary front, a militant group, on the day of the visit to boycott modi.
the outfit alleged that the bjp was one of the national parties that suppressed the people of manipur.
modi is coming with a new hope for a new manipur.
all the progressive people of the state should welcome modi to make manipur participate in a change for the better, r.k. ranjan singh, a bjp leader said.
singh said the very fact that modi had chosen imphal to kick off his northeast campaign was enough proof that he has taken a very keen interest in the development of the state.
bjp leaders are concerned that if the general strike called by the militant group becomes effective, the turnout at the rally may not reach their expectations because of lack of transport facilities.
people have faith and trust in the congress.
they have seen that the progress made during the past one decade under the leadership of okram ibobi singh was much faster than that made by the state since it attained statehood in 1972.
we do not have to work extra for the election, gaikhangam said.
he expressed confidence that the congress could retain both the lok sabha seats in manipur.
bjp procession bjp members in guwahati today distributed around 4,000 cups of tea and leaflets during a procession organised as part of their programme to invite people to modis rally on saturday.
todays procession, initiated by the party councillor of gmc, bijuli kalita, began from jyoti nagar and covered around 30km.
we distributed cups of tea and leaflets to invite people of the city to modis programme, kalita said.
massive arrangements are being made for the rally to be held here at khanapara ground.
the rally will be used to launch the partys lok sabha campaign in the state, which has 14 seats of which the bjp has four.
assam chief minister tarun gogoi responded to the modi rally by stating that he, too, would hold a rally on empowerment of youth and women here on february 16.
we will respond through votes.
gogoi said modi was trying to project himself as a one-man show.
senior leaders such as l.k. advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley have become insignificant.
such dictatorial attitude is not good.
he (modi) can do anything to capture power, he said.
chauhan ralliesgopalganj/chhapra, may 3: madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chauhan today appealed to voters to defeat the congress and its allies and vote for bjp for a better and prosperous india under the stewardship of narendra modi.
he addressed meetings at mohammadpur in gopalganj and parsa in saran parliamentary constituency.
jab vaada nahi nibhaya to saath kya nibhana (when promises were not kept why side with such a party or person), he said.
choubey claimpatna: senior bjp leader ashwini kumar choubey on saturday predicted the fall of the nitish kumar government on may 21 owing to his (nitishs) misdeeds.
the nitish government would fall on may 21.
i am saying it on the basis of my intuition and not on the basis of astrology, choubey said.
meira visitpatna: bihar pradesh congress committee (bpcc) spokesperson suman kumar malik said meira kumar would campaign for party candidates in parliamentary constituencies of valmikinagar, gopalganj, saran and muzaffarpur.
condolencespatna: bihar congress chief ashok choudhary and other party leaders expressed grief over the demise of party leader nawal kishore singh alias jhula jee.
meetingspatna: the bjp on saturday said state vice-president and spokesperson sanjay mayukh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and mangal pandey would address election meetings at sheohar and gopalganj on sunday.
muzaffarpur national vice-president c.p. thakur and former minister ashwini kumar choubey would address meetings at sitamarhi, gopalganj, and basantpur and bhagwanpur in maharajganj.
arms racketmunger (pti): an arms supplier identified as raju chaudhury, was arrested with arms and ammunition at jahaj ghat in naxalite-hit munger district on saturday, police said.
the world watched with hawk eyes the first ever visit of the chinese president, xi jinping, to india for three days from september 17, at a time of great flux in the shifting balance of power in the world.
president xi and prime minister narendra modi cast aside diplomatic protocol and decided to begin the visit from gujarat.
both belong to a new generation of leaders.
president xi has been at the helm for about two years and prime minister modi has just finished 100 days in office.
modi decided to receive the chinese president at ahmedabad in person.
as the chief minister of gujarat, modi had made his mark in indian politics and gained fame for his no-nonsense approach to governance.
he visited china four times and got to know the chinese leadership, at a time when western countries, in a fit of sanctimonious rage, treated him as persona non grata.
gujarat has benefited enormously from chief minister modis determined push for development and has received considerable investments from china.
as the prime minister, modi aspires to bring in the same ethos and energize the race for development at an all-india level.
the symbolism of xi beginning his india visit from ahmedabad, on the day modi celebrated his 64th birthday, was not lost on discerning observers.
it marked a historic shift in the way both india and china, known for being sticklers for diplomatic protocol, have decided to break out of the rigidities of their respective protocol traditions.
the protocol departments of both foreign offices must have done quite a lot of cogitation to break the bounds of well-laid protocol norms that would, normally, schedule an important visit to begin in the capital city of delhi.
while the world watched, indias neighbours watched and interpreted this visit much more avidly than others.
pakistan, chinas all-weather friend, was already feeling neglected since xi had decided to skip that country during his current swing through south asia.
pakistans television channels went hysterical and read all kinds of meaning into chinas decision to cancel or postpone xis visit.
pakistans internal political situation is clearly the reason behind this postponement, and no one, least of all pakistans time-tested friend, china, would have found the situation in islamabad conducive for a visit.
pakistan should not lose any sleep over this though.
it is unlikely that china will abandon pakistan since the latter remains pivotal to chinas geo-strategic plans for the future.
the economic corridor that china wants to build to connect chinas muslim-dominated and restive xinjiang province via the karakoram highway into pakistan and then onwards to the chinese-built arabian sea port of gwader, is strategically of such great significance that china will stick to its all-weather friend, pakistan, in spite of the internal political turmoil in that country.
nor will the united states of america abandon its non-nato ally, pakistan, in spite of the bitterness in their bilateral relationship over terrorism, osama bin laden and afghanistan.
india must recognize this reality while crafting its future relations with china.
it is also significant that xis visit to india followed on the heels of the indian presidents visit to vietnam.
china and vietnam have had testy relations and there has been a series of confrontations over contesting claims of sovereignty regarding disputed islands in the south china sea.
chinas egregious claims of sovereignty over islands in the south china sea have been the cause of tension with several countries in southeast asia and also japan.
hence china cannot but be worried about these countries, which all have disputes with china, willy-nilly coordinating security and defence policies vis--vis china.
india too has a long-standing border dispute with china that continued unabated even as xi undertook his visit to india.
this gives india options of coordinating its policies with these countries.
the seeds of an anti-china front have been planted and china will certainly like to avoid this eventuality.
it is in myanmar on indias eastern flank that xis visit seems to be examined threadbare.
myanmar is emerging out of decades of isolation that had pushed the country into a suffocating embrace with china.
myanmar has sought to balance its relationship with china with growing engagement with the rest of the world and with india, in particular.
the recent visit of indias external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, for the regional forum meetings of the association of southeast asian nations in naypyidaw, has set the stage for modis visit to myanmar later this year in november.
the opposition of the public and the government to chinas vice-like grip on infrastructure projects has reached a tipping point in myanmar even as china remains myanmars most important trading partner and supplier of arms.
yet this has not prevented myanmar from cancelling an agreement under which china was to build the railway line connecting kunming in china to kyaukpyu on the western coastline of myanmar.
the railway was to be built alongside the $1 billion gas pipeline project, fully funded by the chinese government, for supplying gas to china from myanmars offshore fields in the andaman sea.
growing public opposition to chinese mega projects began with the cancellation of the multi-billion dollar myitsone dam that left china stunned and speechless.
chinas push into myanmar is mirrored by chinas activity in promoting the economic corridor through pakistan.
in the east, china also wants to develop an economic corridor through myanmar to access the bay of bengal.
the gas pipeline and the railway line are stepping stones for chinas geo-economic-strategic plan.
the cancellation of the railway project dents this plan to some extent.
china has scrambled to renegotiate all these mega infrastructure projects, giving myanmar additional leverage as well as opening a window for india to ramp up its involvement in myanmars infrastructure development and to fill a gap in its look east policy.
bangladesh, the maldives and sri lanka are all wooing china for financing their infrastructure projects.
china is sitting on a kitty of over $3 trillion in reserves and needs to invest its surplus funds.
hence india too is not averse now to utilizing such funds.
during xis visit, agreements were signed for inviting chinese investments in infrastructure projects, including the building of industrial parks and the modernization of railways.
there is little doubt that india has the size and capacity to absorb large investments.
money buys influence and geo-strategic advantages and china is keen that india does not gang up with the us, japan, australia and other asian countries in any formal or informal alliance which smacks of the containment of china that the uss policy of pivot to asia, later labelled as rebalancing, sought to convey to the world.
thus, developments in india-china relations will impact the so-called china card that indias neighbours like to play to leverage their relations with both india and china.
asia has entered a new phase in the great game of balance of power.
a resolution of the india-china border dispute could have a huge impact on india-china relations.
xis visit has not produced any new initiative on this matter.
in fact, chinese intrusions in ladakh have not been stopped and indicate that china is not ready to go further down the road to resolve the border issue.
the visit has seen only reiteration and willingness to sort out the dispute.
no concrete movement is visible.
agreements signed during the visit deal with economic issues, investment, trade, culture, narcotics and education.
the demonstrations by tibetan refugees in delhi were also a reminder to china that the issue of tibet remains alive and china has to deal with it in a more innovative manner.
china has promised to invest $20 billion in india over the next five years.
meanwhile, india has a foreign policy challenge in the decades to come that will require the country to tango with major powers and squeeze out the best deal for the country.
modi may well be the indian leader who will meet this challenge, poised as he is at a delicate and crucial moment in indias history.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh has declined pakistans invitation to attend the groundbreaking ceremony of the kartarpur sahib corridor, citing escalation in cross-border firing and terrorism.
his minister navjot singh sidhu, credited with making the breakthrough move on the sikh communitys long-pending demand for the corridor by broaching the issue directly with the pakistan army chief whom he met at the swearing-in of prime minister imran khan, has accepted the invitation subject to clearance from the centre.
all ministers from states and the centre need clearance from the external affairs ministry for official trips abroad.
amarinder said in his response on sunday that while it has been a cherished desire to visit gurdwara darbar sahib, built at the final resting place of guru nanak, he was opting out because of cross-border attacks and terror strikes.
he cited several attacks, including that on a religious congregation in amritsar last sunday.
on saturday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had written to her pakistan counterpart, shah mehmood qureshi, that she would not be able to attend because of prior commitments but that two colleagues  harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri  would represent india.
qureshi had invited sushmaswaraj , amarinder and sidhu on behalf of khan on saturday.
donald trump had told reporters on thursday: we have reasonably attractive news from pakistan and india.
they have been going at it and we have been involved trying to have them stop.
apindia on thursday did not appear too pleased with us president donald trump hinting in hanoi at a possible resolution of the face-off with pakistan hours before prime minister imran khan announced the plan to release indian air force pilot abhinandan varthaman as a gesture of peace.
briefing journalists in hanoi, trump had said: we have reasonably attractive news from pakistan and india.
they have been going at it and we have been involved trying to have them stop.
we have some reasonably decent news.
i think hopefully that its going to come to an end.
asked whether this was an indication that the us had secured an assurance from pakistan on the release of the pilot, indian government sources pleaded ignorance on what trump was referring to.
new delhi chose to see trumps statement as an appreciation of the restraint and responsibility with which india had acted.
sources in new delhi pointed out that the us has had a consistent position on india being justified in taking action and that pakistan should do more to address indias concerns.
as for what trump meant when he said attractive news, the sources said they were not aware of what he had in mind.
a couple of hours later, imrans announcement indicated that washington was in the loop.
on whether the us had offered to mediate, india maintained that a number of countries had offered to do so but new delhi has enough channels to deal with pakistan.
at the same time, india indicated that it had nothing against other countries using their good offices with pakistan if they so desired.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will attend the 46th session of the council of ministers of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) in abu dhabi on friday despite the groupings j&k contact group condemning indias pre-emptive air strike and issuing yet another statement criticising the governments kashmir policy.
the sources said the uae had reiterated its invitation to sushmaswaraj after pakistan protested the unilateral decision to invite her as a guest of honour.
at the meeting, she is expected to underscore the long and historical relationship that india has with member countries of the oic.
the crown prince of abu dhabi, mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, has spoken to both narendra modi and imran and stressed the importance of dealing wisely with recent developments and giving priority to dialogue and communication.
an exhausted sushmaswaraj at the chhapra rally on tuesday.
(pti) patna, oct.
12: the bjp today said carbon monoxide that leaked from l.k. advanis air-conditioned rath had made sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley sick yesterday.
the two leaders were on advanis jan chetna rath from chhapra to patna but could not make it to gandhi maidan yesterday after they complained of giddiness and took ill.
the two leaders were taken to a hotel, where they were given medicines and asked to rest.
on wednesday, both sushmaswaraj and jaitley were present at advanis media conference but they did not speak.
senior bjp leader anant kumar attributed the illness to a technical accident.
two generators are attached to the bus for the air conditioners.
apparently, there was a leak and carbon monoxide seeped inside the area where we were sitting.
i used to take the lift to go on the roof at regular intervals to interact with the crowd and i got oxygen.
but both arunji and sushmaji continued to sit inside the bus.
they inhaled carbon monoxide and began to feel dizzy, anant said.
he added that mechanics had worked through the night to rectify the fault.
automobile mechanics said that normally, the air conditioner in a vehicle was run by the engine and the carbon monoxide was emitted from the exhaust pipe.
but in this case, a separate generator was planted so that the air-conditioner could run even when the bus is stationary, said a mechanic who installs air conditioners in such buses.
another mechanic pointed out that carbon monoxide poisoning does not take place because of the gas used in air conditioners.
it is always because of leak from the engine, he said, stressing that the possibility of leak in special raths should always be kept in mind and regular monitoring carried out.
dr rajeev ranjan prasad, professor of physiology at patna medical college, said: carbon monoxide causes formation of excessive oxyhaemoglobin in the blood.
it manifests itself through respiratory stress, breathing problem and drowsiness.
the effect of the poisonous gas depends on the degree and time of exposure.
while mild exposure can be overcome fast without any long term or serious implications, prolonged exposure can turn fatal.
a mechanical engineer said air conditioners typically draw air from the outside and, if its intake was exposed to a region where carbon monoxide from the engine had accumulated, it could have drawn the gas inside the van.
carbon monoxide levels in exhaust go up when the engine is running at low efficiency, said a.k. samantaray, associate professor of mechanical engineering at iit-kharagpur.
carbon monoxide poisoning has some political resonance in patna, where, almost a decade ago, a high-profile rjd leader and his girlfriend were found dead in a garage.
police traced the cause of death to carbon monoxide poisoning but the bjp, which was then in opposition, cried murder and pointed fingers at some politicians.
the case eventually went to the cbi which upheld the police version of carbon monoxide poisoning.
air-conditioned raths are part of the political paraphernalia in bihar.
ever since andhra pradesh stalwart rama rao set out in his political chariot in 1980s, around two score leaders in bihar have followed in his trail, especially for elections.
rajgir, sept.
19: eight hundred or so years ago, nalandas great centre of learning perished under the hoof of a new ruling order, ransacked and cindered by warlord bakhtiyar khilji, freshly arrived from the mameluk conquest of delhi.
this afternoon, a rekindling was staged close to the grand ruins under unmissable intimations of another regime change.
chancellor amartya sen, no favourite by some distance of the narendra modi dispensation, opted to bunk the opening of the institution of his pioneering.
in a felicitation message, sen cited duties at harvard to explain his notable absence, but real reason should have escaped few: the celebrated laureate and modi critic isnt a terribly welcome presence on campus anymore.
backstage, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lit the inaugural lamp on nalanda university (nu), a member of the exclusive mentor group whispered out his sense of whats only speculation at the moment.
you know amartya sens term as chancellor comes up for renewal next july and no guesses on what will happen.
there is a political significance to who is here and who isnt, and it is for nobody to ignore.
sens presence at nu, even as a missive despatched from afar, may already be a shadow in retreat.
and former chief minister nitish kumar, who seeded the nu project, has verily been packed off it, not even among the invitees.
vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal was about the only one to script sen and nitish into her gratitude list, along with that other entity who has probably been made to forget what it is like to be thanked: former prime minister, manmohan singh.
as she set out to celebrate what she called the resurrection of nu, sabharwal unveiled her wish to be grateful for this day to manmohan singh, nitish and sen for spurring the enterprise.
she then invokes swaraj and said, and of course we are thankful to the external affairs minister for her interest and her engagement.
shortly before the formalities began, sabharwal told the telegraph she had been elated to see the new government at the centre take ownership of nu, mandated by an act of parliament as a ministry of external affairs (mea) enterprise.
both sushmaswaraj swaraj and the mea have responded quickly and positively, which is very heartening for us, sabharwal said.
it is now upon all of to prove we can deliver a world class institution.
having arrived at todays well-appointed cameo opening at the rajgir international convention centre against many odds, sabharwal was not deluded she had only brought her mission to the beginning of an uphill endeavour.
this is a day to celebrate the resurrection of nalanda for our times.
but this milestone is only the starting point of a challenging journey, a lifetime opportunity that will only be achieved through unity and solidarity, she said.
foreign minister swaraj, for her part, responded with ready assurance.
this university is not the pride of nalanda or of bihar alone, she said, turning to bihar chief minister jitan ram manjhi seated beside her.
this is what all of india draws esteem from, and we wish to see nalanda return to its old worldwide glory.
and this has been a commitment across party and political lines, unanimously.
swaraj then addressed a small clutch of diplomats in attendance, saying: some of your nations have taken keen interest in nalanda and come forward to help.
what we want is to expand the engaged international circle for nalanda, and create a truly international university where students from across the world will want to come and study.
the international presence included the envoys of thailand and singapore, and officials from vietnam, laos, germany and the uk.
also among the invitees sat nu mentors lord meghnad desai and n.k. singh.
briefly, towards the end, swaraj turned away from her prepared text in english  for the benefit of international guests  and ventured in evocative hindi to a round of applause.
nalanda was not a university but a tradition, she said.
and traditions dont die, they just become dormant sometimes.
today we have revived it.
one legend has it there were so many books in the libraries of old nalanda that they kept the cooking fires of bakhtiyar khiljis soldiers going for six months.
the new nu has 15 students and 11 faculty, a set wonderfully small and organic, is how dean archana sharma put it.
they dont have a campus yet, not to speak of a library; a small local hotel is the nus camp address.
vice-chancellor sabharwal was right, today was merely the inauguration of a challenge.
amartya sen may not be on the road ahead, but the pledged rs 2,727 crore kitty should afford them some conversion of dream to reality.
new delhi, dec.
21: narendra modi backers are annoyed by the perceived under-projection of his third-time victory by central bjp leaders.
sources said the gujarat chief minister was peeved when he heard rajiv pratap rudy, a bjp spokesperson, describe the win as modest on a tv channel and asked some leaders if the view was shared by others.
rudy, the sources said, was pulled up and told to amend his words, which he did later.
other sources in delhi claimed the muted response was a strategy to contain debate on whether modis projection as the bjps prime ministerial candidate was inevitable.
the tv discussions were less about the gujarat verdict and much more about the leadership issue.
therefore, we chose to underplay the victory because that would have fuelled the speculation even more and, perhaps, provoked strong reactions from nitish kumars people.
that would have dampened the spirit, a source said.
.
sources said modi was particularly annoyed that his party had let go unanswered finance minister p. chidambarams spin on the gujarat results as a victory for the congress.
chidambaram had pointed to the marginal fall in the bjps tally and equal increase in the congress seats.
lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj  otherwise on the dot on her twitter site  was silent on modi.
she had said during the campaign that he had all the qualities needed to become prime minister but later moderated her statement.
sushmas rajya sabha counterpart arun jaitley and chief party spokesperson ravi shankar prasad were the only leaders of significance to appear on tv.
bjp president nitin gadkaris pithy response was that the people of gujarat had again chosen the bjp under modi for the states development.
a modi supporter contrasted the muted reactions to the joyous outbursts of leaders, from gadkari downwards, when the bjp won bihar with its ally, nitishs janata dal (united), in november 2010.
the leaders made it a point to sit in the headquarters and give sound bites.
yesterday, they went conspicuously missing, said the supporter.
all eyes are now on leaders who are expected to attend modis swearing-in ceremony in gandhinagar on december 26.
new delhi, aug.
22: the bjp-led nda is expected to sharpen its attack against prime minister manmohan singh from tomorrow for allegedly patronising and shielding the corrupt and allowing them berths in his ministry.
whether it will demand the prime ministers resignation  as l.k. advani did at an event at nellore on sunday  will be decided when the coalition meets again tomorrow.
the attack in the house will be made by the coalition in unison but outside the bjp and its allies will protest separately.
the nda will move an adjournment motion on corruption.
if a discussion is not allowed, the opposition will stall parliament, sources said.
today, the only nda leader outside the bjp to attend a meeting at advanis house was janata dal (united) leader sharad yadav.
of the bjp brass, advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley were there.
the leaders decided that the time was right to get at the prime minister, whose teflon-coated veneer had helped stave off charges of lack of probity so far, a bjp source said.
the source added that the over two-hour meeting largely discussed the political fallout of the hazare-inspired upsurge for the bjp and the nda and concluded it was premature to conclude who it would benefit electorally.
it was learnt that the leaders did not take up advanis call for singhs resignation and mid-term lok sabha polls.
bjp sources said the matter of demanding mid-term polls had to be mulled over earnestly because the feedback was that popular anger generated by the hazare agitation could be channelled in different directions.
logically, it should go against the centre and the congress but it is possible it could go against us in those states where we are in power.
therefore, we should level the trajectory of popular sentiments, and through our discourse focus these sentiments against the congress leaders, particularly sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi, a leader said.
surprise visitor art of living teacher sri sri ravi shankar made a surprise visit to l.k. advanis home on monday when the nda meeting was on.
he appealed to the bjp to mediate with hazare to call off his fast.
the bjp leaders refused to intervene.
security personnel rehearse in rajgir on friday ahead of the nalanda university convocation.
picture by nagendra kumar singhrajgir has not seen such hectic activity since september 2014 when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj formally inaugurated the born again nalanda university, an idea first mooted by then president the late apj abdul kalam in 2006.
the town, around 105km southeast of patna, has turned into a fortress - with frequent checks at hotels and lodges, senior police and district administration personnel camping in town, security personnel teeming at the new varsity campus and cheetah commandos lurking in the green hills on the horizon - for the varsitys first convocation on saturday.
president pranab mukherjee, governor ram nath kovind and chief minister nitish kumar will award degrees to 12 students from nalanda universitys school of historical studies and school of ecology and environment studies at the convocation, the main event for which will be held at the upcoming main campus where a temporary structure has been put up.
the 80foot wide and 262foot long structure will have five gates: two in the north for common people, two others for vips and one for the media.
the upcoming campus is at the foothills of the rajgir hills, once notorious for the maoist menace.
there will be foolproof security arrangements for the event, said nalanda superintendent of police kumar ashish.
around 3,000 police personnel, along with 20 dsps (deputy superintendents of police), 50 inspectors and around 400 cops of the ranks of sub-inspector and assistant sub-inspector have been deployed.
four companies of cheetah attached to the special task force will be keeping an eye from the rajgir to thwart any naxalite movement.
three units of the dog squad and a bomb squad unit have also been pressed into service, and hotel associations have been directed to maintain a register of visitors.
the president will reach rajgir at around 10.
50am from patna, said nalanda district magistrate s.m. thiyagarajan.
helipads have been prepared at main upcoming main campus itself.
the main function will be held at 11am and the president will leave at around noon.
the president will also lay the foundation stone for the new varsity campus at the event, where visiting dignitaries will include ambassadors from different countries.
the man on the street is also enthused.
for the past one week the district administration is working day and night to make the event a grand success, said manikant prasad, who runs a grocery shop near rajgir bus stand.
all roads leading to rajgir have been repaired.
also the district administration as a security measure has removed illegal encroachments along both sides of rajgir main road.
it is a tourist town but it lacks infrastructure, rued manikant.
in the past decade many hostels and restaurants along with new markets are coming up, but these hostels and restaurants have full occupancy only during winter season when jains and buddhist tourists visit the town for their religious functions, he said.
he said he was looking forward to the day when nalanda university grows up to its full potential, leading to huge influx of students and varsity staff, which would lead to growth in the towns local business.
bhubaneswar/new delhi, may 30: linguists and odia researchers have taken exception to the odia language not being on the list of regional languages through which the prime minister's office website can be accessed.
the multilingual website was launched yesterday by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who described it as part of prime minister narendra modi's effort to reach out to people and communicate with them in their own language.
the list includes bengali, gujarati, malayalam, marathi, tamil and telugu in addition to english and hindi.
eminent linguist debiprasanna pattanayak termed the development as shameful.
it seems that our language is still neither recognisable nor considered popular enough.
it is very disgraceful for odisha, said pattanayak, who had led the team that had compiled the documents submitted by the odisha government to the centre, following which odia got the classical language tag.
pattanayak said literary organisations from the state had already written to odia politicians at the centre to facilitate the inclusion of the language in the next round.
researchers also said the language had not been included on the website because of lack of promotion by the state government.
it has been two years since we got the classical tag but the state government is yet to do its bit for popularisation of the language.
we still do not have a centre of excellence in odia nor have bodies like odia bhasa pratisthan set up for the conservation of the language been made functional, said subhashish panigrahi, an active contributor to odia wikipedia.
secretary of the institute of odia studies and research subrat prusty said: we are yet to carry out official work in odia and the websites of the state government departments are still not accessible in our native language.
until the official website of chief minister's office is available in odia, there is no point blaming the centre for ignoring our language.
odia is one of the three languages that could be picked for expanding the linguistic spread of the official website of the prime minister's office (pmo) in the next round, the other two being kannada and punjabi, an official said.
however, there is no time frame for this because the priority is to ensure the sustainability of the multilingual website.
the target is to make the website available in all the 22 languages listed in the eighth schedule of the constitution.
officials privy to the whole exercise said the choice of languages to go multi-lingual hinges on expertise in regional offices of the press information bureau.
the pmo website is very dynamic and we need to see how it works in the first phase.
it is not just about translating the information at almost real time but also verifying the translation and uploading additional content, said the official.
as of now, odia, kannada and punjabi are the languages with the next level of competence to be roped in, said an official but added that the next three months would be focused on ensuring the smooth running of what was currently operational.
new delhi, aug.
31: narendra modi today used buddhism as his metaphor to epitomise the centuries-old ties between india and japan.
but a different, 40-year-old indian reference to buddha is threatening to delay a nuclear pact the prime minister was keen to ink on his tokyo trip.
modi today visited two of japanese buddhisms holiest shrines, the toji temple and the kinkaku-ji temple, in the imperial capital of kyoto, as indias foreign office repeatedly underscored the significance of buddhism as a historical bond between the nations.
but persisting differences on the text of a nuclear deal india and japan have been negotiating since 2010 mean modi and japanese prime minister shinzo abe are now unlikely to ink the agreement in tokyo tomorrow, senior officials said.
those differences are rooted in the compulsions of domestic politics in japan, the only known victim of nuclear bombs, where indias 1974 nuclear tests code-named operation smiling buddha and the later tests in 1998 are still viewed as evidence new delhi cannot be trusted.
abe, who broke with practice to meet modi in kyoto  the indian prime ministers first destination on his five-day trip to japan  spent the first half of sunday with his guest.
the two visited the toji temple, after which abe returned to tokyo, where the two prime ministers will hold formal bilateral talks tomorrow.
the talks between modi and abe, and the signing of agreements the nations are trying to finalise, have been scheduled for the evening tomorrow to allow indian and japanese negotiators as much time as is possible to seal complex agreements on defence and rare earth metals.
modi will meet several japanese cabinet ministers, and officials from the commerce ministry will separately hold talks with their counterparts in tokyo, officials said.
but it is the nuclear agreement that modi and his government were most keen to sign during the current visit.
that, an official said, now appears unlikely.
its unlikely now on this trip, the official said.
theres still some gap between us that we need to negotiate.
when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met japanese foreign minister in myanmars capital earlier this month, her most forceful message  according to both japanese and indian officials  was that the two nations expedite nuclear negotiations ahead of modis tokyo visit.
now, india and japan will refer to the nuclear negotiations in the joint statement the two prime ministers will issue monday evening.
according to one official, they may ink a minor agreement reinforcing the commitment of both nations to eventually sign the nuclear pact.
but japan is unwilling to give up on its demand that the text of the nuclear agreement mention specifically tokyos right to pull out of the pact if new delhi conducts fresh tests.
the condition itself is not a source of friction: both countries know tokyo will have no other option, even if the text of the pact does not mention a japanese exit clause.
japan has so far only inked nuclear deals with nations that are signatory to the nuclear non proliferation treaty (npt) and the comprehensive test ban treaty (ctbt).
india has not accepted either.
for india, any specific reference in the text that points to a lack of trust in new delhis stated commitment to non-proliferation  and its self-imposed moratorium on testing  is unacceptable.
a failure to wrap up the pact during modis visit will not derail the agreement  diplomatic negotiations often take several years.
but the inability of the two nations to reach a consensus on the text of the pact will dent modis stated objective of focusing on hard deliverables rather than mere symbolism of foreign visits.
new delhi, aug.
19: nepal today revived an invitation to president pranab mukherjee in a goodwill gesture by kathmandu after months of bilateral tension.
nepal's deputy prime minister bimalendra nidhi, sent specially by new prime minister pushpa kumar dahal - better known as prachanda - met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today for talks on rebuilding trust.
prachanda's predecessor, k.p. sharma oli, had accused india twice of trying to destablise his government.
oli's government had also alleged that india orchestrated a blockade along the border with nepal for months late last year following differences over a new constitution adopted by kathmandu.
the blockade, enforced by madhesis - who live in nepal's plains - starved nepal of food supplies, medicines and fuel and pulled ties between delhi and kathmandu to their lowest.
both nations are keen to rebuild the relationship critical for nepal's economy and for india's strategic security.
the visit of the special envoy, bimalendra nidhi, provides an opportunity to understand the priorities of the new government and to discuss ways in which we could strengthen our multi-faceted ties with nepal, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said yesterday.
india attaches the highest priority to its relations with nepal and looks forward to working closely with the new government.
to a request for a visa by pakistani national amna shamin, who wants to visit her father who is receiving treatment in delhi, swaraj tweeted: please contact indian high commission in pakistan.
we will allow this.
on the auspicious occasion of deepawali, india will grant medical visa in all deserving cases pending today, the external affairs minister added.
shamin had tweeted: @sushmaswaraj mam pls grant us visa my dad is already in delhi for his liver treatmnt i want to visit him as an attendant.
.
.
.
on wednesday, sushmaswaraj had directed the indian high commission in islamabad to issue a medical visa to a pakistani child.
the child's father, kashif, had requested sushmaswaraj on twitter to grant the visa for the treatment of abdullah, saying he needed post-liver transplant evaluation in india.
the treatment of your child must not suffer for want of medicine.
i have asked indian high commission to issue medical visa, sushmaswaraj had tweeted.
ptisherin mathews.
(ap file picture)houston: the body of a child has been found below a culvert, with police saying it is most likely that of the three-year-old indian girl missing for over two weeks when her foster father sent her outside home alone late at night as punishment for not finishing her milk.
the body was found late on sunday around 1km from the home of sherin mathews's adoptive parents wesley and sini mathews in richardson city with the help of search dogs.
sherin, who has development issues and limited verbal communication skills and had been adopted from bihar two years ago, was last seen outside her backyard on october 7 after father wesley upbraided her and sent outside late at night.
while a medical examiner has yet to see the child's body and make a positive identification, sergeant kevin perlich, spokesperson for the richardson police department, said it is most likely sherin's.
the police have not released details about how the child died.
wesley, 37, was arrested on october 8 on charges of abandoning or endangering a child and later released on a bail bond of $250,000 (rs 1.
6 crore).
richardson police chief jimmy spivey promised to bring to justice those responsible for the child's death.
worst news finding child's body if it's #sherinmathews happy recovered so properly laid to rest.
will bring person(s) responsible to justice, spivey tweeted.
according to his arrest affidavit, wesley had admitted he knew coyotes or wild dogs had been seen in the area.
some 15 minutes after sending her out, wesley went to check on sherin but did not find her, the affidavit said.
after looking around for her, he said he went inside to do laundry and decided to wait until morning to continue searching or for her to return on her own, sergeant perlich said.
the police were not alerted to her disappearance until about five hours later.
sini, the girl's mother, does not face any charges.
she was in the house at the time, but was reportedly asleep and unaware of what her husband was doing, the police had said earlier.
but the child protective services took custody of the indian-american couple's other biological daughter, aged four, shortly after wesley was arrested.
investigators had combed sherin's neighbourhood and surrounding areas with drones and helicopters and searched mathews' home.
the police had said earlier that one of the mathews' vehicles had left the residence the morning sherin went missing - between the time wesley said sherin disappeared and the time he called police.
sherin's case had caught the attention of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the indian mission in houston.
we are deeply concerned about the missing child, sushmaswaraj had tweeted on october 19.
new delhi, dec.
22 (pti): sonia gandhi met protesters squatting outside her 10 janpath home late on saturday night and told them: i am with you.
.
.
justice will be delivered.
the congress president came out of her residence at 12.
10am and sat down on the ground with the protesters, speaking to them for about 20 minutes as her security staff formed a ring around the group.
i am with you.
i cant tell when justice will be delivered, but surely it will be.
we will do something, one of the protesters quoted her as saying.
asked for a deadline, she said: i cant give you a deadline but action will be taken.
she also expressed her desire to meet some of the protesters tomorrow morning and hear them out.
sonia had earlier in the day spoken to the prime minister and home minister sushil kumar shinde, asking for swift action.
this follows a letter she wrote to shinde on tuesday, saying: it is a shame for us, who are responsible for the security of our cities that a young woman can be raped in a moving bus in the capital of the country and flung on to the street.
bjp call the bjp today urged the prime minister to call a special session of parliament and consider a stringent law against rapists that could include a death sentence.
the party also asked him to convene an all-party meeting.
lok sabha leader sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to singh and tweeted that she was always for death penalty in rape cases and had once moved a private member bill in support.
bjp sources claimed singh assured sushmaswaraj he would look into her demand.
(from left) bjp mps niranjan jyoti, sakshi maharaj, savitri bai phoole, yogi adityanath and uma bharati.
pictures by prem singh new delhi, dec.
17: narendra modi today told some of his senior ministers we have done nothing wrong in a pep talk that sources said was aimed at spurring them into action to counter the opposition's propaganda.
the meeting came in the wake of controversies over reconversions, abusive comments about minorities and calls to declare the bhagvad gita a national text that, the sources said, had coalesced to foster a perception that the bjp-led regime had allowed sectarian issues to overwhelm governance.
the rajya sabha, where the ruling nda is in a minority, remained paralysed today as the opposition insisted the prime minister make a statement that constitutional freedoms would be respected.
the morning meeting of the bjp and the centre's core political group came in this backdrop.
we have not committed a sin.
we have done nothing wrong, so we need not worry, modi was quoted as telling arun jaitley, m. venkaiah naidu, sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh and nitin gadkari - the ministers who heard him out.
bjp sources privy to the interaction - that routinely takes place every morning before parliament starts - said they were given to understand that modi appeared concerned about the potential damage to his image as well as that of his government's and, therefore, their political reflexes ought to kick in.
the opposition is making a concerted effort to project a picture that india is obscurantist, that communal forces have gained an upper hand after the regime change, a minister said.
the sub-text of the collective anxiety that a number of bjp seniors and ministers shared was that the international press, particularly the western media, would lap up such negative projections to vindicate the half-truths and lies it had peddled about the bjp and modi all these years.
sources said what the government fears more is that the soft power, disseminated through the left-liberal portrayals of the government, particularly in its ramped-up social media posts, might eventually revive the biases of western establishments against modi after they had just about warmed up to him.
in the prelude to the summer elections, modi's fans had created hash-tags on twitter that pitched him as india's only hope to save the country from the congress's ruinous clutches.
the tables have turned since.
modi's cheerleaders, such as author activist madhu kishwar, have become defensive and even combative over certain ministerial appointments while his foes have a field day on social media.
coupled with the hindutva themes, gingered up with disputed statements from saffron-clad sadhus and sadhvis, modi's neo-converts from a space that was anti-congress but uncomfortable with the rss-vhp's extremism have been getting increasingly restive with the government's lethargy on implementing big-ticket economic reforms.
a recent in-camera meet of industry body cii heard many business leaders complain how their expectations weren't even close to being met.
with the insurance, gst and coal bills hanging in mid-air because of the opposition's and the ruling party's intransigence over breaking the deadlock in the rajya sabha, the view of a go-slow on reforms could gain strength, sources said.
among the government's first moves was persuading the rss's dharam jagran samanwaya vibhag to call off its reconversion ceremony on december 25 when the sangh offspring had planned to reconvert aligarh's christians to hinduism.
sources said the government asked senior rss officials to prevail upon the samanwaya vibhag's organisers to cancel their show.
we had no choice but to obey the orders from the top, aligarh convenor brajesh kantak said.
we erred in not presenting our arguments properly.
we are not people who trample over the indian constitution, we are patriots who hold the book on our heads.
on monday night, the outfit decided to call off the programme.
big heart surprise gift the union transport minister, nitin gadkari, who retains his ties with the maharashtra wing of the bharatiya janata party in spite of his shift to the capital, has established an 'organic connection' with 10 janpath.
in the process, he may have also created a support base within the congress.
the former bjp chief recently moved to the 2 motilal nehru marg residence, which lies opposite sonia gandhi's house.
the bungalow used to house the now-defunct national advisory council.
on noticing a green patch dedicated to growing organic vegetables, the bungalow's new occupant made discreet inquiries.
his probe revealed that the vegetables grown on the green patch were for the lady at 10 janpath.
gadkari is believed to have immediately sent an emissary with the message that the political differences notwithstanding his neighbour would continue to receive organic vegetables from across the road.
home truths rahul and sonia gandhi were in for a shock at an event organized by the youth congress.
ramesh chennithala, the kerala state home minister who had once been a youth congress chief and president of the kerala state congress committee, did not mince words when he took the microphone.
he bluntly told the party vice-president that he was making a mistake by trying to democratize the youth congress.
rahul looked aloof while sonia shuffled in discomfort.
participants were heard whispering among themselves that finally someone in the party had dared to tell the young leader a truth that everyone else seems to have figured out by now.
new look like most ministries, the rural development ministry, too, is undergoing big changes.
the new minister, chaudhary birender singh, a former congressman, has ordered the replacement of a glass door that his predecessor, jairam ramesh, had installed to showcase his emphasis on transparency.
the ethnic design, which included the use of bamboo and similar other things, is also being removed.
singh wants to make it clear that he wants no trace of ramesh's legacy in the ministry.
party time although the number of free lunches have come down after the national democratic alliance took over the reins of the nation, the festive season still means good tidings for one and all.
salman and louise khurshid are believed to have scheduled a christmas party.
the union external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had cancelled a dinner in the wake of the peshawar school massacre, is also hosting a dinner for parliamentarians.
but the most sought after bash of the season is, reportedly, the one being hosted by the union finance minister, arun jaitley.
the other much-awaited party is that of the union minister for minority affairs, najma heptullah.
although heptullah has called off celebrations to mark her 75th birthday, bjp insiders are keeping a close tab on her.
there is speculation that she may be appointed to a gubernatorial position, leaving her cabinet berth free for mukhtar abbas naqvi to have a go at it.
another hopeful is shahnawaz hussain, who may be able to grab the rajya sabha berth from madhya pradesh if heptullah takes up residence in a raj bhavan.
clean sweep the narendra modi government may have already written the epitaph of the planning commission, but babus on delhi's parliament street are still living in hope.
they believe that the prime minister will draft them into a new body that will replace the planning commission.
to prove that they remain true-blue government servants, they have taken up modi's swachh bharat campaign with great enthusiasm.
after cleaning their offices, the babus in yojana bhavan are said to have formed teams to clean the neighbourhood that includes offices of the union home ministry and the post and telegraph department at the nearby patel chowk round-about.
each day, batches of babus can be spotted carrying on their cleanliness drive in earnest.
here is hoping for their sake that the hawk-eyed prime minister is taking note of their valiant efforts.
footnote permanent address after having evicted ajit singh from his bungalow in the capital and slapped eviction notices on a host of politicians or their heirs such as lalu prasad, neeraj shekhar and others, the bjp leadership is in a quandary.
the saffron leadership is at its wits' end trying to resolve the housing problem for party veterans such as lk advani and murli manohar joshi, who have been packed off to the margdarshak mandal.
both these margdarshaks or mentors reside in ministerial bungalows for which they are no longer eligible.
detractors of the party are now pointing fingers at it for its obvious double standards.
but the two may prove to be luckier than most others.
the party is apparently exploring options of giving them ministerial status to solve the housing problem.
once made head of some commission, the two can go on living in their bungalows happily ever after.
basant kumar mohantynew delhi: the government has decided to revise the pensions of teachers who have retired from the iits, iims and other centrally funded technical institutions, bringing the amount they get now on a par with the seventh pay commission recommendations.
the decision - to be implemented with retrospective effect from april 2016 - is expected to benefit around 2,000 retired teachers.
sources said the human resource development ministry was set to announce the revision this week.
once the pensions are revised, retired iit, iim and nit teachers can expect an increase of 20 to 30 per cent on the sums they have been drawing under the sixth pay commission scale.
the government usually revises pensions simultaneously with pay commission-recommended salary hikes for teachers in higher educational institutions.
but the hrd ministry did not revise the pensions when it raised teacher salaries in october last year.
many of our colleagues have died in the last four or five months.
several family pensioners have also died.
even if the government revises the pension, many retired teachers and their spouses are no longer there to use the money, a.l. agarwal, general secretary of the pan-iits retired faculty association, said.
officials said the finance ministry had restrained the hrd ministry from revising pensions while revising salaries, and also asked it not to revise the allowances of the serving teachers till it had given the go-ahead.
agarwal alleged the government boasted about its iits and iims but did not take care of those who taught in these premier technological and management institutes.
last september, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had mentioned the iits at the un general assembly while taking a dig at pakistan and its alleged support for militant outfits.
we have built iits but you have built lets, we have built iims but you have built jems, she had said.
sources said the hrd ministry might issue a separate order for revising the pensions of teachers who retired from central universities.
congress member of parliament and writer shashi tharoor's latest book, the paradoxical prime minister, on pm narendra modi, is getting the expected amount of attention - a lot.
it has already stirred a controversy with his analogy - attributed to an rss source - between moditva and hindutva and 'a scorpion on a shivling' the book has more than scorpions, shivlings and floccinaucinihilipilification.
in this excerpt, tharoor takes on hindi chauvinists.
the push for hindithe arrival of modi on the national scene has seen his government pushing hindi with more enthusiasm than judgement.
i got caught up in the undertow of the new zeal for hindi when in reply to a question on twitter, in all innocence, i asserted that hindi was not our natural language.
i was accused of being anti-national, of being a slave to a foreign languageas if the british had excreted their language on us as pigeons might spatter us with their droppings.
unfortunately for them, i was right: the constitution of india provides for no national language.
but being wrong rarely bothers a troll.
the ugly exchanges did, however, reveal two more essential truths about our country.
the first is that, whatever the hindi chauvinists might say, we dont have one national language in india, but several.
the second is that the hindi zealots, including their recent southern converts like venkaiah naidu, whose assertion hindi hamari rashtrabhasha hai had provoked the recent debate, have an unfortunate tendency to provoke a battle they will loseat a time when they were quietly winning the war.
hindi is officially the mother tongue of some 41 per cent of our population; the percentage has been growing, thanks to the spectacular failure of population control in much of north india.
it is also spoken by several who claim primary allegiance to other languages, notably punjabi, marathi and gujarati.
it is not, however, the mother tongue of the rest of us.
when hindi speakers emotionally decry the use of an alien language imposed on the country by british colonialists and demand that hindi be used because it speaks for the soul of india, or when they declare that hindi is our mother, english is a stranger, they are missing the point twice over.
first, because no tamil or bengali will accept that hindi is the language of his soul or has anything to do with his motherit is as alien to him as english is.
and second, because injecting anti-english xenophobia into the argument is utterly irrelevant to the issue at stake for those who object to the idea of a national language.
that issue is quite simple: all indians need to deal with the government.
we need government services, government information and government support; we need to understand easily what our government is saying to us or demanding of us.
when the government does so in our mother tongue, it is easier for us.
but when it does so in someone elses mother tongue with which we are less familiar than our neighbour, our incomprehension is intensified by resentment.
why should shukla be spoken to by the government of india in the language that comes easiest to him, but not subramaniam?
the de facto solution to this question has been a practical oneuse hindi where it is understood, but use english everywhere and especially in the central government, since it places all indians from all parts of our country at an equal disadvantage or advantage.
english does not express subramaniams soul any more than it does shuklas, but it serves a functional purpose for both, and whats more, it helps subramaniam to understand the same thing as shukla.
ideally, of course, every central government document, tax form or tweet should be in every one of indias languages.
since that is not possible in practicebecause we would have to do everything in twenty-three versionswe have chosen to have two official languages, english and hindi.
state governments complement these by producing official material in the language of their states.
that leaves everyone more or less happy.
since the bjp came to power, however, they have not been content to let sleeping dogmas lie.
the move to push hindi has required governmental file notations to be written in that language, even where that undermines comprehension, accuracy and therefore efficiency.
obliging a south indian civil servant to digest a complex argument by a upite subordinate writing in his mother tongue is unfair to both.
both may write atrocious english, for that matter, but its the language in which they are equal, and it serves to get the work done.
language is a vehicle, not a destination.
in government, it is a means, not an end.
the hindi-wallahs fail to appreciate that, since promoting hindi, for them, is an end in itself.
this is what sustains the governments futile efforts to make hindi a seventh official language of the united nations.
pm modis foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj dramatically declared that her government was willing to spend hundreds of crores of rupees to achieve this objective.
now in the united nations, there are six official languages (used for formal speeches and translations of documents) and two working languages (in which the organizations work is conducted daily).
similarly, in india, we have no single national language: article 343 of the constitution makes it very clear that hindi is an official language.
the official languages act of 1963 says that hindi and english are both official languages of india and the gujarat high court ruled in 2010 that hindi is not the national language of india.
so for india to be spending significant government resources in seeking to promote hindi as a un language has more to do with misplaced hindi chauvinism than with constitutional principle.
it also has little to do with practical efficiency.
six languages have been made official languages at the united nations because a number of countries speak them.
arabic does not have more speakers than hindi, but arabic is spoken as an official language by twenty-two countries, whereas hindi is only used as an official language by one country, india.
but she failed to acknowledge that it is not the official language of any of these countries, and therefore not a means of official communication with any of them.
indian diplomats using hindi at the un would, in other words, be speaking to themselves and to the hindi-speaking portion of their domestic audience.
this narrow, essentially political objective, does not justify expending vast sums of taxpayers money.
if india were to have a prime minister or a foreign minister who prefers to speak hindi (as we do currently), they can do so and we can pay for that speech to be translated at the un.
but that is not the same time as making it an official language.
why should we put our future foreign ministers and prime ministers who may be from tamil nadu or west bengal in a position where they are condemned to be speaking a language they are uncomfortable with, merely because we are paying for it?
the irony is, as i observed earlier, that the hindi chauvinists should realize they were winning the war.
the prevalence of hindi is far greater across india today than it was half a century ago.
the parliament has become a bastion of hindi; you hear the language now twice as often as you hear english, and three times as often as you did in the previous parliament, when stalwarts like pranab mukherjee and p. chidambaram refused to speak anything but english on the floor of the house.
our present prime minister speaks only in hindi, and his ministerial colleagues, with only a handful of exceptions, try to emulate him.
but the inevitable triumph of hindi is not because of mr modis oratory, or mulayam singh yadavs imprecations, or the assiduous efforts of the parliamentary committee on the promotion of hindi.
it is, quite simply, because of bollywood, which has brought a demotic conversational hindi into every indian home.
south indians and northeasterners alike are developing an ease and familiarity with hindi because it is a language in which they are entertained.
in time, this alone will make hindi truly the national language.
but it would become so only because indians freely and voluntarily adopt it, not because some hindi chauvinist in delhi thrusts his language down the throats of the unwilling.
new delhi, march 5: the struggles of the mbbs student who hanged himself at aiims represent the plight of pupils from poor or rural backgrounds propelled into elite institutions insensitive to their special needs, faculty and students said.
anil meena, a 22-year-old tribal student from rural rajasthan, committed suicide in his hostel room on sunday after spending a year at the all india institute of medical sciences, struggling to cope up with lessons in english.
in his final days, according to sections of faculty and students, he tried to reach out to the aiims authorities, questioning an abrupt change in exam rules introduced after he had taken his tests.
it was like changing the rules in the middle of the game, said a senior doctor.
he appeared to have tried to meet the aiims director but was repeatedly turned away by his office, said a faculty member at aiims familiar with details of the case.
anil, the son of a farmer from baran district near kota, had obtained 75 per cent in his class xii exam and had cleared the aiims entrance test through a reserved quota.
his knowledge of biology, chemistry and physics would have helped him clear the entrance test, said a senior faculty member.
but the first-year classes, the practicals and the theory exams would have challenged him, the faculty member said.
faculty and students said aiims had not yet implemented a recommendation made by a government panel five years ago that the institution should introduce remedial coaching for scheduled caste/tribe students to improve their language skills.
were told there are lessons in english for first-year students but they appear to be only on paper.
most students havent heard of this, an intern at aiims said.
ive never seen a faculty member reach out to a student to help with poor language skills, the intern said.
anil failed his first-year exam and took a supplementary exam.
but before the results were out, the aiims authorities abruptly changed the weightage given to internal assessments and the supplementary exam, another medical intern at aiims said.
in the earlier scheme, internal assessment carried 25 per cent weightage and the supplementary exam 75 per cent.
in the new one, both had an equal 50 per cent weightage.
anil spent his final days trying to meet academic faculty, questioning how the exam rules could be changed mid-way, said an aiims faculty member.
this is so tragic, he was desperate to be heard and there was no one to listen to him, he said.
two years ago, another backward-class student in his mbbs final year committed suicide after failing a paper.
these cases shouldnt be seen as caste issues, this could happen to any student from a poor or rural background with poor english language skills, said a junior resident at aiims.
during practical exams, faculty treat all students as equal  without taking into account their backgrounds, said a faculty member.
is this right?
only six weeks before anil committed suicide, politicians and health administrators in the aiims governing body had decided to condone the institutes inaction against faculty members implicated in caste-based discrimination about five years ago.
the national commission for scheduled castes had called for action against the guilty after a government probe had confirmed allegations that sections of backward-class students were ghettoised in hostels, abused, mistreated by some faculty members and denied opportunities in college teams.
the probe also confirmed that the aiims administration did not intervene despite repeated complaints from victimised students.
but the aiims governing body  union health minister ghulam nabi azad and bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj are among its members  accepted during its january 16, 2012, meeting the institutes claim that it was not feasible to take action against the guilty.
according to the minutes of the meeting available with the telegraph, azad pointed out that the institute had overcome the phase of unrest, a congenial atmosphere now prevailed in the institute and most people against whom allegations had been levelled had either retired or left.
a senior faculty member today said that the governing bodys decision and anils suicide were not connected, but both represent insensitivity to discrimination against backward classes or students from rural or poor backgrounds who need special help.
new delhi, july 5: when kerala chief minister oommen chandy today thanked the centre for helping bring 46 trapped nurses back from iraq, he was deliberately underplaying the role of another factor key to ending the crisis: the clout his state enjoys in the gulf.
this factor  privately conceded to the telegraph over the past 24 hours by multiple officials  cannot be officially articulated by either chandy or the foreign office.
but it is this that explains the contrasting emotions of relief at kochi airport where the nurses landed today, and the continuing fear among the families of 39 workers, mostly from punjab and haryana, who remain in militant captivity in iraqs mosul town.
the kerala chief minister is probably also thanking the fact that the (nurses) abduction happened in that part of the world, an official involved with indias iraq evacuation mission said, referring to west asia.
the nurses had been holed up in the tikrit hospital where they worked since the militants overran the city more than three weeks ago.
the foreign office, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, prime minister modi and national security adviser ajit doval played pivotal roles in building emergency alliances across nations and communities to facilitate the nurses release.
but the influence that kerala and the malayali expatriate community wield in west asia  unparalleled in that part of the world among indian communities  coupled with their behind-the-scenes efforts were critical to the rescue efforts.
chandy and his punjab counterpart parkash singh badal have been at the centre of indias efforts to bring back the two largest sets of indians trapped in the iraq conflict zone  the nurses in tikrit and the workers in mosul.
but while badal, in multiple meetings with sushmaswaraj , could only offer information available to the families of the 39 men in mosul, chandy virtually handed to the foreign office a parallel network of negotiators close to the ground.
most west asian countries  saudi arabia, kuwait, qatar, the uae and even iraq  have cultivated deep diplomatic relations with top leaders across keralas political spectrum and bureaucracy.
saudi arabia and the uae plan to open consulates in thiruvananthapuram soon.
their desire for closer ties with kerala stems from the over one million malayali-origin expatriates who work in the arabian gulf, forming the single biggest ethnic chunk of workers in economies dependent on migrant labour.
the kerala government also maintains close ties with malayali businessmen in west asia, including some of the most influential industrialists in that region, such as oman-based realty king p.n.c. menon.
emissaries from chandys government contacted these industrialists to urge them to use their influence with their local governments.
the foreign ministry had till then, in the eyes of sections in kerala, not been responsive enough to the three letters chandy had written to sushmaswaraj in june.
but the parallel negotiation attempts by kerala and the foreign office merged on wednesday when the nurses communicated they had been taken away by islamic state of iraq and syria militants.
with the combined weight of indias traditional diplomatic efforts and the on-the-ground influence of malayali businessmen, governments in west asia that were initially cagey about intervening became more responsive, one official said.
punjab  which boasts similar clout in britain, canada and, to a slightly lesser extent, america  could not match that influence.
two indian sufi clerics who had disappeared in pakistan returned to new delhi on monday but the mystery surrounding the circumstances in which they went missing - and were then found- lingered amid contrasting versions of events emerging on the two sides of the border.
syed asif ali, 82, and his 66-year-old nephew nazim ali nizami met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (in pti picture after the talks).
but while the clerics - who belong to the family that runs delhi's nizamuddin dargah - insisted they were detained over suspicion they were indian agents, pakistani officials claimed they were found in a desolate karachi suburb.
we were taken into custody.
they were wondering if we were raw agents, asif said.
he added that they were not mistreated and were released after pakistani authorities realised they were ordinary sufi clerics.
the clerics were in pakistan to meet asif's sister in karachi, they said.
but a pakistani urdu daily had written about them, questioning their visit and suggesting links to india's raw and the muttahida qaumi movement.
pakistan has often accused exiled mqm leader altaf hussein of receiving funds from india.
the clerics suggested the report may have led to their detention.
new delhi, may 29: four men and a boy have been taken into custody over last thursday's attacks on africans in a south delhi village in the first set of arrests over the assaults in which the victims have alleged a racist motive.
the action came after union home minister rajnath singh spoke to delhi police chief alok verma, whose force had yesterday refused to acknowledge the racist angle behind the attacks on over a dozen africans and claimed they were triggered by loud music and public drinking.
spoke to commissioner of police, delhi regarding the incidents of physical assault against certain african nationals.
such incidents are condemnable, rajnath tweeted.
instructed cp delhi to take strict action against the attackers and increase patrolling in these areas to ensure security of everyone.
an officer identified those arrested as babu, om prakash, ajay and rahul, apart from the juvenile.
we will question them and find out more about what happened and what role they played, he said.
at least seven persons were injured in the attacks that saw local mobs hit the victims with cricket bats, rods and bricks in rajpur khurd village, 5km from qutb minar, barely a week after the street killing of a congolese youth in delhi.
junior foreign minister v.k. singh today accused the media of blowing up the incidents.
had detailed discussions with delhi police and found that media blowing up minor scuffle as attack on african nationals in rajpur khurd.
.
.
why is media doing this?
as responsible citizens let us question them and their motives, he tweeted.
they assured me that the culprits will be arrested soon and a sensitisation campaign will be launched in areas where african nationals reside, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
today, the police facilitated talks between africans living in the area and residents' associations.
the suspects held have been booked for criminal intimidation and assault and face up to seven years in prison if convicted.
the association of african students in india has called a protest in the capital on tuesday.
african diplomats, who had threatened to boycott a government event after last week's street killing of a young congolese in delhi, have rued the authorities' reluctance to accept their nationals' charges of rampant racism in india.
june 7: bengal governor m.k. narayanan today met prime minister narendra modi in delhi for around 45 minutes.
sources said tonight the meeting was a courtesy call.
the term of narayanan, who was briefed earlier this week by a bjp delegation on political violence in bengal, is scheduled to end in january 2015.
sources in delhi said new national security adviser ajit doval also met narayanan, a former national security adviser.
the sources said the border security situation might have figured in the talks since foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is due to visit bangladesh.
patna, jan.
10: patna high court today directed the central government to come out with a specific schedule with regard to completion of work at the jai prakash narayan all india institute of medical sciences at phulwarisharif.
a division bench comprising justice t. meena kumari and justice mihir kumar jha directed the secretary of ministry of health and family welfare to file a detailed reply within three weeks on a petition filed by the secretary of council for protection of public rights and welfare, m. p. gupta.
gupta contended that former vice-president of india bhairon singh shekhawat had laid the foundation of jai prakash narayan all india institute of medical sciences on january 3, 2004, under the pradhan mantri swasthya suraksha yojna scheme.
former union health and family welfare minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had said that the hospital would become operational within two years.
however, till date it has not been completed despite the central governments assurance that the hospital would start functioning by the year 2009.
gupta said: the deadline was again extended to 2010 and now it is 2011 and the work has still no been completed.
gupta said: a pil was filed in the high court seeking expeditious completion of the project when the construction work was not completed within the stipulated time.
he said: after the court order, the state government provided 100 acres of land in phulwarisharif with connecting road, electricity and water connection.
gupta said: the delay in the completion of the hospital is not only adversely affecting the common people who go outside for treatment but also depriving them of better medical facility at a reasonable cost.
even the cost of the hospital project has shot up almost three times from rs 333 crore to rs 883 crore because of the inaction on part of the both central and state government, he said.
tax scam arrestthane, april 8 (pti): sagar thakkar alias shaggy, the alleged mastermind of the internal revenue service call centre scam in which thousands of americans were defrauded of $300 million, was arrested last night after he arrived at mumbai airport following his deportation from dubai.
sagar was on the run since the unearthing of the scam last year.
the scam, which operated since 2013 through at least six thane call centres, targeted at least 15,000 us-based tax payers who were allegedly conned by indian tele-callers.
cji poll rapthiruvananthapuram (pti): chief justice of india j. s. khehar on saturday said poll promises are routinely unfulfilled and parties must be held accountable for this.
tourist attacknew delhi (pti): a german national was allegedly attacked by two men with surgical blades and robbed of his wallet and cellphone in north delhi's kotwali area on friday night.
the two accused have been arrested.
dogs kill manthiruvananthapuram (pti): an 85-year-old man was mauled to death by a pack of stray dogs in a village in thiruvananthapuram district on friday, police said.
kunhikrishnan had left his home at 9am on friday for a hair cut.
family members found his body bitten by stray dogs late at night.
navy museumvisakhapatnam (pti): one of the tu-142m long range maritime patrol aircraft of the indian navy, which was recently de-inducted after 29 years of service, arrived in visakhapatnam on saturday, to be converted into a museum by the andhra pradesh government.
whatsappchandigarh (pti): a court of financial commissioner in haryana headed by ias officer ashok khemka for the first time has ordered serving of summons in a property dispute case through whatsapp to one of the respondents who shifted to kathmandu.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj hugs 12-year-old sonu, who was kidnapped from outside his house in east delhi in 2010 and taken to bangladesh.
sonu was brought back from dhaka on thursday and reunited with his family after the ministry's intervention.
the boy was found in a child rehabilitation centre in jessore and handed over to the indian high commission in dhaka three days ago following a court order.
rajeev ravidasthe bus with the mansarovar pilgrims in gangtok on saturdaygangtok: the first batch of pilgrims bound for kailash mansarovar in tibet left here on saturday for the nathu-la border on way to the himalayan peak considered holy by hindus, jains and buddhists.
the 35 pilgrims had arrived here from delhi on friday and will spend three nights at 15 mile and sherathang, located at 10,400 feet and 13,500 respectively, to get acclimatised to high altitudes before entering china on the fourth day.
during their stay on the border, the pilgrims will be taken for walks and given yoga lessons as part of the acclimatisation exercise.
they will also have to undergo medical tests before entering china.
those who fail the test will not be allowed to continue the 18-day yatra.
this if the fourth year of the yatra.
it had to be abandoned mid-way last year in the wake of the doklam crisis which brought the armies of india and china in an eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation.
the pilgrims had to return from the nathu-la border after the chinese authorities refused them permission to enter tibet.
three of the 35 pilgrims in this year's batch were among those who had to return last year.
i am thankful to prime minister modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for ensuring our pilgrimage to kailash mansarovar.
i am hopeful our yatra will be a success this time, said s. k. gupta from ambala in haryana.
the tour will take the pilgrims to lake mansarovar, located at over 15,000 feet, and mount kailash, at 18,600 feet.
the first batch will return to gangtok on july 1.
the pilgrimage will be conducted in 10 batches this year and continue up to august.
paresh pawar, a retired school principal from faridabad in haryana and part of the group of 35, felt blessed.
i have done the amarnath yatra on 21 occasions to pay my obeisance to lord bholanath (shiva).
it is because of his blessings i am now being able to make a pilgrimage to kailash mansarovar , pawar said.
he praised the arrangements made by the sikkim tourism development corporation for the pilgrims.
c.
p. dhakal, the sikkim tourism secretary, said his department was excited to be part of the yatra and hoped this would also give a boost to tourism in the state.
subhasish chaudhuritehatta: the wife of khokon sikdar from nadia, one of the 39 indians killed in iraq, on wednesday appealed to the centre to bring back the mortal remains of her husband as early as possible.
the family members of khokon, a mason from chitka village in tehatta, also urged the centre to inform them about the exact time and date of the arrival of the coffin.
khokon's wife namita and daughter rita said on wednesday they had received no official communication from the centre about his death.
the families of the 39 indian workers who went missing in mosul, iraq, june 2014 learnt about their death from television after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made a statement in the rajya sabha on tuesday.
when the bjp's district committee (north) president, mahadeb sarkar, led a delegation to khokon's home on wednesday morning, he could not reply to questions raised by namita.
i asked if they could provide any information about the arrival of my husband's remains from iraq as the centre has not contacted us.
but they said they did not know, namita said.
rita added: we just wanted to appeal to the centre through them so that they could inform us about the time of arrival of my father's remains from iraq.
we have waited for four long years hoping my father is alive, based on the assurances of the centre.
we want my father's remains to reach us as early as possible.
two separate teams from the nadia district administration visited the homes of khokon and samar in tehatta and chapra.
however, samar's wife dipali was not at home.
neighbours said dipali left on tuesday evening for her parents' home in hanskhali where her 15-year-old son sudipta and nine-year-old daughter mamoni live.
patna, oct.
1: the route of l.k. advanis rath yatra against corruption from jps birthplace sitab diara on october 11 has been tweaked a little keeping in view the forthcoming elections in uttar pradesh.
the yatra, which was originally scheduled to enter jharkhand from bihar, will now enter uttar pradesh on october 12 keeping in view the two yatras being undertaken by senior bjp leaders rajnath singh and kalraj mishra around the same time.
advanis presence during the yatras of the two leaders would work as a crowd-puller for them.
advaniji would arrive at patna around 7am on october 11 and would fly to sitab diara in a chopper.
he would address the first public meeting at jps birthplace and then his yatra would be flagged off by chief minister nitish kumar, said state bjp president c.p. thakur, adding that sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, too, are expected to be present on the occasion.
right now, it is difficult to say whether or not the rath would be available at sitab diara, keeping in view the floodwaters in the village, thakur said.
advani would address his second meeting in chhapra and return to the state capital the same day.
the former deputy prime minister, who has announced his nationwide yatra against corruption under upa government, would address two public meetings at ara and buxar before entering uttar pradesh via chandauli.
advanis yatra was originally scheduled to enter jharkhand on october 12 through gaya.
now, he will go to jharkhand in the middle of the tour before ending the yatra at delhi on november 20.
our bureaunew delhi: pakistan united parliament - and comments attributed to an indian minister divided the house on wednesday.
the treasury and opposition benches in the lok sabha were unanimous in slamming pakistan for the way the wife and mother of retired naval officer kulbhushan jadhav were treated in islamabad.
but the two sides clashed over junior skill development and entrepreneurship minister anant kumar hegde's recent suggestion in karnataka that the bjp would soon change the constitution to remove the word secular, prompting the government to distance itself from the comment and the opposition to demand his resignation.
prime minister narendra modi has said the constitution framed by (b.r.) ambedkar is a holy book.
the bjp doesn't need to learn secularism from the congress.
they practice pseudo-secularism, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar said when the congress's house leader, mallikarjun kharge, raised the issue and demanded hedge's resignation.
but when shiv sena member arvind sawant raised the jadhav issue, the mood changed briefly and the ruling side as well as the opposition united in condemning pakistan's action.
i support the issue raised by arvind sawant.
the treatment meted out to the mother and wife of kulbhushan jadhav should be condemned.
to ask a hindu lady to take her mangalsutra and shoes off is very ghatia (cheap), trinamul mp saugata roy said.
kharge agreed.
the treatment of the mother and wife is condemnable.
the issue should be discussed in the house and the government should make all efforts to bring back kulbhushan.
we are with the government on this issue, the congress leader said.
all the other parties supported this by thumping desks.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj promised to make a detailed statement in the lok sabha on thursday.
soon, however, the congress members raised hegde's comments and rushed to the well demanding his resignation, prompting the speaker to adjourn the house.
hegde's remarks rocked the rajya sabha too.
in the upper house, junior parliamentary affairs minister vijay goel said: we do not agree (with hegde's comments).
.
.
.
i want to assure the house that our government is fully committed to the constitution.
he has no right to be a minister, he has no right to be a member of parliament, ghulam nabi azad of the congress said.
trinamul's sukhendu shekhar roy spoke on the same lines.
new delhi, sept.
14: india and afghanistan today agreed to deepen defence and security cooperation during key talks between prime minister narendra modi and afghan president ashraf ghani amid a growing convergence between the nations over their ties with pakistan.
the meeting between modi and ghani, on a brief visit to new delhi, yielded a commitment from india to try and provide afghanistan a fresh list of military equipment to fight the taliban and pakistan-backed groups like the haqqani network, senior officials confirmed to the telegraph .
in public, neither side spelled out details of their defence discussions today, at least in part precisely to avoid giving pakistan or terror organisations active in afghanistan any heads up on new capabilities the afghan national army might acquire.
but both in a joint statement issued by the two leaders after their talks, and in an address by ghani to a think tank in the evening, pakistan emerged as the principal recipient of criticism for allowing terrorists to target india and afghanistan from its soil.
making a distinction between good terrorists and bad terrorists is an approach extremely short-sighted, ghani said in his address to the institute for defence studies and analyses here.
terrorism will bite like a snake.
during their talks, modi committed a fresh $1bn grant to afghanistan for capacity building in education, health, agriculture, skill development, energy and infrastructure.
the two countries, officials said, plan to try and convince airlines to increase connectivity between their cities - not just for passengers, but also cargo, especially medicines from india for afghanistan.
both india and afghanistan accused pakistan of blocking not just trade between them by road - but also humanitarian assistance.
india had committed 1.
7 lakh tonnes of wheat to the drought-stricken afghanistan at least six months back, and had approached pakistan for permission to truck the grains through its territory.
but we still haven't heard back from pakistan (on our request), foreign secretary s. jaishankar said.
ghani accused pakistan of blocking two great nations (india and afghanistan) from trading, before arguing that the trilateral agreement signed in june between new delhi, tehran and kabul for the use of chabahar port in iran would nullify islamabad's attempts.
afghanistan is at the crossroads - it is no longer land-locked.
those who block us will be blocked, he said.
but security - in particular the shared perception of a terrorist threat from pakistan - was the centrepiece of the talks between modi and ghani today, jaishankar said.
india had traditionally been reluctant to hand over military equipment to afghanistan, worried that such a move might ratchet up tensions with pakistan.
but, over the past year, india has gifted afghanistan mi-27 helicopters for fighting the taliban and other pakistan-backed terrorist groups.
stressing that elimination of all forms of terrorism, without any discrimination, is essential, they called upon the concerned to put an end to all sponsorship, support, safe havens and sanctuaries to terrorists, including for those who target afghanistan and india, the joint statement issued by modi and ghani said.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will soon meet her afghan counterpart to detail a roadmap for enhanced strategic cooperation between the nations, officials said.
ghani also articulated concerns over human rights violations within pakistan, though this was not a subject specifically discussed at the meeting with modi, according to jaishankar.
there is a war in pakistan that the media doesn't speak about - there are 207,000 pakistani forces in khyber pakhtunkhwa and balochistan, ghani said.
this violence needs coverage and understanding and needs to be stopped.
but he made clear afghanistan would not allow its territory to be used to destabilise pakistan, when asked if his government supported independence for balochistan.
pakistan is a revisionist state, ghani said.
every defeat is celebrated as a victory.
a man plays the bagpipes during the short walk to freedom march in edinburgh on thursday.
(reuters) new delhi, sept.
16: india is quietly hoping scotland does not break away from the uk but is though it will not openly articulating its stance on todays referendum, its worries about a separation rooted in the implications for kashmir and the countrys northeast.
an independent scotland  some distance away even if the region votes yes in its referendum  will be rich in resources yet craving foreign investments, and india is keen not to alienate its leaders and people by publicly picking sides.
but indias strategic establishment will closely watch the vote count tomorrow, worried that it could inspire similar demands from parts of the country where sections have argued for greater autonomy  and at times, independence  senior officials said.
if its a yes vote for independence, and the british government delivers on its promise of a smooth transition, were expecting renewed calls for azaadi in kashmir, an official said.
but the peaceful referendum, irrespective of its outcome, by suggesting secession as a solution to grievances, is itself fundamentally a problem from our perspective, the official added.
india has long held a foreign policy view of respecting the unity and integrity of other nation states.
that position is officially driven by indias refusal to support any interference by a country in the internal affairs of another  except if mandated by the un.
but new delhi is also guided by its constant watch against pakistan-propped terror and insurgency outfits that have tried to pluck kashmir out of indias grasp, and silent support by china to some northeast separatist groups.
those worries inadvertently spilled out publicly last week when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was caught unawares about the scotland referendum.
scotlands referendum?
a break-up of the uk?
god forbid.
i dont think any such possibility exists at the moment, she added.
after a few words whispered by foreign secretary sujatha singh, sushmaswaraj recovered and said: the people of scotland have to decide for themselves.
that unease over secessionist movements has also marked indias response to the battle over eastern ukraine between pro-russia separatists and the government in kiev, and to russias annexation of crimea.
till the annexation, india was quiet, aware that publicly stating its policy would be viewed as antagonistic to russia, one of its closest allies.
once crimea was with russia, india said moscow had legitimate interests in the peninsular region, but that all nations must respect the unity and integrity of ukraine.
in contrast, the proponents of scottish independence are solely domestic  the scottish national party is leading the yes vote  and there is no nation other than the uk trying to claim the region.
an independent scotland will create negligible additional strategic threats for the uk.
those differences will be understood in kashmir and even more so in parts of the northeast where separatist movements remain active, experts said.
those differences may not stop political demands mimicking scotland, especially in kashmir, because the referendum will coincide with local anger and frustration over the recent floods and the upcoming elections, even if they are postponed by a few months.
they love the word referendum, it always stirs up excitement in kashmir, navnita chadha behera, delhi university political science professor who specialises in kashmir and south asia, told the telegraph.
there are already sentiments against the government, local and national, over flood relief and there are elections coming up, even if they are postponed by six months.
referendum as a slogan sells electorally, behera said.
the scotland referendum could trigger street-level mobilisation by separatist groups leading to increased instances of stone-pelting and sloganeering.
behera recalled how when the soviet union had disintegrated in the early 1990s, for instance, kashmiri pro-separatist youth had cried: today its them, tomorrow its us.
yet, unlike the 1990s, kashmir, is today more inward looking and was relatively unaffected by movements like the arab spring that many had expected would resonate in the state, experts said.
the political parties that participate in elections in kashmir, including the peoples democratic party, also do not seek any territorial separation, merely greater self-rule.
thats why, i expect the scotland referendum may serve as a bargaining chip to seek greater self-rule, and more devolution of powers, the du professor said.
but a lot, behera added, will depend on the assembly elections and how the state votes.
if the vote is communally divided, with jammu and ladakh voting one way and the valley another, well be talking about a far more complex, polarised atmosphere where scotland will be the least point of reference.
separatists view kashmiri separatist leaders have seized on scotlands referendum to demand that india follow through on a promise to grant a similar vote in the valley.
separatist leader mirwaiz umar farooq said the scottish referendum was an example of how kashmiris demands for a say on their future could be solved peacefully.
we hope india will also change its approach and realise the fact that peoples rights cant be trampled upon, farooq said yesterday.
it is encouraging that in a peaceful manner people will be deciding their future, he said.
kashmir has been divided between india and pakistan since a war after independence from britain in 1947, and the two nuclear-armed neighbours have fought two of their three wars over the territory.
another separatist leader, syed ali shah geelani, praised the uk for giving scotland the vote, adding that london should now put pressure on india to grant kashmiris a referendum.
india should learn lessons from the uk and honour its commitment of granting right to self-determination to people of kashmir, geelani said.
new delhi, sept.
14: after the 100-day scanner, narendra modis ministers face a test of 140 characters.
on instructions from the prime ministers office, the information and broadcasting ministry has sent it details such as which ministers have twitter and facebook accounts and how many followers each has, sources said.
it has also sent a general overview of the public feedback to these accounts.
the prime minister, apparently, wants to assess these ministers social media performance close on the heels of getting some of them to project their achievements in their first 100 days in office, an official said.
when he reads the report, modi may not be too happy.
the prime minister, who has nearly 2 crore facebook likes and is among the five most-followed world leaders on twitter with 63 lakh followers, has been goading his colleagues to follow his example.
he has organised workshops for ministers, lawmakers and bureaucrats and allowed twitter unprecedented access to his administration to try and put the social media at the heart of his government.
he has advised mps to stay far away from the news media and try to master the social media to handle controversies and to communicate and interact with people.
still, sources said, hardly 20 of his 44 ministers have verified twitter accounts.
within days of taking charge, i&b minister prakash javadekar, on the prime ministers instructions, had written to all the ministers urging them to use the social media to build the governments image and connect with the masses, a source said.
but only 20 ministers have verified twitter accounts and their overall presence on facebook is poorer.
the pmo would definitely have been expecting a better report.
one of the better performers is foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, a distant second in the government with 15 lakh followers, the official said.
human resource development minister smriti irani is third, followed by finance minister arun jaitley.
javadekar himself has a reputation for generating a lot of content and responding to peoples queries and comments.
however, some of the ministers twitter profiles appear to betray their lack of ease with the platform despite having a large number of followers.
jaitley and home minister rajnath singh, for example, have less than 800 tweets to their credit.
some ministers are reluctant to use the web platforms apparently because they believe that their constituents are not netizens.
when a minister is from a rural background and does not understand the medium, he does not take it seriously, an aide to a minister of state said.
its difficult to convince them to use it, but slowly they are realising its power and will eventually join the platforms.
sometimes, though, the informality that the social media encourages can backfire.
jaitley had published a message celebrating world ufo day on his facebook page on july 2, angering many who considered the message frivolous in the run-up to the union budget with its threat of tough measures.
this day is celebrated to raise awareness about the existence of ufos (sic) and with that intelligent beings from outer space, said the post, which was followed by jaitleys name and included a depiction of a flying saucer in a wheat field.
as critical comments poured in, the post was deleted after a few hours.
sir fm, today we the people of india are celebrating the price hike day instead of ufo day, one comment said.
new delhi, aug.
30: sushmaswaraj swaraj has opposed meira kumars decision to extend the term of lok sabha secretary-general t.k. vishwanathan by a year, opening a new front against the speaker in the monsoon session.
leader of opposition sushmaswaraj wrote a letter to meira today, protesting the extension for three reasons.
quoting procedures, she said no formal meeting had been held between leader of lok sabha pranab mukherjee, the speaker and herself.
having one-on-one talks is no substitute for a formal sitting.
such a sitting was absolutely necessary, she said.
sushmas second objection was that the speaker had repeatedly overlooked the claims of lok sabha secretariat officials for the post.
vishwanathan, a former bureaucrat, was brought in by meira after he retired.
her last and most serious argument was that vishwanathans conduct and temperament were unbecoming of the office he held.
meira told reporters: it is unethical to comment on a letter i have just received.
sources close to her, however, maintained she had exercised her discretionary powers in the absence of a clear rule on extensions.
sushma was unavailable for comment.
she has said whatever had to be said in the missive.
theres nothing more to add, an aide said.
parliament officials were ambivalent in their interpretation of service norms governing extensions.
none was willing to be quoted.
but a serving official said the speakers prerogative was final.
a former official contested the view, saying the speaker might have been well advised to formally seek sushmaswaraj and mukherjees opinions since every extension amounted to a fresh appointment in a tenurial post speakers in the past, the official said, completed the procedure each time they gave an extension to the secretary-general, who heads the lok sabha secretariat.
in the absence of a rule, some rule will have to be followed.
therefore, one should hark back to the one relating to making a fresh appointment.
in this case, an extension should be treated on a par with a fresh appointment.
sushmas relations with meira were stressed in the monsoon session despite her having earlier celebrated the spirit of sisterhood between the three women occupying the most powerful offices in parliament: herself, the speaker and sonia gandhi, who heads the congress parliamentary party.
almost a year ago, sushmaswaraj made an issue of vishwanathans appointment when she was formally consulted by meira.
she said a serving member of the lok sabha secretariat would have befitted the post but since the speaker found no one else deserving, she ought to bear sushmas suggestion in mind when she searched for a successor.
but this episode did not impact their relations.
however, on august 5, when sushmaswaraj introduced a calling attention motion on telangana, tensions spilled over.
although home minister p. chidambaram and andhra congress mps interrupted while sushmaswaraj spoke, the speaker asked her to conclude in 10 minutes.
sushma protested, saying she had only just begun.
meira told her this was a calling attention and not a debate and she should raise her main points and stop.
chidambaram endorsed the speakers interjection.
a miffed sushmaswaraj later let it be known that she was unfairly treated by the speaker.
on august 6, the speaker sent a message to sushmaswaraj , seeking an audience with her.
nobody could confirm if they met to call a cease-fire.
on august 27, when the lok sabha sat to debate lokpal bill issues, it was apparent the hostilities had not ceased.
sushma virtually questioned the speakers decision to grant rahul gandhi time in excess of what is allowed during zero hour the previous day.
ahluwalia at his delhi residence on thursday.
picture by ramakant kushwaha new delhi, april 19: the bjp today decided to re-nominate s.s. ahluwalia to the rajya sabha from jharkhand, after maintaining for over a month that it will not field a candidate of its own from the state.
ahluwalia had represented jharkhand in the upper house till his tenure ended last month but he was denied a berth in the march 30 polls, countermanded following alleged bribe offers.
the renomination decision was taken at an informal meeting of bjp leaders last evening.
party president nitin gadkari, seen as the force behind the initial denial, informed ahluwalia this morning.
i dont know what circumstances prompted the leadership to renominate me, ahluwalia told the telegraph, adding that he did not know yet when he would file his nomination papers for the polls now slated for may 3.
a bjp release issued by general secretary ananth kumar said ahluwalias candidacy had been recommended by jharkhand leaders.
chief minister (arjun munda) was keen that we give the election a shot, a central bjp source said.
but a jharkhand party source stressed that it was the delhi bosses who were keen on staking the partys claim to the rajya sabha seat as the state leaders had reconciled themselves to backing sanjeev kumar, ally jmms candidate, for a second time.
it is learnt that no central bjp leader spoke to the jmm but a central leader suggested that would not be a problem.
we will speak to shibu soren (the jmm chief) shortly.
our state leaders informally sounded him out, he said.
ahluwalia claimed, however, that the jmm had not yet declared its nominee and expressed hope of convincing the partner.
i have good relations with soren saheb and i will definitely speak to him.
the sanjeev kumar chapter has been left behind.
ahluwalia, who had not concealed his bitterness at not being renominated the first time, has reportedly been told by gadkari to do his best to persuade the jmm to withdraw its nominee.
he (ahluwalia) sounded confident of making it, a source said.
sources said gadkari was left with no choice but to greenlight ahluwalias candidacy after the anshuman mishra fiasco left the bjp chief red-faced.
in the bjps internal sweepstakes, sources said ahluwalias re-entry was a victory of sorts for sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha.
they said her patronage of ahluwalia, who was the partys deputy rajya sabha leader, was not to gadkaris liking because he saw in their coalition the emergence of a challenge to his authority.
hardeep singh puri, strasbourg, 2011 for the prime minister, narendra modi, balochistan is not a flash in the pan.
the articulation of indian concerns, stakes and interests in balochistan is part of a pattern in his government's evolving foreign policy after two and a quarter years in office.
balochistan is not the only conflict zone that the national democratic alliance government is wading into.
ending a hands-off policy that has been in place for several years now, india is on the threshold of a significant re-engagement with syria, iraq and lebanon: the first two of these three countries have a huge reservoir of goodwill for new delhi.
in the days following modi's public pronouncements on balochistan from the red fort, two things happened in the national capital, which promise to facilitate a greater role for india in the levant region.
first, modi sent his new minister of state for external affairs, m.j. akbar, to syria, iraq and lebanon, ending a long hiatus in high-level visits to these countries from new delhi.
second, an indian diplomat who played a critical role behind the scenes as rotational president of the united nations security council in 2011 and in 2012 and helped in preventing a full-scale war in syria - unlike in iraq in 2003 or in libya in the earlier months of the arab spring - published his insider's account of the deliberations on the levant at the world's diplomatic high table.
indians will hear more about hardeep singh puri's assessments in the book, perilous interventions: the security council and the politics of chaos, on september 7, when the vice president, hamid ansari, releases the book and the finance minister, arun jaitley, speaks about those eventful two years for indian diplomacy because of new delhi's membership of the security council after a gap of nearly two decades.
ansari was puri's predecessor several times removed, of course, as permanent representative to the united nations in new york.
jaitley was leader in the rajya sabha of an opposition that opposed the then united progressive alliance government's votes in the security council on libya and syria.
therefore, some heat - but also a lot of light - can be expected during the launch of the book at the vice president's official residence.
akbar's visit, although understated in its public profile, has filled a huge vacuum in indian foreign policy.
the upa government's neglect of the levant was so inexplicable, yet so glaring, that when vikas swarup, the spokesman of the ministry of external affairs, announced the trip, he could not remember when an indian minister had last visited the three regional powers in question, although syria, iraq or lebanon are on top of every international television news bulletin the world over.
read this exchange at swarup's briefing.
he was at his defensive best: question: you know these visits, the visits [to be] made by the minister of state mr. akbar to these three countries are coming after long time, i.
e.
a high level visit to these countries.
can you tell us when was the last high level visit by an indian leader to each of these three countries?
answer: i do not have that information available straightaway, but i would also like to re-emphasize that we have embassies in all three places.
the cooperation and dialogue has been continuing.
in fact mr. walid muallem, the foreign minister of syria visited india in january this year and met the external affairs minister.
so it's not that we have completely neglected this region or we have not kept high-level contact.
.
.
i can certainly look up when was the last top level visit to this region conducted.
the spokesman is telling the truth, but not the whole truth.
the embassies exist on paper, of course.
in damascus, for example, an outstanding ambassador, v.p. haran, who was sought after extensively for his comprehensive understanding of syria, was posted out to thimphu on november 30, 2012.
the embassy was thereafter without an ambassador for full three years when the world changed for the worse and syria was the pivot of that change.
swarup was truthful that leaders from the levant, including syria's foreign minister, have been descending on new delhi with one-sided regularity.
but the question was about high-level indian visits in the opposite direction.
the spokesman could not answer because there has been none for many years until modi decided that akbar should go there.
when walid muallem was in new delhi in january, he offered to share syrian intelligence on the islamic state with indian officials.
since then, high-level operatives of syria's very efficient and tightly-run intelligence machine have been in india and briefed indians on what is clearly an emerging, but often overlooked, threat to this country.
syrians believe that radical political islam of the daesh variety will be eventually wiped out from their midst when it will shift its focus on countries like india and indonesia with millions of potential recruits because of their high muslim populations.
china has intensified intelligence cooperation with syria recently after discovering that 3,000 disaffected uighurs have been taken by islamic militants to syria and accommodated near the border with turkey with a turkik minority.
the intention, according to sources in damascus, is to train these uighurs as armed rebels to be sent back to the restive xinjiang autonomous region.
akbar's discussions with bouthaina shaaban, the adviser to the syrian president, and the national security adviser, ali mamlouk, were on parallel lines to protect indian national security.
that the entire syrian leadership from president bashar al-assad to the vice foreign minister, faisal mekdad, rolled out the red carpet for the indian minister was proof that damascus is sensitive to new delhi shifting from a hitherto reactive policy in the region to a proactive role.
the tenor of akbar's talks in the three countries reflected a realization within the modi government that with turkey caught up in its post-coup turmoil and shifting alliances in the levant, assad is there to stay for the foreseeable future with implications for iraq, iran and lebanon.
muallem had responded positively in january to the entreaties of the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, to help locate 39 abducted indians in iraq and free them.
akbar followed up on that issue in baghdad and damascus.
a decision in principle by the state-run bharat heavy electricals limited to return to tishreen to complete a 300-million euro power project and by apollo international to finish work on a 25-million euro steel plant in hama reflected business confidence that the worst is over for syria and that india should not lose out on future reconstruction as it did in iraq after the 2003 war.
this columnist has been informed that the prime minister received a pre-publication copy of hardeep puri's book and discussed it with his aides as an input into his policy shifts.
at a time of deeply divisive politics in india, the book's anecdotes on how diplomacy is made to work at the un under seemingly hopeless circumstances are applicable to domestic political discourse.
puri's account of how he reconciled the intractable positions of security council members on syria during his first-term presidency of the council holds valuable lessons for both modi and the congress president, sonia gandhi, on how to take the country forward if they seriously consider the un model.
within three days of becoming president of the security council in august 2011, after burning a lot of midnight oil in backroom consultations, puri was able to produce a presidential statement at the 6,598th meeting of the council.
since the syrian unrest began five years ago, it remains, to this day, the only viable basis for peace in the war-torn country.
but the problem was that lebanon, then an elected member of the council, did not agree with puri's presidential statement.
a compromise was then worked out.
puri would make his statement, which would officially make it a un peace call.
then the lebanese would take the floor and disagree with the presidential statement.
puri writes in his book, since the dissociation statement was made after the [presidential] statement had been adopted by the council, the lebanese statement was [merely] entered into the record of the council's proceedings.
a stunning example of how the un is made to work when there is a will, and a willingness, to compromise.
debraj deb and our calcutta bureaubiplab kumar deb in agartala on monday.
(pti)agartala: tripura chief minister biplab kumar deb has suggested that gautam buddha had walked on foot across india, burma, japan, tibet and other countries.
we are celebrating buddha jayanti here.
gautam buddha preached the message of peace, unity and solidarity, walking on foot across india, burma, japan, tibet and other countries.
india is a land where a king becomes a monk and preaches peace across the world.
it speaks about the great indian tradition and culture.
i respect that tradition.
i pray that everyone can live together in peace, harmony and embrace the lessons of gautam buddha, deb said.
the chief minister made the appeal to mark buddha purnima.
while buddha's message did reach the far east, historians expressed doubts whether he had walked as far as the chief minister has indicated.
buddha didn't travel to either of these countries during his lifetime.
buddhism spread to these places much later through other people, said subhas ranjan chakraborty, a former professor of history at the erstwhile presidency college in calcutta.
however, according to tripura additional secretary milind ramteke, the chief minister had said, lord buddha gave his message of peace and prosperity on foot in the then bharat varsha which (message of peace and prosperity) has reached today's burma, japan, tibet.
the speech of the hon'ble chief minister is entirely correct from the historical point of view.
it is clear that the speech of the hon'ble chief minister of tripura is misinterpreted by your newspaper.
deb has landed in several controversies through his remarks, including a claim on the use of the internet and satellite during the mahabharata era and a comment that the 1997 miss world, diana hayden, was not worthy of being crowned a beauty queen.
although deb later regretted the comment on hayden, controversies continue to hound him.
he went on to claim that civil engineers should join the civil services but not mechanical engineers.
he asked unemployed youths to earn money by milking cows and rearing pigs and poultry instead of running after government jobs.
on monday, ramteke said deb's meeting in new delhi on may 2 was a pre-scheduled one.
the trip has yet to be finalised, he said.
he was responding to reports that said deb was summoned by prime minister narendra modi and bjp president amit shah to delhi in the wake of his controversial comments.
an official told reporters that deb had received an invitation to attend an event preceding mahatma gandhi's 150th birth anniversary that will be celebrated for a year.
there is an event on may 2.
the chief minister is scheduled to attend it along with all other chief ministers of the country.
the invitation letter arrived a month back, the official said.
deb was also invited to a meeting in new delhi on may 4 with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
it will be attended by the chief ministers of the northeastern states, an official in the chief minister's office said.
anita joshua and basant kumar mohantysushma swaraj.
(prem singh)new delhi: the centre on tuesday declared dead the 39 indians who were missing in iraq since june 2014 but the announcement aimed at providing closure to their families split open festering wounds and threw up the question whether the government knowingly raised false hopes.
as many as 27 of the dead were from punjab, five from bihar, four from himachal and two from bengal.
one question kept bouncing back through the day, revolving around a perception that foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had kept the hopes of the families alive.
but several families suggested the minister painted a far more positive picture when they had met her.
the brother of a victim from bihar said he had met sushmaswaraj as many as eight times and every time he was told all the 39 hostages were alive.
near-identical statements by other families have brought the official version under strain, made starker on the tragic day by a perception of grandstanding by a government that has often been accused of being obsessed with image management.
sushma was dealing with a difficult situation in a land that was ravaged by the barbaric is but the government's penchant for turning every issue into an event and fish for credit appeared to have compounded the sense of letdown among the families.
the minister made the announcement in the rajya sabha, which meant several families came to know from tv the fate of their relatives.
the timing appeared to have been forced upon the government by word from baghdad that the martyrs foundation of iraq, which was conducting the dna tests, would hold a news conference on tuesday at 1.
30pm indian time.
but the cpm's mohammad salim pointed out that the rules mandated that only policy issues needed to be announced in parliament first if it was in session.
the is massacre was not a policy matter.
sushma ran into rough weather in the lok sabha with the congress raising slogans.
at a media conference three hours later, she spent a considerable amount of time attacking the congress for playing politics over bodies.
by then, several family members had wanted to know why the minister had repeatedly assured them that the missing indians were alive.
some claimed the minister had given them specific locations of the relatives' whereabouts whenever they met her.
several questions are still unanswered.
we have not been able to establish when they were killed.
in any case, whenever they may have been killed, their bodies could have been discovered only after mosul was freed from the isis.
in keeping with the government's disposition to milk every issue to the last drop, sushmaswaraj found it pertinent to mention that singh and others had to sleep on the floor of a small house during the search.
it was not falsehood but a tireless effort, the kind of effort that has never been made in this country, the minister claimed, although e. ahamed, who was junior foreign minister in the upa government, had used his contacts in the gulf to secure the release of three indian truckers who had been kidnapped in iraq in 2004.
new delhi, sept 8: the supreme court today sought the centres view on italys plea to permit one of the two marines accused of killing two kerala fishermen in 2012 to return home for health reasons.
massimiliano latorre, who has been staying at the italian embassy in new delhi with co-accused salvatore girone as the duo await trial, was hospitalised recently with a brain stroke.
the external affairs ministry today said it would not oppose the marines petition.
on humanitarian grounds, we will not challenge that petition, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said.
if the supreme court accepts the petition, we are okay with it.
senior counsel k.t.s. tulsi appearing for the italian government told a bench of chief justice r.m. lodha, and justices kurien joseph and r.f. nariman that latorre suffered a brain stoke on august 31 and needed medical treatment.
he pleaded that the marine be permitted to return home for adequate treatment and emotional support from his wife and family members.
additional solicitor-general p.s. narasimha has sought time till friday to file his response to the plea.
latorre and girone have been held in india since allegedly shooting to death two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in february 2012 off the kerala coast in an incident that sparked diplomatic tensions between new delhi and rome.
the marines, deployed on the italian-flagged oil tanker mt enrica lexie, have said they mistook the fishermen for pirates.
the foreign offices decision to allow the marine to return to italy signals a thaw in the taut relations between new delhi and rome since the shooting.
new delhi, dec.
8: narendra modi faces a temple test - in russia.
a soured temple-for-church exchange pact between new delhi and moscow has added an unlikely edge to the prime minister's scheduled talks with russian president vladimir putin here on thursday.
india will demand that russia offer permanent land for a temple in moscow after the city's sole hindu shrine was demolished last december despite a deal between putin and modi's predecessor manmohan singh to save it, senior officials confirmed to the telegraph.
the agreement, reached after singh's moscow visit last october, involved india clearing the construction of a russian orthodox church in the heart of lutyens delhi in exchange for moscow allowing the international society for krishna consciousness (iskcon) temple to stay.
but while india facilitated the erection of the church that now stands in the russian embassy's cultural centre, 1km from parliament, moscow civic authorities demolished the iskcon temple.
putin will arrive here on wednesday evening and hold talks with modi on thursday morning.
among the niggles modi will want to iron out with putin are moscow's failure to implement the shrine deal, russia's recent defence pact with pakistan and a malfunctioning nuclear reactor it supplied to the kudankulam plant.
we feel cheated, quite frankly, because we pushed for the deal only to find we've been short-changed, radharaman das, the calcutta-based general manager of iskcon, told this newspaper over the phone.
now we're hoping prime minister modi follows through on his promise.
modi's promise came at a lok sabha election rally in assam in february.
we have a responsibility towards hindus who are harassed and suffer in other countries, he had said, referring at the time to bangladeshi hindus.
iskcon, in a petition to modi ahead of putin's visit, has prominently cited that statement to remind the prime minister of his pledge to support hindus outside india.
that isn't the only reminder the sect, which boasts over 100,000 native russian followers, is serving in hectic lobbying with government leaders ahead of the putin visit.
modi had himself visited the first iskcon temple in moscow's begovaya neighbourhood in 2001, soon after he had become gujarat chief minister, the group told foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a recent presentation.
moscow razed the iskcon temple twice.
first, the begovaya temple was demolished in 2004 after moscow authorities gave iskcon land in another neighbourhood, dynamo.
later in 2007, the group was told to shift to a permanent plot near the city's sheremetyeko international airport.
they did and built a temple, only to be told in 2011 they would need to shift again by late 2013.
that's when we hit upon this idea of a quid pro quo, an indian diplomat said.
we kept our end of the bargain; they didn't.
the foreign office is miffed, the official said, with russia for embarrassing it by reneging on its promise.
but a russian official argued that moscow hadn't backtracked on the deal - it was just struggling to find a location for the temple that would be acceptable to the local population.
the loud sounds from the temple aren't acceptable to all - that's a problem, the official said.
indias outreach to nepal in recent days has hit all the right notes.
it has managed to capture the imagination of nepalese people and politicians alike.
the recent visits of the indian prime minister, narendra modi, and the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, to nepal were an important opportunity to recalibrate indo-nepalese ties and they have succeeded in doing precisely that.
modis visit to nepal in early august was the first bilateral visit to nepal by an indian prime minister in 17 years, an example of negligence that is as disconcerting as it is incomprehensible.
nepalese polity, cutting across party lines, had welcomed the assumption of power by modi, with most expressing hope that nepal would be a beneficiary of modis developmental agenda.
and modi has reached out to that country promptly as a sign that he is serious about prioritizing indias south asia policy.
nepal, too, reached out to modi in an unprecedented manner  the prime minister of nepal, sushil koirala, breaking protocol and receiving modi at the airport, giving modi a 19-gun salute on his arrival, the nepalese parliament inviting modi for an address, the first by a foreign head of state to that body after 1990, with the people of nepal giving him a rousing public welcome.
modis speech at the nepalese parliament was a graceful reflection on the trials and turbulence that have shaped indo-nepalese ties over the last few years with a promise of a change of course in the coming years.
although the signing of the power trade agreement was deferred, modi concluded three memoranda of understanding.
these included one on the 5600-mw pancheshwar project, the first report of which was drafted by india as far back as 2002.
the other two were a rs 69 million grant to nepal for the supply of iodized salt and cooperation between nepal television and doordarshan.
modi announced a 10,000 crore (nepalese rupees) line of concessional credit to nepal.
most significantly, modi has promised prompt implementation of indian projects in nepal, a cause of needless irritation in this bilateral relationship as delay is seen as symptomatic of indias lack of seriousness by most nepalese people.
the groundwork for modis visit was done during sushmaswaraj swarajs visit a few days earlier, when she managed to convey the right message by settling a long-pending issue.
that is, she promised a review of the 1950 treaty of peace and friendship within two years, on the basis of recommendations from a group of eminent persons from both countries.
she also co-chaired the nepal-india joint commission that met after a gap of 23 years, and reviewed bilateral ties as a whole.
the modi government now has an opportunity to reshape the contours of new delhis relations with kathmandu and it should lose no time in doing that, especially as india seems to be losing ground in nepal to china.
a yam between two rocks was how the founder of nepal, prithvi narayan shah, described the himalayan kingdom, underlining the pivotal geo-strategic location of nepal, land-locked between china and india.
in 1955, nepal established diplomatic relations with china, recognizing tibet as part of china in 1956.
since the mid-19th century, tibet, rather than nepal, had served as indias buffer with china.
the role of this buffer passed on to nepal after the chinese annexation of tibet.
it became imperative for new delhi to deny china direct access to nepal because of the vulnerability of indias gangetic plain containing critical human and economic resources.
for china, the growing influence of india had grave implications for its security, especially as regards tibet.
thus, preserving the balance of power in southern asia in its favour and securing nepals active co-operation to prevent its rivals use of the country for anti-chinese activities became principal strategic objectives of beijings nepal policy.
the 1950 treaty of peace and friendship between india and nepal enshrined the close relationship between the two nations (including close co-operation on trade, transit, defence and foreign affairs) and constrained chinese options vis--vis nepal.
as chinas economic and political profile rose, it gradually began to increase its influence in nepal, and kathmandu, wanting to counterbalance india, was keen to leverage china in its dealings with new delhi.
by supporting nepals position during most disputes between that country and india, china was able to project itself as a benevolent power compared to india with its supercilious attitude towards its smaller neighbours.
nepal signed an arms pact and a secret intelligence-sharing agreement with china in 1988 which elicited strong reaction from new delhi, leading to the imposition of an economic blockade on nepal in 1989-90.
in spite of this, sino-nepal ties continued to evolve with nepal importing chinese weaponry and cultivating extensive military co-operation in a move to reduce dependence on india.
chinas interests and presence in nepal now go far beyond the tibet issue.
china is projecting its soft power in nepal by setting up china study centres to promote chinese values among a nepalese populace that is otherwise tied culturally to india.
these centres are emerging as effective instruments in promoting chinese perspectives on key issues concerning nepal.
china is constructing a 770-kilometre railway line to connect the tibetan capital of lhasa with the nepalese town of khasa, a move that would connect nepal to chinas national rail network.
china is also constructing a 17-km road through the himalayas linking tibet to the nepalese town of syabru besi, which will not only connect tibet to nepal but, when completed, will also facilitate the first direct chinese land route to new delhi.
china views nepal as a vital bridge to south asia.
it plans to extend the railway line from lhasa to shigatse, tibets second-largest city, to as far as kathmandu, and to build a new airport at pokhara, nepal.
by projecting india as a factor of instability and an undue beneficiary of nepals resources, china has used nepalese sensitivities vis--vis indian influence to good effect, thereby further undercutting indian influence in kathmandu.
indias overwhelming presence remains a source of resentment towards india in nepal.
china appears attractive because it can claim that, unlike india, it is not interested in the internal affairs of nepal.
china has demanded from the nepalese government that it be given the same privilege as india in identifying the projects in need and in channelling funds through district bodies without going through the government.
with the drafting of a new constitution stalling in nepal, and political and economic instability causing more uncertainty, india is viewed as being part of the problem as it is seen as being too involved in nepals domestic politics.
the political uncertainty in nepal has fuelled anti-indian sentiments and allowed china to enlarge its presence, with beijing even offering lawmakers financial assistance in drafting the new constitution.
the himalayan kingdom is going through a crisis and india is being blamed for pulling strings from behind the scenes.
it is this insecurity that china has been able to exploit in nepal to serve its own interests  a trend that is likely to persist in the near future.
the modi government has shown a willingness to treat nepal as an equal sovereign state by showing an interest to explore the possibility of a transparent review of the 1950 treaty of peace and friendship and joint developmental projects in the realm of energy and infrastructure.
it will now have to prove that this is not a fleeting interest in nepal and that modis visit is just a beginning.
our special correspondentnew delhi: india and the maldives met at the foreign minister-level on thursday for the first time since the atoll nation signed a free-trade agreement (fta) with china, forcing new delhi to remind male of its stated india first policy.
sent as the special envoy of maldives president abdulla yameen, foreign minister mohamed asim met his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj and also called on prime minister narendra modi.
asim invited modi to visit the maldives, the only saarc country the prime minister has not gone to yet.
separate statements were issued on the two meetings, with india underlining its commitment to its neighbourhood first policy and male reciprocating with a reiteration of its india first policy.
but neither statement mentioned a possible fta between the two countries.
the statements said the discussions centred around strengthening the development partnership and enhancing defence and security cooperation.
while india has been nursing a grievance against the maldives for signing an fta with china despite the india first policy, the counter-point is that beijing delivers on commitments better than new delhi and also takes faster decisions.
male's explanation for the fta with china is that beijing was open to a quick deal, meeting the maldives' domestic requirement of utilising its natural resources.
the fta is not the only evidence of china's growing influence in the maldives.
china has awarded the maldives airport projects and has been extending loans to male to build infrastructure.
the opposition in the maldives claims that about 70 per cent of the country's foreign debt is owed to china and the interest component is more than 30 per cent of the national budget.
ban ki-moon (left), john kerry new delhi, dec.
28: un secretary-general ban ki-moon is coming to india.
so is us secretary of state john kerry.
joining them in early january will be a galaxy of leaders from nations ranging from emerging south africa to tiny macedonia.
but gujarat - not new delhi - is their principal destination.
prime minister narendra modi may have shifted home from gandhinagar to new delhi this past may, but it is the capital of gujarat that will transform into the country's diplomatic centre at the start of 2015 as it hosts two back-to-back international summits.
the pravasi bharatiya divas, from january 7-9, and the vibrant gujarat summit, from january 11-13, have previously too drawn foreign leaders.
but this time it is the perception of modi's continuing interest in gujarat that is at least in part attracting top rung visitors - for the first time - to the latest editions, diplomats from nations participating in the conclaves said.
this is the first time the pravasi bharatiya divas, an annual summit started in 2003 to celebrate the indian diaspora, will be held in gujarat.
the vibrant gujarat summit, started by modi when he was chief minister - also in 2003 - is held every two years.
we'll certainly be sidelined the first half of january, an indian diplomat said, laughing.
perhaps the external affairs ministry should shift from south block to gandhinagar for a fortnight.
the roll call of leaders visiting gandhinagar is impressive.
kerry, on his second india trip in six months, was originally scheduled to travel only to new delhi in the second week of january for talks with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on president barack obama's visit as chief guest on republic day.
but even before kerry's new delhi dates were firmed up, the gujarat government communicated with the us state department, inviting him to also travel to gandhinagar for the vibrant gujarat summit, two us diplomats have confirmed.
the state government, we concluded, must have been tipped off about secretary kerry's plans by someone in the central indian government, one of these us officials said.
if it's important for the prime minister, we are happy to do what it takes.
few in the indian diplomatic establishment can fathom how ban, the un secretary-general, can contribute to discussions at the vibrant gujarat meet, essentially an investors' conference.
apart from helping with the branding of the event, i don't see what role he (ban) can play, an official here said.
janusz piechocinski, the deputy prime minister of poland, nicola gruevski, the prime minister of macedonia, and a senior minister from the cabinet of romanian prime minister victor ponta are among others who will attend the vibrant gujarat summit.
the gandhinagar edition of the pravasi bharatiya divas too is attracting political leaders, including priti patel, the british conservative party mp from witham in essex.
patel was among the strongest votaries for renewing ties with modi after he was reduced to a global pariah following the 2002 riots.
guyana's president donald ramotar and the newly elected mauritius prime minister anerood jugnauth will attend the summit, officials confirmed.
new delhi, aug.
14: the congress wants narendra modi to make an admission during his independence day speech tomorrow: that he should not have made irresponsible statements on sensitive foreign policy matters in the days before he became prime minister.
former foreign minister and congress spokesperson salman khurshid referred to modis strident rhetoric on pakistan and china in the past and contrasted it with the nda governments stand on issues involving the neighbours.
modi and other bjp leaders used to say that terror and talks could not go together, khurshid said, and yet the secretary-level dialogue with pakistan was being resumed now despite intensified ceasefire violations.
the congress leader also cited modis constant digs at chinas expansionist attitude in the past  and his current silence on continued intrusions.
modi said on august 11, 2013, that people had lost faith in the government as delhi was blind to chinese incursions due to vote-bank politics, khurshid said.
he said the chinese intrusion could be seen even on google map.
he can now see the google map and tell the nation about it tomorrow.
or he should admit he made irresponsible remarks before becoming prime minister.
he should admit he didnt understand the sensitivities of the issues.
khurshid said that chinese incursions had happened even on july 15  when modi was meeting his chinese counterpart at the brics summit in brazil  and july 22.
our prime minister was in leh (on tuesday) and there he talked about a proxy war by pakistan.
the context in leh should have been the intrusions by china.
he didnt utter a word (on the subject), the congress leader said.
the bjp had been identifying china as indias main enemy.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj talked of the possibility of a 1962-like situation when intrusions happened in our time (during congress rule).
(but recently) home minister rajnath singh talked of differing perceptions about the line of (actual) control  there was a huge storm in parliament when i had said the same thing.
asked whether the congress wanted the government to abandon the secretary-level talks with pakistan, khurshid said: we dont want to take tough positions and behave irresponsibly.
he went on: the bjps irresponsible behaviour hurt the nation not only on foreign policy but every sphere of governance.
they didnt allow us to do any legislative business.
we dont want to behave like that.
he added: but we expect the government to tell the nation whether pakistan has taken some measures to satisfy us which has persuaded them (new delhi) to talk (to islamabad).
the congress has been digging up modis tweets and remarks on sundry issues to argue that he had misled voters by his tough talk.
parliament is functioning because of us, not the government.
we played the role of constructive opposition while the bjp had adopted the policy of obstructionism, congress leader ghulam nabi azad said.
in this session, the allotted time for work was 135 hours.
there was disruption for 34 hours but (parliament) worked 38 hours extra to make up for the lost time.
in the last six sessions (under upa rule), the bjp didnt allow any work in most of the sessions.
rebels suspended the congress tonight suspended rebel mp chaudhary birender singh and former cwc member jagmeet brar for gross indiscipline.
brar had suggested that sonia gandhi and rahul hand over the partys reins to someone else while they tour the country to reconnect with the masses.
singh had revolted against haryana chief minister bhupinder singh hooda and met bjp chief amit shah.
new delhi, aug.
8: the narendra modi government is prodding president pranab mukherjee to visit key nuclear suppliers group member switzerland weeks before a special meet of the cartel late this year, renewing india's hectic lobbying after a june bid to join the 48-nation club was stalled by china.
mukherjee is expected to visit switzerland following modi's visits to china for the g-20 summit next month where the prime minister is also likely to meet leaders from key nsg members like mexico and brazil, senior officials familiar with the plans have told the telegraph.
modi had visited both switzerland and mexico in june to seek their support for india's membership and had returned with assurances from both countries that would back new delhi's bid.
but modi and his team failed to seal the specifics of the support promised by either switzerland or mexico for the debate over india's membership application at the nsg's annual plenary held this year in seoul on june 24.
at that meet, mexico, switzerland and brazil supported india's bid, but also sought the simultaneous detailing of criteria that countries which are not signatories of the non-proliferation treaty (npt) - like india - must meet before joining the club.
ireland, which modi visited last year, and new zealand, which mukherjee visited in may this year, sought the criteria for membership of non-npt signatories before admitting india.
china, the only nsg member that actually opposed india's membership, used the desire articulated by these nations for membership criteria to admit non-npt signatories to force a deferment of discussions on new delhi's bid.
mukherjee's switzerland visit will be a part of efforts to ensure that india isn't again caught off guard when the nsg, which controls global nuclear trade, meets for an extraordinary plenary session to discuss new delhi's bid towards the end of the year, the officials said.
a few countries raised issues regarding the process for india's participation in the nsg, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup had said after the june plenary.
it is self-evident that process issues would not arise if these countries were actually opposed to our participation.
mukherjee's expected switzerland visit represents a rare instance of the indian prime minister and president visiting the same country in a single year, and reflects emphasis the modi government is placing on trying to secure the country's membership in the nsg at the end-year summit.
the president may also visit luxembourg, another nsg member, during the europe trip.
switzerland isn't the only country with which the modi government is reviving its lobbying for nsg membership at the planned year-end summit of the export control club.
modi will meet mexico's president enrique pena nieto, brazil's president michel temer and south african president jacob zuma next month during the g-20 summit in hangzhou, china.
in these meetings too, modi is expected to seek out clarity on the approaches these countries will adopt at the nsg meet.
the indian prime minister will also meet temer and zuma in india in october, for the brazil-russia-india-china-south africa summit.
at the g-20 and the east asia summit - a gathering of asia-pacific nations in vientiane, laos also in september - modi will also meet us president barack obama and russian president vladimir putin, both backers of india's nsg membership bid.
a key aim of these lobbying efforts is to try and isolate china as the only country that seeks any deferment of india's application when the nsg meets, and to then prod beijing towards joining a consensus instead of standing out as a lone opponent.
it was this strategy that had worked in 2008, when the nsg gave an unprecedented waiver to india to conduct nuclear trade without joining the group.
but that, indian officials recognise, requires a careful juggle - isolating china without giving it enough incentive to not mind publicly standing as the only critic of india's bid.
but modi is also expected to discuss india's bid with chinese president xi jinping in hangzhou, and then in india during the brics summit.
sushma, too, will seek to soften china's opposition during a visit this week by chinese foreign minister wang yi.
the switzerland visit, though, may be the most public of the revived lobbying efforts.
opposition leaders have criticised the modi government for a perceived lack of discreetness in its diplomatic efforts to secure support for nsg membership.
but switzerland is not a member of any of the grouping meetings that india's top leaders will attend this year, so a bilateral meeting alone will help new delhi confirm the support it wants, officials said.
whether or not it wins membership, india doesn't want to caught by surprise again.
new delhi, july 29: the narendra modi government is reviewing the free trade agreements signed by the upa government because it thinks the pacts sealed and signed so far have been unfair to india.
every one of the ftas signed in the last 10 years has benefited the partner country and not us in terms of quality and volume of trade, a highly placed government source told the telegraph.
while the source clarified there was no question of rescinding a pact, he said we would have to look at making mid-course corrections essentially to give our manufacturers a level-playing field without doing anything that can be legally questioned.
the upa regime had inked ftas with japan, korea and the association of southeast asian nations (asean).
the india-asean fta was signed in august 2009 and implemented in january 2010 with malaysia, thailand and singapore.
it covers a market of 1.
8 billion consumers and will slash tariffs for over 4,000 product lines.
the government source, however, said this fta impacts the automobile sector, a large source of jobs in india.
the economic survey 2013-14 noted that such pacts had made manufacturing exports uncompetitive because of an inverted duty structure and imbalances in the tax incentives that are angled favourably towards the partner countries and not india.
the survey said: regional/bilateral ftas with japan, south korea, asean, etc, have added to a new inverted duty like situation with some final goods of these partner countries having nil or low duty while the material for these items from other countries has a higher duty .
this needs to be avoided and there should be a right balance between different stakeholders.
the survey rooted for a shift in indias export basket from being supply-based to demand-driven, something the government is keen to pursue.
on monday, the commerce ministry had unspooled for the prime minister a presentation that was focused on how to bring about a synergy between export-driven commerce and external affairs in keeping with modis belief that economics and commerce had become the cornerstone of global diplomacy instead of just politics and strategic issues, a government source said.
modi, the source said, believes that trade must be given precedence over strategic diplomacy and india has to go on that route in order to make its economy buoyant.
at the presentation, also attended by foreign secretary sujatha singh, the prime minister stressed on a blueprint that would identify overseas markets and link them up with indias business sectors.
he reportedly said states should be encouraged and empowered to draw these linkages without overt central intervention.
the commerce and external affairs ministries will be in the picture but the decisions taken by the states will be sovereign, a source said.
sources said trade desks at overseas indian missions would be told to work more closely with the commerce ministry.
as part of re-conceptualising the work-profile outlook of indias envoys and foreign service apparatchiks  that a minister remarked was more used to thinking of the protocol of chaperoning high-ups and esoteric strategic matters  the government was looking at enlisting more candidates from professional academic streams like management, medicine and engineering in the ifs.
modi held a meeting with finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to discuss his us visit in september.
sources disagreed with suggestions that indias hard talk on trade-related issues at bilaterals between commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and representatives of the us, the european union and canada on the sidelines of a g20 meet at melbourne would cloud modis visit to the us.
with the us, the agenda is bilateral, we are talking only on bilateral issues, a source emphasised.
fire alert as if battling amma in the world of politics was not difficult enough, poor karunanidhi is now having to blow out a raging fire on the domestic front.
a rebellion is threatening to singe the karunanidhi clan, given the fractious ties between the warring brothers, m alagiri and stalin.
the situation has forced karunanidhi to take up the reins to blow out the flames and keep the flock together.
the octogenarian leader has now revived the practice of calling up block and district level party officials early morning.
during these conversations, karunanidhi is supposed to have addressed the leaders by their first names and insisted that they give him feedback about local politics.
the tactic, expectedly, is to stop further erosion in the party rank and file.
the fact that some partymen are yet to snap ties with alagiri, who has been suspended from the dmk following his remarks against stalin, must have added to karunanidhis anxiety.
but it is certainly going to be a tightrope walk for kalaignar.
this is because those in touch with the rebel son include his wife, dayalu.
the bitterness did not prevent her from wishing alagiri on his birthday.
the threat of expulsion is unlikely to work in this case.
word play the aam aadmi party has not only gobbled up the votes of the congress and the bharatiya janata party but it has also eaten into some expressions and slogans that are associated with the two national parties.
so much so that congress leaders are now finding it difficult to use the phrase, aam aadmi, in their speeches for obvious reasons.
rahul gandhi and other senior leaders have resorted to the expression, common man, but it does not quite have the same ring to it.
narendra modi, too, has been circumspect about using the term aam aadmi.
at a rally in gorakhpur recently, the gujarat chief minister chose to use samanya janata instead of aam aadmi to denote the common man.
the congresss discomfort, however, is greater than that of the bjp.
this is because the aaps antics have forced it to eschew its popular slogan, congress ka haath aam aadmi ke saath.
ironically, the slogan did its bit to brighten the partys electoral prospects on an earlier occasion.
speech-writers and leaders alike in the congress and the bjp are said to be working furiously to meet this new challenge.
arvind kejriwals grin can only get wider at the discomfort in the rival camps.
perfect choice not many people would think that rahul gandhi had come out with flying colours after his interview with a leading television anchor.
many in the congress are of the opinion that rahul gandhi had not done his homework properly and had failed to improve his image by taking advantage of the occasion.
but the pg factor is discouraging many partymen to voice their disappointment with rahul gandhis prime time performance.
priyanka gandhi,reportedly, sat through the interview and often nodded her head in agreement with what her brother was saying.
in congress circles, priyanka gandhis reputation is such that she cannot be blamed for any negative projections.
ajay maken, the chief of the congresss media department, is relieved because of the reputation that priyanka gandhi has.
maken, apparently, has been facing brickbats from heads of other television channels who are accusing him of according preferential treatment to one particular broadcaster.
maken has now decided to wriggle out of the situation by saying that the choice of the interviewer rested with priyanka gandhi.
close contest did someone suggest that it is time lk advani hung up his boots?
well, advanis critics would have to think again for the bjp veteran is extremely keen on contesting the lok sabha elections.
a move was afoot to send advani, along with murli manohar joshi, another old hand in the party, to the upper house but the advani camp managed to scuttle it.
it is being said that advani wants narendra modi to take a decision on the party fielding the former from his seat in gandhinagar.
the madhya pradesh chief minister, shivraj singh chouhan, is equally optimistic about advani contesting from bhopal.
the big question is who will win the tug-of-war over advani?
will it be modi, who is unlikely to be seen as someone who allowed advani to shift base from gandhinagar to bhopal?
if, on the other hand, chouhan emerges victorious, it would mean that advani will be contesting a seat from mp along with another ally, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who will fight for the vidisha seat.
footnotefriends again 2014 has begun on an auspicious note for bollywood.
the cash registers are yet to stop jingling on account of the aamir khan starrer released in december last year.
now another khan, salman, has made an entry into the box office with jai ho.
the film has not exactly raised a storm but it is in the news for another reason.
jai ho has done the unthinkable by being screened at mannat, which houses shah rukh khan.
after the special screening was held, the film industry was agog with rumours that the warring khans had finally made peace.
sources close to shah rukh have revealed that dabangg 2, yet another salman film, had been watched by mannats residents in their private theatre as well.
there is no news yet of salman having watched chennai express.
is salman yet to accept the olive branch then?
new delhi, sept.
2: after prime minister narendra modi and egypt president abdel fattah al sisi shook hands to end their bilateral talks at the hyderabad house here just after noon, one of them rushed for an afternoon departure from delhi airport.
it was modi, not his guest.
another high-profile diplomatic visitor - us secretary of state john kerry - flew out of new delhi this afternoon almost at the exact same time as his host sushmaswaraj swaraj also left the country.
kerry hadn't met a senior indian government official or diplomat in two days.
the decisions by modi and sushmaswaraj weren't meant as slights and officials insisted no protocol had been breached.
but a cramped diplomatic calendar, scheduling snafus and miscommunication today combined to leave the prime minister and foreign minister no option except to leave both key guests unattended, a rare occurrence in india.
modi, who landed in hanoi late evening, had stitched together his visit to vietnam before sisi's trip was finalised, so rescheduling was difficult.
and kerry, who landed here on monday, was to leave on wednesday but was asked by us president barack obama to stay back and join him on sunday in hangzhou, china, for the g20 summit.
poor communication over kerry's schedule between the indian and american diplomatic staff this week also injected a tiny dose of tension, ending with india deciding to treat the official part of the secretary of state's visit in new delhi effectively over on wednesday.
as for secretary kerry's programme (during his stay after wednesday), you will have to check with the us side, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said last evening.
we have not been officially told his programme yet.
for india, the visits of kerry and sisi, who arrived last night and is staying till saturday morning, are both very important.
kerry co-chaired the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue with sushmaswaraj , us secretary of commerce penny pritzker and indian commerce minister nirmala sitharaman on tuesday.
his is the last high-profile visit from the us to india under the obama administration.
sisi has emerged as a key force in the middle east and north africa, and under him, egypt has taken a lead in combating the islamic state threat in the region.
an old ally of india's in the arab world, egypt is also an emerging regional economic power that china is aggressively wooing.
but an advisory on kerry's schedule in new delhi was prematurely made public by the foreign office the morning he landed, and later tweaked after discussions with the us embassy.
the initial advisory listed planned visits by kerry to jama masjid, sisganj gurdwara and gauri shankar temple in chandni chowk on tuesday morning which were initially pushed back to thursday, and then cancelled because of torrential rains in new delhi.
on thursday, the us state department and embassy here fixed a schedule for kerry that included a previously unplanned meeting with congress vice-president rahul gandhi.
in the afternoon, kerry spoke on the telephone with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov, discussing the spread of the is in libya, and the civil war in syria.
by last evening, the itineraries of kerry and the incoming sisi - who was formally visiting at president pranab mukherjee's invitation but for talks with modi - appeared set to collide.
even while the us was yet to formally communicate kerry's plans to the indian foreign ministry, it had fixed up a meeting with sisi - who landed late in the afternoon.
but the foreign ministry coordinated with the egyptians to ensure that sushmaswaraj met sisi before the egyptian leader met kerry.
new delhi.
july 28: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit italy in early september on a trip officially aimed at attending the canonisation of mother teresa at the vatican, signalling the end of a four-year diplomatic war over the 2012 arrest of two italian marines for murder.
sushma will lead the indian delegation for the canonisation on september 4, accompanied by bengal chief minister mamata banerjee and, possibly, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal.
but two senior officials have independently confirmed to the telegraph that sushmaswaraj will also use the opportunity for the first public diplomatic engagement with italy's leadership since 2012, when cabinet ministers from the two sides last exchanged visits.
sushma's decision to make the trip to rome - apart from the vatican - comes amid carefully crafted attempts by both india and italy to revive a key economic and strategic relationship after an unprecedented low.
india's nominee at the permanent court of arbitration (pca) in the hague did not dissent a key un tribunal decision in april ordering new delhi to send marine salvatore girone back to italy while it decides whether india has jurisdiction over the murder case.
massimiliano latorre, who along with girone is accused of shooting dead two kerala fishermen, is already back in italy, allowed to return by the supreme court to recover from a stroke.
girone returned to italy in may.
within weeks, italy lifted its veto against india joining the missile technology control regime (mtcr), a key export control club where it had opposed new delhi's membership during the dispute over the marines.
this newspaper first reported italy's about-turn on june 8.
india joined the mtcr last month.
but the narendra modi government has also faced allegations of striking a deal with italy in return for dirt on congress chief sonia gandhi, and remains cautious about the perceptions involved in a swift public embrace with rome.
the canonisation will allow the government to avoid perceptions of a stand-alone visit to rome.
in light of the importance of mother teresa's canonisation, the external affairs minister will herself lead the indian delegation, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said today.
other members of the delegation are still being finalised.
unwell since april, sushmaswaraj has avoided all foreign travel over the past three months, and junior foreign minister v.k. singh has substituted for her at key international meets.
the decision to confirm sushma's visit to rome and the vatican more than a month in advance - the foreign office usually confirms foreign visits only a few days before the trip - points to diplomatic signalling for the trips to both the vatican and to rome, officials acknowledged.
the foreign minister leading the indian delegation to the canonisation of mother teresa would help the government counter criticism that it is insensitive to concerns of religious minorities.
in rome, officials said, sushmaswaraj is expected to clearly signal to italian prime minister matteo renzi and his colleagues that india is willing to expedite a revival of bilateral ties by putting aside the discord over the marines.
she may also extend an invitation from modi to renzi to visit india.
the officials cautioned that sushmaswaraj may calibrate the extent of the public nature of her commitments to italy to avoid any domestic political backlash.
christian michel, a british middleman accused in a helicopter corruption scandal involving italian firm finmeccanica, has alleged that prime minister modi tried to strike a deal with renzi, seeking corruption charges against sonia in exchange for facilitating girone's return.
michel made the allegations in a letter to the pca, the court of arbitration.
the government has denied michel's allegations.
but like italy, which is keen to embrace the fast-growing indian market, india too remains aware of the strategic loss caused by tensions with rome over the past four years.
as reported first by the telegraph on june 15, the visit by mamata to italy and the vatican - now accompanied by sushmaswaraj - is among a string of bilateral visits new delhi and rome are plotting to signal their diplomatic reengagement.
in 2011-12, italy and india had trade worth $10 billion - much more than new delhi's trade with paris or moscow.
by 2015-16, bilateral trade with italy had slipped to $8.
4 billion, down over 15 per cent.
but it wasn't only through bilateral trade that italy hurt india economically.
when kochi hosted a major investment summit in september 2012, the then italian ambassador actively, and not very discreetly, lobbied other european envoys to dissuade companies from investing in kerala.
india is also convinced the italian government pressured the european union to go slow on negotiations for a free trade agreement that is crucial since the 28-nation bloc decides tariffs collectively.
in january 2015, former italian foreign minister and the eu's foreign policy chief federica mogherini criticised india over the arrest of the marines at the european parliament.
three months later, when new delhi pressed for an india-eu leaders' summit, the eu did not confirm dates in time.
modi eventually visited brussels for a summit with the eu only earlier this year.
devendra fadnavis, raghubar das and sarbananda sonowal new delhi, aug.
28: devendra fadnavis, raghubar das and sarbananda sonowal are the flavours of the season for the bjp's central leaders.
among the rising stars the bjp showcased at a meeting of its chief ministers yesterday, party sources said the leaders of maharashtra, jharkhand and assam were identified as those to watch out for.
the trio were bracketed with those who had made the cut in the past through hard work at the grassroots and risen from the ranks and not as lateral entrants.
prime minister narendra modi is the lead character in the bjp's favourite narrative of a sangh pracharak (whole-timer) transforming into a political star.
among the new favourites, maharashtra chief minister fadnavis alone has sangh antecedents, which go back to his nagpur-based family.
das of jharkhand is a product of the pre-emergency student movement, mentored by jaya prakash narayan.
he was a trade unionist while he worked in jamshedpur for the tatas.
sonowal is a late arrival in the bjp but, like das, was politically fashioned by the assam student agitation.
look at the cachets they bring.
das is a mazdoor (worker) and, like modiji, belongs to the other backward class of telis (oil pressers).
sonowal was a student leader, a bjp source said.
with the bjp in power at the centre, the sangh believes that this is the right time to groom the next generation of bjp leaders who can pick up the baton when the time comes.
the current crop of leaders - modi, arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj, m. venkaiah naidu and nitin gadkari - are aged between the late fifties and late sixties.
with modi firmly in the saddle, the sangh-bjp is not looking at a leadership transformation for the next 10 years.
but we can't sit idle and hope that leaders will be created through miracles.
modiji worked hard to get where he is, and is an inspirational figure for future generations.
other parties face leadership crises because they don't have a process to build leaders.
fortunately, ours is not a dynastic party: there's a level playing field for those who want a shot at it, a bjp official said.
in the days when the bjp was nowhere near assuming power, it used to search for leaders who were aggressive, articulate and consummate organisers.
the sangh student wing, the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad, was its talent acquisition pool.
but being in power have changed the party's outlook.
today, the bjp looks at its chief ministers as potential leaders at the centre.
the abvp is a sound stepping stone for party politics.
but to become a chief minister, a person needs much more than just experience in student politics.
that's why fadnavis, das and sonowal are being watched microscopically, a source said.
fadnavis, the source said, had got a lifetime opportunity in heading the country's most cash-rich and investor-friendly state despite not being from one of maharashtra's dominant castes.
he's not a maratha, he's not from a backward class or a scheduled caste.
he's a brahmin, a community that counts for nothing in the state electorally.
therefore, he will have to earn his spurs by working hard at governance and proving he can rise above caste considerations and be a true leader, a source said.
the preceding peer group of chief ministers consisting of shivraj singh chouhan, vasundhara raje and raman singh have proved their mettle.
chouhan and raman have won three consecutive elections and turned their states, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh, around in certain sectors.
vasundhra has stormed back to power after a narrow defeat.
but vasundhara and chouhan have uneven equations with modi and raman is unable to go beyond his state.
this makes them uncertain candidates for the future.
other chief ministers such as gujarat's vijay rupani, haryana's manohan lal khattar and goa's laxmikant parsekar have not come up to scratch.
patna, oct.
10: the bjp expects its senior leader l.k. advani to do a jaya prakash narayan through his jan chetna yatra, commencing on tuesday.
its leaders believe the campaign would bring in a change at the centre.
we are feeling so because the present situation is somewhat similar to the one prevailing during the jp movement of 1974.
the issue of corruption had taken the centre stage then also, the bjp bihar unit president, dr c.p. thakur, told reporters today.
he claimed that the only difference now was the magnitude of corruption.
it has gone up by several notches, thakur said.
displaying a photograph of his with late jaya prakash narayan, the bjp president said advanis yatra would create a situation similar to that after the jp movement and a change in regime at the centre was almost certain.
he said corruption apart, the bjp would raise the issue of black money stacked in foreign banks during the course of advanis yatra.
he claimed that if this money could be brought back, the government would be able to provide a house to every poor person in the country.
expressing surprise over the criticism of advanis yatra by some political parties, dr thakur said: i fail to see a reason that is forcing people to protest an effort aimed at curbing corruption.
dr thakur said anant kumar, ram lal, saudan singh, dharmendra pradhan, vani tripathi and muralidhar rao were expected in the city today.
he said advanis wife kamla and daughter pratibha would accompany the bjp patriarch during his yatra.
sushma swaraj and arun jaitley would be with advani during his bihar visit.
the uri attack poses a major challenge to the method in the bharatiya janata party-led government's strategy to counter the internationalization of the kashmir issue on an intensified scale, which is clearly on the cards in the coming months.
in a generic sense, the steadily deteriorating conditions in the valley since the death of burhan wani, the militant social media propagandist, have internationalized kashmir and brought the issue back into global focus.
the narendra modi government knows that unless it has a cogent strategy, further internationalization can compromise the core of its global agenda, which is focused on economic and social development.
well before the uri attack, the government, therefore, crafted a plan that it has already put to work quietly without fanfare.
in order to make this plan work effectively, the ministry of external affairs does not want to even acknowledge that it is engaged in an out-of-the-box diplomatic offensive with the aim of neutralizing pakistan's efforts to take its relations with india to the global centre stage.
what the terrorist killings in uri have necessitated is a fresh look at this strategy and a demand within closed doors during meetings of the top political leadership for a fine-tuning of how it is implemented.
in part, the decision of the prime minister, narendra modi, to skip the non-aligned summit in venezuela was integral to this carefully considered strategy even though the government deliberately fostered an impression that modi was skipping the summit because he was disenchanted with the movement that was started by jawaharlal nehru, gamal abdel nasser and josip broz tito.
modi's perceived ideological moorings also lent itself to that wrong impression.
in crafting its diplomatic strategy on kashmir, the modi government drew heavily on the experience of the p.v. narasimha rao government, which had its back to the wall both in the valley and on the international stage in 1993-94.
because modi did not travel to isla de margarita last weekend, the core of the indian delegation to the 17th non-aligned summit had an entirely muslim persona.
the leader of the indian delegation was a muslim - the vice president, hamid ansari.
the first major indian speech at the venezuela summit was made by a muslim, the minister of state for external affairs, m.j. akbar.
the key official coordinating indian moves at the summit and doing the diplomatic troubleshooting was a muslim, syed akbaruddin, the permanent representative of india to the united nations in new york.
after his courtesy meeting upon arrival with the host of the summit - the venezuelan president, nicols maduro moros - ansari hurried off to his most important bilateral engagement in isla de margarita, which is at the core of the government's kashmir strategy: a long session with iran's president, hassan rouhani.
the importance of this meeting lay in ansari's institutional memory as a former diplomat.
of all the 53 countries at the former commission on human rights in geneva, it was iran that helped india most in avoiding an embarrassing censure by the un on kashmir in 1994.
two diplomats steered that successful effort.
one of them was ansari, then permanent representative of india to the un in new york, the other was prakash shah, ansari's counterpart in geneva.
iran is a former chair of the organisation of islamic cooperation.
it moderated the oic's reactions to kashmir during the organization's summit in tehran in december 1997 and during its three-year presidency of what was then known as the organisation of the islamic conference.
iran is the immediate past chair of nam, and by virtue of that position it is part of the nam troika - a key role since venezuela is unlikely to pull its weight as the new chair of the movement as its president sags into a possible exit under the weight of venezuela's current economic and political crisis.
additionally, ansari was one of india's two most successful ambassadors in tehran since the islamic revolution.
he helped turn around the islamic republic's relations with india, prising qom, the spiritual capital of the ayatollahs away from pakistan for the first time.
a similar effort by indira gandhi during the shah's rule only met with limited success.
that is not all.
after barack obama has left office, when the history of the nuclear deal with iran is written, ansari's intellectual and quasi-diplomatic role in facilitating the deal will become a matter of record.
the iranians know this and if tehran is to be persuaded to play any role supportive of india at next month's 43rd session of the oicforeign ministers' meeting in tashkent, the vice president was the best possible interlocutor with rouhani in isla de margarita.
within india's strategic community and in the public fora, there is a tendency to dismiss the oic as completely inconsequential.
even the mea spokesmen often tend to shrug off the organization with the attitude that it will, habitually, never have a good word for india.
the threat to indian diplomacy from the oic in the coming months is, however, real.
it now has 57 member states across four continents.
increasingly, candidacies for important international posts are being pushed through the forum of the oic by its member states.
among the examples are turkey's un general assembly presidency in 2020, pakistan's non-permanent seat in the un security council in 2024 and, mostly recently, qatar's membership of the board of governors of the international atomic energy agency from next year.
there are many more examples.
the oic's contact group on kashmir met in new york this week.
it has mobilized masood khan, the so-called president of 'azad' kashmir since last month, to explore the possibility of a resolution in the general assembly's third committee, which deals with humanitarian issues, on the situation in kashmir.
khan attended the contact group meeting.
since khan was pakistan's permanent representative to the un in new york until last year, his contacts in the un are still fresh.
it is widely believed that islamabad foisted khan as 'president' on the parts of kashmir it occupies with the sole intention of internationalizing the kashmir dispute with india.
an assessment in south block that attempts may be made in the general assembly, which began its general debate on tuesday to revive the kashmir issue in the form of a resolution, prompted some hasty changes in high-level government itineraries to fit in with the strategy put in place for nam of recreating the indian persona at the un in a muslim image.
so, the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was to have originally reached new york on monday was told by modi to stay back in new delhi.
instead, the prime minister directed m.j. akbar to proceed to new york from caracas and attend all general assembly events until saturday when presidents, prime ministers, crown princes and princesses from across the globe finish speaking at the general debate.
swaraj will now reach new york only on saturday after most heads of state and government have left the un.
much of the crucial networking for the 71st general assembly session took place on tuesday at a welcome reception in the morning in the indonesian lounge in the general assembly building and later at the state luncheon of the secretary general, ban ki-moon, in the north delegates lounge of the conference building on turtle bay.
akbar attended both.
although a new member of modi's council of ministers, akbar's reputation had travelled ahead of him from isla de margarita where he propounded to nam the idea of power of balance to replace the age-old diplomatic concept known as balance of power.
he also urged nam to walk the talk and set up a nam working group on terrorism.
next week, akbar will travel to tashkent only a few days before the oic foreign ministers are to meet there to discuss kashmir, among other subjects.
akbaruddin's mandate in isla de margarita and in new york went far beyond his official position as an additional secretary in the mea because of the role he has played in nam in the months preceding the summit: the anti-colonial, third world movement that india founded along with newly-independent countries in nehru's time has its coordinating bureau in new york.
as india's coordinator to the nam bureau that runs concurrently with his job as ambassador to the un, this muslim diplomat's role in countering pakistan's propaganda about persecution of muslims by a hindu nationalist government in new delhi will be be critical during this general assembly session.
shillong, nov.
11: union external affairs and overseas affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will inaugurate the much-awaited shillong passport seva kendra on friday here.
union minister of state for external affairs and overseas indian affairs gen.
(retired) v.k. singh will be accompanying swaraj.
singh is also the new union minister of state (independent charge) of statistics and programme implementation.
earlier, he was looking after the doner ministry, which is now under jitendra singh.
sources in the state government have confirmed the visit of the union ministers.
the passport seva kendra, which is in lachaumiere near the u tirot sing indoor stadium, was constructed with the support from the state government while the centre contributed around rs 30 lakh to the project.
there are 77 passport seva kendras, which are acting as extended arms of 37 passport offices across the country.
the external affairs ministry, in a bid to augment and improve the delivery of passport services to citizens, had launched the passport seva project (psp) in may 2010.
since then, the project has been implemented in a public-private partnership (ppp) mode with tata consultancy services.
according to the ministry, passport seva enables simple, efficient and transparent processes for delivery of passports and related services.
apart from creating a countrywide networked environment for government staff, passport seva kendra integrates with the state police for physical verification of applicants credentials and with india post for delivery of passports.
the passport seva kendra will be a boon to residents of the state who were hitherto dependent only on the regional passport office at guwahati for their passports.
new delhi, nov.
30: the telecom regulators proposal to raise the base price for the auction of 800mhz spectrum  for which russias sistema is the sole bidder  has created a piquant situation for economic diplomacy with one of indias oldest friends.
russian president vladimir putin will be coming to new delhi in early december and india is keen to woo him away from a potential china-pakistan axis.
addressing sistemas demand for a reasonable pricing of spectrum is seen as one such sweetener.
however, the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) last week raised the reserve price of 800mhz spectrum to rs 3,104 per megahertz, an increase of 15 per cent compared with its recommendations in february.
in fact, the base price was 72 per cent higher visa-a-vis the price in the auction last year.
the department of telecom (dot) had actually asked trai to reconsider the price hike it had proposed for the spectrum in february.
the dot was egged on by sistemas indian arm and the external affairs ministry, which had to face tough questions from russian diplomats trying to push the case for the operator in indias booming telecom market.
the issue was also taken up at a meeting earlier this month of a high-level bilateral panel on trade, economic, scientific, technological and cultural cooperation, co-chaired by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russias deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin.
it was a preparatory meet to putins visit.
in russia, the sistema group is under pressure after its chairman vladimir yevtushenkov was put under house arrest for alleged money laundering in a $2.
5-billion deal that saw the conglomerate take control of oil company bashneft in 2009.
putins russia, embroiled in a conflict with the european union and the us over ukraine, is increasingly growing closer to china, with which it has concluded multi-billion-dollar oil, gas and pipeline deals.
it has also clinched a defence deal with pakistan, just three weeks before putins planned india visit.
both the deals had raised eyebrows in india  a russia-china cooperation is seen as bad news, but a defence relationship with pakistan is worse.
the bulk of indias military hardware is of russian origin, and new delhi have been unhappy over sistema exploring a possible sale of military helicopters to pakistan.
at stake for india is not just the exclusivity of a defence tie-up, but also cooperation in afghanistan against pakistan-backed taliban.
stake sales to ongc videsh in siberian oil and gas blocks and a free trade pact with the customs union of belarus, kazakhstan and russia are critical areas where india will need moscows help.
an international north-south freight corridor project linking india with central asia, russia and eventually europe is also in the works.
sister mary sujita and i met in the neat and clean maurya hotel in patna opposite gandhi maidan - the hallowed grounds of many an india-changing rally.
a former superior general of the sisters of notre dame, sister had just addressed her own rally - the global congregation of her sisterhood in rome where she called on catholic women to stop theologising about the needs of the poor and to instead get to work in the places most in need.
she herself had lived in the 1970s with the poorest of the poor - a low-caste of sharecroppers living off the grain that they pulled out of rat-holes in fields.
the caste is known as musahars (those who are eaten by rats) because rats bite them when they pull the grain out.
she told the congregation how she lived in a tiny mud hut, sharing the struggles of the musahars.
we had to find our own ways of living in this new reality.
one day, the poor lady, punia, whose hut i was sharing, lost her three-year-old daughter in the morning and five-year-old son later on the same day due to a cholera outbreak.
i was so broken and upset that god would allow such a thing to happen to these poor helpless people.
i was angry at the system that permitted such utter poverty and misery.
all i could do was to weep in solidarity with all the weeping women in that village.
her tears had a value.
they were a call to action for clean drinking water, education and health for this destitute community.
they matched the struggle of the socialists for political empowerment of this deprived caste.
in 1952, kirai mushar became the first musahar mp on a socialist party ticket from the joint parliamentary constituency of bhagalpur-cum-purnea.
dr br ambedkar had drafted the process to ensure reservation for deprived castes in parliament.
in spite of that, caste was so deeply entrenched at that time that kirai mushar was found crying in the central hall.
he was being beaten, his parliamentary allowance was being taken away and he was not given food to eat by the upper-caste secretary who had moved in to stay with him!
but the socialists persisted.
another socialist, this time a woman, bhagwati devi, a stone quarry worker, the daughter of a musahar, became a member of the bihar legislative assembly in 1969 and was elected to the 11th lok sabha in 1996.
she had been associated with ram manohar lohia and karpoori thakur.
half a century after kirai mushar came to the lok sabha, bhagwati devi was neither intimidated nor exploited.
in fact, she had the self confidence to challenge sushmaswaraj swaraj and maneka gandhi in parliament during the debate on the women's reservation bill.
swaraj and gandhi did not want reservation along caste lines in seats reserved for women.
bhagwati devi said in parliament: i am clear in my mind about the need for caste-based, proportional reservation for women.
the reasons are simple.
this bill is apparently inspired by the need to uplift women who have over the centuries been deprived and oppressed.
if that premise is correct, then anybody with even an iota of knowledge of social realities will know that the ones who are really underprivileged are the dalits, adivasis, minorities, and backward classes.
.
.
i can testify from personal experience the social, economic and cultural biases that confront us.
the other day i was travelling to patna.
at the station, as i was about to board the train, a gentleman came up to me and said ' yeh ac hai (this is the air-conditioned coach).
' he couldn't believe that we could travel in an ac compartment.
when i first became an mla in bihar, my two-year-old child was in my arms and i was ordered off the reserved compartment by the tt.
he refused to check my ticket and listen to the fact that, being an mla, i could afford to travel in the reserved compartment.
i am musahar by caste.
i earned my living crushing stones.
i used to work from morning till evening, yet the thakur zamindar refused to pay us for days.
whenever we dared to ask for money, our people were beaten up.
do you honestly believe that such people will give us justice?
.
.
.
people like maneka gandhi and sushmaswaraj swaraj are opposing us.
when such people visit our bastis (slums), they raise their saris to their knees out of fear of dirtying them.
people who change their saris every hour cannot represent us.
.
.
.
.
.
the bjp favours a common civil code because muslim women are in shackles, in burqas, and this will liberate them.
so why don't you provide reservations for them?
let a burqa-clad woman contest against one of her own; let them win and come to the lok sabha.
how can bjp women represent the aspirations or voice the pain of the minorities?
i remember meeting bhagwati devi in her ac room in the bihar government guest house.
her bodyguard used to sleep in the same room.
i know they laugh at me.
.
.
bodyguards are supposed to be relegated to the dormitory.
.
.
but it's so hot there.
a far cry from kirai mushar's exploitation by his secretary.
today the number of literate musahars has gone up, as has the number of musahars represented in politics.
thanks to the political representation of musahars in panchayats, bihar assembly and parliament, there is drinking water via hand pumps, pucca roads, and schools in musahar tollas.
jyoti devi, a musahar from barachatti in gaya district, was an mla in the last nitish kumar government.
put in an orphanage by her parents - poor, landless farmers - when she was just five in 1973, she learned farming at bapu gram.
she was given three acres of bhoodan land from the government, which she made cultivable in two decades by applying new techniques.
now about 300 musahar families follow the technique in bapu gram and sarvodyapuri, where land transfer to the landless happened under bhoodan.
the change in her constituency is visible.
about a dozen boys have done their graduation and 10 villagers have been able to buy motorcycles; their children go to the middle school.
and they are not bitten by rats anymore.
gaya is one of the districts where sister sujita worked to organise collectives of women from marginalised communities under a national programme known as mahila samakhya in the nineties.
the collectives did not lay down smart targets but emphasised the processes of empowerment based on decision making through nari adalats, sanjeevani kendras, and education through the mahila shikshan kendras and kasturba gandhi balika vidyalayas.
education was linked with women coming together, discussing, reflecting, organising, analysing, and articulating their needs.
a study by jyotsna jha and nivedita menon from the centre for budget and policy studies reveals that the mahila samakhyas have improved women's ability to leave home without permission, changed power dynamics in the family, increased their political participation, reframed educational outcomes to much beyond literacy, delayed marriages, and improved immunisation rates as well as educational outcomes for girls in the community.
it even has a spill-over effect in non-participating households, like community trust, increased parental awareness about school and education, women marrying later in these districts, diversification of their social networks and create relationships outside of caste and kinship networks, greatly enhancing social capital and contribution to community projects.
in fact, mahila samakhya laid the ground for some of the successes of the pink schools, more meaningful participation of women in the panchayat system, and increased women in jobs and businesses in bihar.
while reservation and quotas have ensured access to governance structures, mahila samakhya has enabled effective use of that access.
with this capacity, empowerment programmes often get captured by brokers.
the bihar government has set its mind to empowering women with missionary zeal.
jeevika, a livelihood programme tied to micro-credit, is their main tool.
right now the programme is showing great impact in terms of loan amount disbursed and number of bank accounts opened.
but without overall empowerment of women which includes self-esteem, critical and innovative thinking, social and friendship networks, education beyond literacy, the jeevika programme could very well force women into debt bondage and suicide like the farmers of andhra pradesh and maharashtra.
the massive farmer suicides in the two states was a result of creating a structure that gave power to credit companies rather than to the farmers, built a model that was based on credit not savings, and established women's associations known as self-help groups that were built around money not solidarity.
social capital was destroyed by the formation of the self-help group and when farmers could not repay the loan they had no community cushion to fall back on.
bihar is famous for its social justice approach.
ela bhatt has organised women to generate capital from their own savings.
sewa is now the largest trade union in the world with 16 million female members.
md yunus on the other hand has simply monetised credit to the poor.
impact assessments show that ela ben's approach also creates social empowerment and sustainable prosperity, whereas yunus always has to depend on foreign donors and outside investments to keep cash flows going.
perhaps bihar could marry the collectivisation and empowerment approach of mahila samakhya with its jeevika programme.
after all, sister sujita is not far away.
she lives and works in patna.
ruchira gupta is a feminist campaigner, writer, visiting professor at new york university, adviser to the un, and founder of indian anti-sex trafficking organisation apne aap worldwide.
follow on twitter @ruchiragupta and on facebook.
com/ruchiragupt a journalist www.
apneaap.
women directors new delhi, march 24 (pti): the centre has asked registrars of companies to take up with the ministries concerned the failure of public sector units to appoint at least one woman director and initiate penal action against 1,355 private listed firms without women directors.
a sebi directive and the companies act mandates all listed firms to have at least one woman director on their boards from 2015.
these rules are aimed at ensuring gender diversity in boardrooms.
pm chaadar new delhi (pti): a chaadar (shawl) will be offered at the ajmer dargah of khwaja moinuddin chishti on behalf of prime minister narendra modi who on friday hailed the sufi saint as a symbol of great spiritual traditions of india.
lalu hurt patna (pti): rjd chief lalu prasad on friday suffered minor injuries in his back at a yagna here after the dais he was sitting on caved in because of overcrowding.
lalu prasad was accompanied by his sons and eldest daughter.
later, he told reporters that he had suffered a back injury.
aseemanand hyderabad (pti): the telangana home minister has told the assembly that it would soon take steps to get the bail of swami aseemanand cancelled in the 2007 mecca masjid blast case.
a local court had granted the accused bail on thursday.
google clips mumbai (pti): bombay high court has directed google india and youtube to immediately remove video clips posted on websites which allegedly show judiciary in bad light.
the court told them to ensure that such clips are removed immediately if brought to their notice by the high court registry.
deepa assets chennai (pti): deepa jayakumar, niece of the late jayalalithaa, has declared assets worth rs 3.
05 crore in the affidavit filed along with her nomination for the april 12 bypoll to the r. k. nagar constituency.
deepa is contesting as an independent, though she had launched her mgr amma deepa peravai (forum).
sc bins sinha plea new delhi, march 24 (pti): the supreme court today dismissed former cbi director ranjit sinha's plea to recall its order constituting an sit to probe allegations that he scuttled the investigations into the coal scam cases.
the court said there were no reasons to recall the january 23 order in which the apex court had observed that a prima facie case was definitely made out for probing allegations of abuse of authority by sinha.
midday meal new delhi (pti): the centre has said children will not be deprived of mid-day meals if they do not have aadhaar card.
in cases where facilities for aadhaar cannot be created, state governments will provide the unique numbers to the students, it added grandmom mumbai (pti): a youth was caught and thrashed by a 67-year-old woman after he harassed her granddaughter in marine lines of south mumbai, police has said.
he was later arrested.
premkumar yadav allegedly held the girl's hand and threatened her with a knife while she was returning from school.
see-off stick new delhi (pti): a man has been arrested at the delhi airport for allegedly sneaking into the terminal area on an invalid ticket to see off his daughter on thursday.
officials said the man had using an e-ticket to dubai which he had booked but cancelled later.
aiims chief new delhi (pti): dr randeep guleria was on friday appointed director of the all india institute of medical sciences here.
dr guleria has worked as a personal physician to former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee and has also treated union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
dress code bareilly (pti): the district magistrate of uttar pradesh's bareilly has issued an order barring government employees from wearing jeans and t-shirts to work.
the chief medical officer has also ordered hospital staff will have their day's salary cut if found inappropriately dressed.
our correspondentransacked: madan modi and his wife show the almirah from which the valuables were stolen in gamharia, seraikela-kharsawan.
on saturday.
telegraph picturejamshedpur: a gang of four armed men barged into a house, took the inmates hostage and decamped with cash and gold ornaments worth over rs 5 lakh at balaidih under gamharia thana in seraikela-kharsawan district, about 12km from the heart of the city, early on saturday morning.
the robbers, who entered the house after breaking open the front door, struck at a time owner madan modi (45) was away on night duty at an industrial unit in adityapur.
the intruders went on a looting spree for over half an hour after taking madan's wife sushmaswaraj (38) and their son (14) and daughter (11) hostage at gunpoint.
after the gang fled the spot, sushmaswaraj informed her husband, who turned up at gamharia thana to lodge an fir at 7am.
the robbers targeted the house at a time the owner was away.
we assume that they had carried out a recce of the house and had information that the owner will not be at home at night, gamharia thana oc jai prakash rana said, adding that the men had wrapped up their faces with cloth while committing the crime.
while the man with the gun ensured that we kept quiet, three others opened the almirah and took away rs 6,000 cash and gold ornaments that my parents had given me during my marriage 18 years ago, she said.
sources said police were making random raids at the places where people having a record of loots and robberies live.
police are making every attempt to detect the gang involved in the loot by conducting raids in gamharia and adityapur area, the source said.
new delhi, april 6: prime minister narendra modi wrote to bengal chief minister mamata banerjee to persuade her to visit delhi during bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina's trip, but his government does not expect any immediate breakthrough on the teesta waters dhaka desperately wants.
modi's letter to mamata earlier this week was followed up by a telephone call to the chief minister by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the modi government has once previously reached out at the political level to mamata since she returned to power last year.
while mamata has confirmed to modi and to president pranab mukherjee that she will participate in a series of ceremonial events, she has given no indication of a thaw in her opposition to what remains hasina's biggest demand, the teesta water-sharing pact.
but no leader is expected to show her cards before tough negotiations get underway.
the communication between modi and mamata comes after months of political tension between the two leaders and opens the tiniest window for a face-to-face meeting between them on the sidelines of hasina's visit, though no meet has been scheduled yet.
a failure to get mamata to at least appear conciliatory to hasina on the teesta deal could cloud what is meant as a visit to celebrate the longest stretch of success - eight years - in bilateral ties ever, senior officials and analysts have said.
india and bangladesh are expected to ink between 25 and 30 pacts during hasina's visit, including two agreements on defence, and the two prime ministers are scheduled to jointly unveil a new train and bus, both connecting calcutta to khulna.
ahead of national elections in bangladesh in end-2018, the success of the bilateral relationship since 2009 - when hasina came back to power - has spawned ever-growing expectations new delhi and dhaka are struggling to meet.
the lack of closure on the teesta pact is serving as a lightning rod for domestic criticism against hasina.
that's the view on the street in bangladesh, for sure, that india hasn't given as much as it has taken over this period, former bangladesh high commissioner to india tariq karim told the telegraph.
that's what happens when you have a successful relationship - the expectations keep increasing, and always outstrip what states can actually deliver.
hasina is scheduled to land around noon tomorrow, and mamata is also expected to reach delhi by the evening.
the bangladesh prime minister will stay at the rashtrapati bhavan.
it is unclear whether mamata and hasina will meet tomorrow, but they will have three opportunities to talk over the weekend.
mamata will not be part of the official talks between the two delegations at hyderabad house on saturday morning.
but she will join modi and hasina on saturday afternoon there immediately after the talks, to virtually flag off a calcutta-khulna bus, and the inauguration of a trial run of a calcutta-khulna train.
she will then join the two prime ministers for a lunch - an occasion that will give the three leaders time to speak - that modi is hosting in honour of hasina.
mamata is also expected to attend a banquet dinner the president is hosting for hasina on sunday evening.
mukherjee has also invited the chief ministers of other states bordering bangladesh - assam, meghalaya, tripura and mizoram.
the outreach to mamata by modi and sushmaswaraj highlights the leverage she enjoys over the teesta dispute, because water and rivers fall under the concurrent list of the indian constitution, and so are governed jointly by states and the centre.
mamata, who had initially agreed to the teesta pact in 2011 but had backed out of it days before it was to be inked, had in 2015 indicated to bangladesh leaders that she may relax her opposition after the 2016 assembly elections.
political tensions, however, soared between mamata and modi after the elections, and when the prime minister tried to reach out to her on the teesta soon after the results of the state polls, the response was cool.
the central government's commitment to the teesta agreement is well known, but we have explained to bangladesh that ours is a federal polity, sripriya ranganathan, the joint secretary in charge of relations with dhaka at the indian foreign ministry, said today.
and that part (getting the bengal government to dump its opposition) remains the challenge.
but the modi government's readiness to put the political bitterness between the bjp and the trinamul congress aside for the time being also underscores the centrality of the teesta pact to india-bangladesh relations.
the two countries have resolved their decades-old land and maritime border disputes over the past three years and india today exports more power to bangladesh than ever.
dhaka is extending transit rights that will allow new delhi to connect india's northeast to the sea and to the rest of india.
apart from bhutan, india has never given any country the financial aid - grants and loans - it is offering to bangladesh.
the two countries are cooperating on counter-terrorism more than ever.
still, there's one key area - water - where the nations have failed to arrive at breakthroughs, and the domestic opposition in dhaka is playing up that gap ahead of the national elections in bangladesh to suggest hasina has given india more than she has got.
remember, bangladesh is a predominantly agrarian society and depends on river water, debapriya bhattacharya, a distinguished fellow at the centre for policy dialogue (cpd), a prominent dhaka-based think tank, said from the bangladesh capital.
that is why teesta is a top priority for bangladesh and there is deep disappointment that india isn't able to resolve its internal issues and deliver on what has been promised.
but the tensions between the centre and bengal government on the teesta pact have spilled over onto other discussions on water too.
bangladesh is keen that while the two countries wait for mamata's nod to the teesta pact, they at least agree to a barrage on the ganga in bangladesh territory.
this, dhaka argues, will help retain rain water that can be used for irrigation.
but india argues that more studies are needed before the project can be approved, and the modi government is convinced the mamata administration will not at present agree to the initiative, which will also impact the flow of water into bengal.
india is keen to begin water sharing from the 53 rivers other than the teesta that run between the two countries.
but bangladesh has made clear it does not want to proceed with water sharing on any of the other rivers before it seals the teesta pact.
poor coordination between the modi and mamata governments has left a plan to jointly manage the basins of the rivers india and bangladesh share, for riverine trade, in limbo.
sushma swaraj new delhi, april 6: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's assertion on wednesday that india does not cry racism while probes are on over attacks on its nationals abroad overlooked the track record of her own prime minister - and his predecessor - in concluding a race bias.
her comments also papered over a confusion within her own government's approach to crises involving foreign nationals if they were of indian origin, and overlooked her own recent hint at racism involving an indian priest in australia.
sushma had criticised african ambassadors to india yesterday in parliament for publicly calling recent attacks on nigerian nationals in greater noida xenophobic and racial.
she had argued that india did not jump to similar conclusions when its nationals were attacked abroad, unless a probe had conclusively established racial bias.
she cited recent attacks in the us and in the african nation of mozambique to buttress her point.
we say every criminal act is not racist.
that's why we are saying, wait for the probe to be completed and its results to be out.
but prime minister narendra modi, when he was chief minister of gujarat, had in 2009 made clear to a group of visiting australian leaders that he viewed attacks on indian students in that country as racist.
the australian government and law enforcement agencies were still probing the incidents at that time and had denied a racist link.
he urged the australian government to find a permanent solution to the racist attack on the indian students and to create a favourable atmosphere of trust and safety for them, modi told the australian delegation, including the then australian high commissioner, on july 8, 2009, according to a readout of the meeting still available on his website.
modi wasn't the only indian leader at the time to insist the attacks - or at least some of them - were racist.
i have been appalled by the senseless violence and crime, some of which are racist in nature, then prime minister manmohan singh had said in parliament on june 9, 2009 - a month before modi's comment to the australian delegation.
the australian government conceded only a year later that some of the attacks on indian students - dozens were injured in a spate of assaults centred on melbourne - were racially motivated.
the modi government has also broken with past indian diplomatic traditions by protesting attacks on foreign nationals of indian origin.
in the past india had limited its articulation of concerns to incidents of attacks on indian nationals abroad.
delhi articulated concerns over attacks on indian-origin american citizens recently and, in november, modi had dialled his australian counterpart malcolm turnbull to protest the killing of an indian-origin australian bus driver.
no racial motive had been established at that point.
some officials here conceded that while the moves helped solidify the government's support within the indian diaspora, they also sent the signal that india viewed the world through the prism of ethnicity more than nationality.
sushma too recently suggested a racial bias against an indian priest who was attacked in a church in australia - without using the word and hours after the attack, while the incident was being probed.
there was an attempt on the life of a church priest of indian origin father tomy mathew in australia by a citizen of italian origin, sushmaswaraj had written on twitter on march 20.
the attacker had a problem with father mathew presiding over the church.
some basic principles of statecraft do not change with every change of government.
this is particularly true of foreign policy.
sushma swaraj, indias new external affairs minister, did well to assure dhaka during her visit there that she would try to complete the tasks initiated by manmohan singhs government in order to improve india-bangladesh relations.
the fact that dhaka was ms swarajs first trip abroad after assuming her new charge carried its own message.
the government and the political class in dhaka waited to receive the right signals from ms swaraj.
illegal immigration from bangladesh into india had figured prominently in narendra modis election campaign in the eastern states of india.
understandably, there were some misgivings in dhaka about how mr modis government intended to tackle the issue.
ms swaraj did the right thing by not raising the issue with bangladeshi leaders.
judging by responses from dhaka, ms swarajs mission was successful.
she seems to have succeeded in assuring bangladesh that the strident political rhetoric of the bharatiya janata party would not derail diplomatic initiatives nurtured over the years.
however, ms swaraj may have to attend soon to more substantive matters in india-bangladesh ties.
there are several issues that the previous regime in new delhi left unresolved.
two of these  settling the land border and sharing the waters of the teesta river  are of particular interest to dhaka.
the bjp had opposed the united progressive alliance governments commitment to dhaka on the land border agreement.
mamata banerjee, west bengals chief minister, scuttled, almost single-handedly, the move on the sharing of the teesta waters.
bangladesh should not be made to suffer from turf battles among political parties in india.
how new delhi honours its commitments on these two issues is crucial to the stability of india-bangladesh ties.
the government of sheikh hasina wajed had consistently acted on some of indias security concerns.
its record in containing islamic militancy in bangladesh and in pushing insurgents from indias northeast out of its territory has been commendable.
it is time that new delhi delivered on its side of the bargain.
indias failure to do this could spell trouble for ms wajed.
the perception that india cannot be trusted may harm its image in the region.
anita joshuaexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a press conference announcing the death of 39 indians who were kidnapped in iraq, in new delhi on tuesday.
pti picturenew delhi: multiple retired diplomats have said that while no government could have declared abducted citizens dead without conclusive evidence, the indian foreign ministry should have chosen its words with more care while dealing with the relatives of the 39 mosul hostages.
at least one retired diplomat did not shy away from raising the fundamental question of poor intelligence, shifty contacts and lack of quick action and wondered why the government did not believe the sole eyewitness#.
k.p. fabian, the joint secretary in charge of the gulf during the 1990 kuwait operation that became the largest civilian evacuation in history, felt that perhaps the government could have chosen its words more carefully.
where there was ignorance of what had happened, they could have said so, he said.
several families had insisted on tuesday, when sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed that all the 39 indians had been killed, that the foreign minister had misled them repeatedly.
according to fabian, the government should have paid greater attention to harjit masih, the lone indian to escape from mosul.
his statement should have been assessed carefully, and he should have been put through a lie-detector test.
the government shouldn't have been so dismissive about his statement.
k.c. singh, a former diplomat and strategic affairs analyst, was blunt when the news broke on tuesday: this was unfortunately always feared.
eam swaraj kept offering hope when gov was covering up poor intel, shifty contacts & lack of quick action.
#gov needs to compensate families for pain and financial losses.
#why did india not believe surviving eyewitness?
few others were willing to discuss on record what looks like an unintended and undeclared insight provided by the tragedy: the entire indian intelligence appeared to have been groping in the dark for nearly four years in one of the biggest flashpoints in the world.
singh held both the centre and the congress in punjab guilty of trying to build a feel-good factor, the latter ahead of the assembly elections last year.
gov marketed feel-good story as punjab elections loomed & they espoused the convenient & ignored truth.
you don't confirm death; nor do you offer unrealistic hope.
but then that isn't this gov's forte!
he tweeted.
former ambassador chinmay garekhan found the government's repeated suggestions that hostages could be alive intriguing.
but talmiz ahmad, who was involved in the rescue of indian truckers from iraq in 2004, and pavan varma, a former ifs officer who is now with the janata dal united, were categorical in stating that the government could not have handled the situation in any different manner.
ahmad underlined the situation in iraq in 2014 when the islamic state was on the rampage and there was no scope for negotiations.
and, our people were most likely put to death quickly.
our government took the most appropriate position.
there is no way any government could have announced the death on the basis of suspicion as there are legal, political and emotional implications, ahmad said.
on the intelligence question, he said several years of war followed by is control of parts of iraq had disrupted the networks india had built over the years.
on the charge that sushma's assurances had raised false hopes among the family members, ahmad said: she has a duty to keep hopes alive.
family members deserve hope.
no one has a right to declare anyone dead without evidence.
varma said: whichever government is in office, no stone is left unturned in such circumstances to secure the release of our citizens.
and which responsible government could have announced on the floor of parliament that they were dead without evidence?
new delhi, june 14: prime minister narendra modi will visit nepal in the first week of august for wide-ranging discussions with the kathmandu leadership on upgrading ties.
this will most likely be modis third bilateral visit since he took office, following bhutan and japan, and the first by an indian prime minister to nepal since 1997.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, national security adviser ajit doval and foreign secretary sujatha singh are likely to be on the delegation along with a few other ministers, sources have told the telegraph.
modi had a short meeting with nepali counterpart sushil koirala following his inauguration on may 26 during which he spoke of his governments wish to bring closer focus on relations with nepal.
a bilateral visit, not undertaken by new delhi in nearly two decades, would be demonstrative of that will, south block believes.
finer details of the visit are in the process of being worked out.
it is likely that other than talks with the government, modi will also want to use the visit to open a dialogue with nepals maoist leaders prachanda and baburam bhattarai, and get a sense of their perception of domestic politics as well as ties with india.
dates are also being so calibrated that the prime ministers nepal itinerary includes a monday: hes been told it is the most auspicious day to pray at kathmandus pashupatinath temple.
the nepali leadership is currently embroiled in its second strenuous bid to give the nation a constitution following the abrogation of hindu monarchy in 2008.
it is also likely that prime minister sushil koirala will leave soon for the united states for long-term treatment of a cancer affliction.
but south block is believed to have indicated to kathmandu that modi will go ahead with his august visit even if an acting prime minister is in saddle.
there is a keenness to make up on lost years, sources in the nepali establishment informed the telegraph.
the new government in india probably wants to send out a signal nepal is not a country it wants to take for granted, that it wants to engage at the top level.
its a no-brainer we are tied together in too many ways, but often nepal has had the sense of being forgotten.
the new government has issued good signs.
but beneath the psychological canopy of iterating civilisational kinship, modi will take to nepal a long agenda scroll ranging from geo-political and strategic concerns to road-building.
a key box he may want ticked is the long-pending finalisation of an extradition treaty.
new delhi has been pressing for this afresh with an eye on closing the noose on terror networks that often operate out of nepal or hibernate across the open  and porous  border.
india has often accused pakistan-based groups of using nepal as a conduit route to export terror  and fake currency  to india.
nepali cooperation was critical to netting two alleged terrorists high on indias wanted list in august last year  abdul karim tunda, the 71-year-old suspected to be a lashkar-e-toiba bomber with links to dawood ibrahim, and yasin bhatkal, the 31-year-old said to be the co-founder of the indian mujahideen terror outfit.
but an extradition treaty, new delhi believes, will help not merely formalise but also streamline counter-terror and anti-crime cooperation between the two countries.
the treaty lies signed at the secretary level but has yet to be politically ratified.
sources indicate modi could be carrying to nepal the gift of an 800-megawatt hydropower project to be delivered on a two-year deadline; this will help offset some of nepals huge power deficit.
india has also been keen to set up, and run, a police training academy at panauti near kathmandu, especially since the chinese secured an agreement to build an armed police academy a while back.
the growing chinese presence in nepal is something india has looked at with mounting awe and suspicion.
at least in part, though, it must hold its own delivery record in nepal to blame.
the chinese have been efficient with their promised projects to nepal; the indians have lagged.
that has given popular currency to a slogan in nepal that runs india assures, china delivers.
one of indias long unfulfilled promises is the building of a criss-cross roads network along nepals madhesi flank that borders india.
this is a 1,400-odd-kilometre project meant to run east to west on the nepali side with several feeder roads running north-south to connect nepals terai with the hill regions.
india is contracted to build these roads but work has languished for years now.
the nepal government is now likely to request india that these roads be handed over to the border roads organisation to construct.
another project the nepal government might seek indias assistance with is the rs 8,000-crore kathmandu-nijgarh fast-track road, intended to provide quick access to the nepali capital from nijgarh, where a new international airport is planned.
its only an 80-kilometre stretch as the crow flies, but through rough hill terrain.
the fast track will require deep mountain tunnelling of the kind that indian enterprises have better experience with.
new delhi, jan.
14: the catholic bishops conference of india today went public with the measures it had taken to secure the release of tom uzhunnalil, three weeks after the kidnapped priest purportedly accused the church of inaction in a video.
the bishops conference also called for a day of prayer next weekend for the clergyman.
a video had surfaced last month in which a man who seems a frailer version of uzhunnalil, kidnapped from an old-age home in yemen on march 4 last year, accused the vatican and new delhi of not doing enough to secure his release.
in a letter to all the catholic churches in the country, bishops conference president baselios cardinal cleemis said the church had been in constant touch with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her ministry to request them to speed up the priest's release.
the cbci general secretariat has also been in touch with bishop paul hinder, vicar apostolic of southern arabia, yemen.
we have been assured that he is alive and safe, the letter said.
cardinal cleemis added that the bishops conference had intensified its efforts after the video surfaced on december 24 and had sought an appointment with the prime minister.
uzhunnalil was kidnapped by militants from an establishment run by the missionaries of charity in aden.
four nuns, including an indian, and 12 others were killed in the attack.
the government has not been able to establish the identity of uzhunnalil's captors as yemen is divided between territories controlled by the ousted regime backed by saudi arabia, iran-supported houthi rebels, and terror outfits such as the islamic state.
what has made the situation even more difficult is the absence of a working indian mission in yemen.
india closed its embassy in yemeni capital sana'a in 2015 after evacuating over 4,000 indians from the strife-torn nation.
the man in the video said his abductors had communicated with the indian government and that new delhi was misleading the nation by claiming it was doing all it could.
new delhi, feb.
27: support from cyber citizens has not helped narendra modi get the unqualified endorsement from the rss parivar that would be critical for him to move from gandhinagar to new delhi.
the gujarat chief minister sought to conquer web space by getting friendly sites to post laudatory pieces  authored by in-house courtiers to former bureaucrats and foreign journalists  on him.
the sum and substance is that elevation from being the chief minister to the prime minister is two years and a mindset change away: forget 2002 and the post-godhra carnage, embrace his development and governance agendas and modis the perfect candidate to extricate india from the morass of corruption and cynicism it has supposedly sunk into.
unfortunately for modi, the enthusiasm among the cyberati is not shared by the decision-makers in the rss and the bjp who will exercise the veto if and when the issue of projecting a prime minister candidate before the 2014 polls arises.
those who count in the family are unhappy with him for various reasons, a sangh source said.
that the rss has the last word on the bjps leadership questions was repeatedly established.
in the prelude to the 1996 lok sabha elections, when it was virtually a given in the party that l.k. advani would be its prime minister face, the sangh hurtled a googly by pushing atal bihari vajpayees name, primarily to attract the secular forces towards a bjp-led coalition.
in 2008, notwithstanding the jinnah controversy, the rss reluctantly accepted advanis candidacy for the top job.
in 2009, it forcefully pitched for a relatively unknown regional leader as nitin gadkari to head the bjp, overlooking the claims of the powerful delhi clique of arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj, m. venkaiah naidu and ananth kumar, all patronised by advani.
however, unlike sections in the bjp that dismissed modis contentions outright, recent off-the-record conversations with sangh and vishwa hindu parishad leaders indicated that they took a more rounded view.
this despite modis penchant for defying the parivar code and the bjps organisational discipline that has come to the fore several times, very recently too.
first, despite gadkaris requests, modi refused to campaign in the uttar pradesh elections.
bjp sources in gandhinagar said: he is convinced that the bjp will come a poor fourth, behind the congress.
so whats the point in wasting time and energy, he thought.
jaitley, who is considered close to modi, admitted in a tv interview on sunday that the bjp chief wanted modi in uttar pradesh and that the president has the last word in the party.
he also hinted that there were intra-party differences over gadkaris appointment of sanjay joshi as the minder in the heartland elections.
nonetheless, the sangh wanted to keep modi on board because: it felt he was the only bjp leader who could rally the cadres around.
in an election, if the cadres are motivated, then three-fourths of the job is accomplished, a source said.
with the stakes running high in the gujarat polls  it was the one election that the parivar hoped would break the bjps prolonged drought of wins  the view was that modi must not be riled.
growing acceptability among the thinking classes sold on economic growth, especially after manmohan singhs graph on this attribute started declining.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lights the nalanda university inaugural lamp watched by chief minister jitan ram manjhi, dean anjana sharma and vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal at the convention centre in rajgir.
picture by nagendra kumar singh rajgir, sept.
19: eight hundred or so years ago, nalandas great centre of learning perished under the hoof of a new ruling order, ransacked and cindered by warlord bakhtiyar khilji, freshly arrived from the mameluk conquest of delhi.
this afternoon, a rekindling was staged close to the grand ruins under unmissable intimations of another regime change.
chancellor amartya sen, no favourite by some distance of the narendra modi dispensation, opted to bunk the opening of the institution of his pioneering.
in a felicitation message, sen cited duties at harvard to explain his notable absence, but the real reason should have escaped few: the celebrated laureate and modi critic isnt a terribly welcome presence on campus anymore.
backstage, as external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lit the inaugural lamp on nalanda university (nu), a member of the exclusive mentor group whispered out his sense of whats only speculation at the moment.
you know amartya sens term as chancellor comes up for renewal next july and no guesses on what will happen.
there is a political significance to who is here and who isnt, and it is for nobody to ignore.
sens presence at nu, even as a missive despatched from afar, may already be a shadow in retreat.
and former chief minister nitish kumar, who seeded the nu project, has verily been packed off it, not even among the invitees.
vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal was about the only one to script sen and nitish into her gratitude list, along with that other entity who has probably been made to forget what it is like to be thanked: former prime minister manmohan singh.
as she set out to celebrate what she called the resurrection of nu, sabharwal unveiled her wish to be grateful for this day to manmohan singh, nitish and sen for spurring the enterprise.
she then invoked swaraj and said, and of course we are thankful to the external affairs minister for her interest and her engagement.
shortly before the formalities began, sabharwal told the telegraph she had been elated to see the new government at the centre take ownership of nu, mandated by an act of parliament as a ministry of external affairs (mea) enterprise.
both sushmaswaraj swaraj and the mea have responded quickly and positively, which is very heartening for us, sabharwal said.
it is now upon all of us to prove we can deliver a world class institution.
having arrived at todays well-appointed cameo opening at the rajgir international convention centre against many odds, sabharwal said: this is a day to celebrate the resurrection of nalanda for our times.
but this milestone is only the starting point of a challenging journey, a lifetime opportunity that will only be achieved through unity and solidarity.
foreign minister swaraj, for her part, responded with ready assurance.
this university is not the pride of nalanda or of bihar alone, she said, turning to bihar chief minister jitan ram manjhi seated beside her.
this is what all of india draws esteem from, and we wish to see nalanda return to its old worldwide glory.
and this has been a commitment across party and political lines, unanimously.
swaraj then addressed a small clutch of diplomats in attendance, saying: some of your nations have taken keen interest in nalanda and come forward to help.
what we want is to expand the engaged international circle for nalanda, and create a truly international university where students from across the world will want to come and study.
the international presence included the envoys of thailand and singapore, and officials from vietnam, laos, germany and the uk.
also among the invitees sat nu mentors lord meghnad desai and n.k. singh.
briefly, towards the end, swaraj turned away from her prepared text in english  for the benefit of international guests  and ventured in evocative hindi to a round of applause.
nalanda was not a university but a tradition, she said.
and traditions dont die, they just become dormant sometimes.
today we have revived it.
one legend has it there were so many books in the libraries of old nalanda that they kept the cooking fires of bakhtiyar khiljis soldiers going for six months.
the new nu has 15 students and 11 faculty, a set wonderfully small and organic, is how dean archana sharma put it.
they dont have a campus yet, not to speak of a library; a small local hotel is the nus camp address.
vice-chancellor sabharwal was right, today was merely the inauguration of a challenge.
amartya sen may not be on the road ahead, but the pledged rs 2,727-crore kitty should afford them some conversion of dream to reality.
perumbavoor (kerala), may 6: at 12.
22pm, the petition started by kozhikode-based rohit poroli seeking justice for the 27-year-old law student brutally raped and murdered in her own home had 2,799 supporters.
five hours later, the signatories had multiplied to 26,876 and counting.
this is just one of the efforts underway to mount pressure on the election-bound state apparatus to track down the killers, and also to go after the local politicians and administrators guilty of dereliction of duty to ensure housing for the dalit girl and her mother who battled the odds to put her daughter through law college.
in a state that prides itself on its social indices, the two lived in a shack with a hole in the corner covered with a newspaper for a toilet not too far from kerala's financial capital, kochi.
being dalits and with no man in the house, they had to deal with a hostile neighbourhood.
and the daughter, sexual harassment.
today, as the mother struggles to reconcile with her loss and the last image of her child - lying brutalised in the one place they could call home - she only wants justice.
her behaviour of the past week has earned the day labourer the reputation of being mentally unstable but nurses and attendants at taluk hospital maintain she is yet to come out of the shock of discovering her daughter dead eight days ago, with dozens of injuries and her intestine spilling out.
when she was initially brought in by police, we consulted a psychologist to see if she could be given sleeping pills only because she was unable to sleep and badly needed rest.
this has been twisted out of context to make it appear that she is deranged.
far from it, said a staff member.
the hospital staff are now used to dealing with a strong khaki presence outside ward no.
5, frequent vip visits with the media in tow, and a daily dose of protests outside.
for the first two days, there was no one except her elder daughter and grandson.
once the rape hit the headlines, we had to move her to the staff sick room so that other patients are not inconvenienced by all this attention.
now, visitors to the ward are closely monitored and the family has been told not to speak to anyone without authorisation, said a member of the kerala armed police on vigil outside the ward.
under the watchful eye of the police with one nurse after the other dissuading her from speaking - as students of a neighbourhood school protested silently outside - the dead student's sister told the telegraph the only reason the family was speaking to the media was to get justice.
we are very conscious of the fact that we will be forgotten after the elections are over on may 16.
the students outside held up posters threatening to boycott the polls if the guilty are not nabbed, echoing a call by oscar-winning sound mixer resul pookutty.
members of the cherama sambava development society blocked the main junction to the town for a good part of the morning.
simultaneously, a petition was filed in kerala high court demanding that a special investigation team be constituted to look into the case or the matter be transferred to the cbi.
after the prosecution informed the court that an sit had already been formed and the case was at a sensitive stage, the court granted it time till the month-end.
earlier in the day, union home minister rajnath singh said in kollam that the centre was ready to order a cbi probe if the state recommended one.
the congress-led udf government's handling of the case has put it on the mat but the left is not in a position to earn brownie points either since the mother has openly accused sitting mla saju paul of ignoring her petition for proper housing - kerala has a scheme under which scs and sts are given financial help to build houses - and complaints of harassment by neighbours.
thus, the waters are suitably muddied for the bjp to fish in and the party is making the most of it.
prime minister narendra modi joined the chorus at his first election rally in the state today in palakkad, where he built a case for the lotus to flower in the stagnant waters of kerala's bipolar politics.
modi said his government was responsive to people's issues and had brought back nurses from war zones.
last year when our daughters who had gone to work as nurses in gulf countries were abducted by terrorists, we could not sleep peacefully.
sister sushmaswaraj swaraj worked day in and day out to get them back to their homes.
on the other hand, look at kerala.
last week a dalit girl was raped and brutally murdered but the government was nowhere to be seen, modi said.
malayalis were very simple and did not understand the perfect scientific arrangement (by the left and congress) to loot them for five years each, he said.
their business is such that there is no umpire in the assembly.
to save kerala, the bjp should be the umpire, modi said.
new delhi, nov.
26: bjp boss nitin gadkari has been checked in his tracks by his colleagues.
gadkari, who sought ram jethmalanis expulsion and a warning to yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha, had to rest content with serving a showcause notice to the veteran lawyer, asking why he should not be expelled from the bjp for six years.
sources said gadkari had wanted precipitate and decisive steps to be taken against jethmalani, a rajya sabha mp, and the sinhas, both lok sabha mps, for questioning his leadership and the bjps official stand against the appointment of new cbi director ranjit sinha.
jethmalani was, accordingly, suspended yesterday.
the bjp parliamentary board was to meet today to ratify the suspension and recommend his expulsion.
it met, only to direct the lawyer to formally bear out why he should not be expelled.
there was no word on the sinhas, both of whom had backed jethmalanis assertions against gadkari and on ranjit sinhas appointment.
sources said the leaders chose to give them latitude because of their political equity.
while shatrughan is a crowd-puller, yashwant is an effective speaker on economics and foreign policy matters.
asked about jaswant singhs swift expulsion in 2010 for his acknowledged work on mohammed ali jinnah, a source said: jethmalani is a lawyer, jaswant is not.
sources said the action against singh, who has since been readmitted, was taken under pressure from narendra modi, who had warned that singhs laudatory allusions to the founder of pakistan had angered gujaratis.
the bjps action appeared to have partially reined in jethmalani, who speaks his mind out to the media with or without provocation.
today, he wrote to the parliamentary board members but refused to reveal the contents to reporters.
it is learnt he insinuated that arun jaitleys opposition to the cbi chiefs appointment was motivated because a former junior of jaitley (a top lawyer who stopped accepting briefs once he became rajya sabha opposition leader) was fighting a case for delhi police commissioner neeraj kumar.
kumar has contested the appointment in the central administrative tribunal.
it is believed that later in the three-page letter, jethmalani admitted that his diatribe against jaitley and lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj for challenging the appointment was not entirely justified because their reservations were against institutional norms and not against an individual as such.
the bjp has objected to the decision on the ground that a house committee had recommended that a collegium should make such appointments.
in patna, chief minister nitish kumar said he wouldnt object to the appointment, sowing the seeds of a fresh strain in his partys testy relationship with ally bjp.
efforts to reach jethmalani failed.
new delhi, feb.
12: the bjp has assured prime minister manmohan singh it will help in the introduction and passage of the telangana bill in lok sabha on thursday, but on certain conditions.
the government should put the house in order, prevent pandemonium and ensure that the bills passage is preceded by discussions and an opportunity to move amendments, bjp leaders told manmohan and his senior cabinet colleagues at a luncheon meet today.
voting should be possible, if needed, on amendments, the prime minister was told by the bjp team that included opposition leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj, bjp president rajnath singh and l.k advani.
manmohan was joined by senior cabinet colleagues p. chidambaram, sushil kumar shinde and kamal nath.
jaitley and sushmaswaraj reportedly stressed that while the bjp had directed its mps to turn up in full strength, sit quietly and speak only when asked, it was more incumbent on the congress to ensure its andhra pradesh ministers and mps did not run amok when the bill is tabled.
sources said they had told manmohan that some congress ministers were uncontrollable.
when you are unable to carry your own partys mps along, how can you expect the others to work with you?
sushma was quoted as saying.
at this, sources said, chidambaram and nath argued that the congress had done everything possible to set the house in order, expelling six party mps.
it was a painful decision, nath, the parliamentary affairs minister, reportedly said.
the bjp indicated that it was against naming members but added it had left it to lok sabha speaker meira kumar to use marshals to evict recalcitrant members.
bjp allies shiv sena and the akali dal oppose telangana.
telugu desam party chief n chandrababu naidu has lately met their leaders to drum up support for a united andhra.
there is an unusually strident refusal on the part of the congress president, sonia gandhi, to name her partys prime ministerial candidate.
she has tried to be very proper by saying that the leader will be selected by members of the congress legislative party once the new lok sabha is formed.
there are some problems with this attempt to be proper by the strict norms of the westminster model.
first, is the point of consistency.
after having nominated, for two terms, a prime minister who does not belong to the lower house of parliament, ms gandhi can hardly invoke the practices of the british political system.
there is another point to remember.
the present prime minister, who should by all conventions be seen as the head of the congress within parliament, has declared that he is not in the running for the top job for a third time.
those who will be voting for the congress in the forthcoming general elections deserve to know who will be guiding the future of the country when and if the congress were to be called upon to form the government.
the congress president refuses, for reasons best known to her, to name that leader.
this is unfair to the voters as the party expects them to vote without knowing who is going to lead the government.
the bharatiya janata party may be under the illusion that it does not face a similar problem since it has announced narendra modi as its prime ministerial candidate.
the fact of the matter is that the bjp has a leader of the party in the lower house of parliament.
obviously, the party feels that sushmaswaraj swaraj, the leader of the bjp in the lok sabha, is not good enough to be its next prime ministerial candidate.
the nomination of mr modi can be interpreted as a vote of no confidence for ms swaraj.
yet the latter continues to be the leader of the bjp in the lower house.
logically, she needs to step down as the party prefers someone else to be the leader.
the bjps present leader in the lok sabha is only a nominal one since she is in no position to direct the partys future.
the bjp, thus, is no more free of contradictions than the congress, so far as democratic praxis is concerned.
it is easy to see these lapses in practice not as contradictions or lacunae but as forms that are emerging as special to indian democracy, and that these forms do not necessarily have any relationship with the practice of democracy at its original site.
this argument is attractive and has advocates especially among those who prefer indian democracy and not democracy in india.
but the problem is that the constitution drew heavily on british practice and the parliamentary procedures are all based on british precedent.
the first major breach from these occurred with a prime minister from the upper house.
the breach could become a slide.
in a media briefing, finance minister arun jaitley said the most-favoured nation (mfn) status to pakistan stands revoked.
the telegraph file picturefollowing the pulwama terror attack, india on friday withdrew the 'most-favoured nation' status to pakistan, a move that would enable india to increase customs duty on goods coming from the neighbouring country.
in a media briefing after the meeting of the cabinet committee on security (ccs), finance minister arun jaitley said the most-favoured nation (mfn) status to pakistan stands revoked.
india had granted the mfn status to pakistan way back in 1996, but islamabad has not yet reciprocated.
the mfn status was accorded under wto's general agreement on tariffs and trade (gatt).
both india and pakistan are signatories to this, and are members of the world trade organisation (wto), which means they have to treat each other and the other wto member countries as favoured trading partners in terms of imposing customs duties on goods.
removal of this status means india can now increase customs duties to any level on goods coming from pakistan, a trade expert said.
(from left) finance minister arun jaitley, home minister rajnath singh, prime minister narendra modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman during a cabinet committee on security meeting to discuss the pulwama terror attack.
ptiindia-pakistan trade has increased marginally to $2.
41 billion in 2017-18 as against $2.
27 billion in 2016-17.
india imported goods worth $488.
5 million in 2017-18 and exported goods worth $1.
92 billion in that fiscal.
under the mfn pact, a wto member country is obliged to treat the other trading nation in a non-discriminatory manner, especially with regard to customs duty and other levies.
india mainly exports cotton, dyes, chemicals, vegetables and iron and steel; while it imports fruits, cement, leather, chemicals and spices.
the ccs meet was chaired by prime minister narendra modi to discuss the security scenario in jammu and kashmir in the wake of the pulwama terror attack.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (right) outside parliament on wednesday.
swaraj, who was unwell, was making her first appearance in public in five months and was greeted with a thumping of desks by fellow parliamentarians.
picture by prem singh new delhi, march 15: sushmaswaraj swaraj had to deliver a statement in parliament.
but the 64-year-old foreign minister ended up making a statement even before she had uttered a word.
the senior-most woman minister in the narendra modi government today made a public appearance after almost five months of poor health, drawing welcoming desk thumps from lok sabha members across party lines.
sushma, who underwent a kidney transplant in early december, has worked from home since late october.
under medical advice, she has avoided meeting even visiting foreign dignitaries as she prepared for the surgery and then recuperated from it.
the foreign minister, whom doctors continue to advise to shun travel, yesterday made a brief visit to south block for a meeting, senior officials said.
her inability to travel or meet incoming visitors had over the past few weeks triggered growing questions about her ability to continue as india's chief diplomat.
her deputies, m.j. akbar and v.k. singh, were increasingly filling in for her.
but her decision to appear in public today coincided with a lacuna created in the senior echelons of the government following defence minister manohar parrikar's return to goa as chief minister.
and the ovation she received underscored a rare feat for a member of a government seen by the opposition as hostile to efforts to forge a genuine consensus on any dispute.
i want to thank the entire house for their good wishes.
it is because of your blessings and my faith in krishna that i have completely recovered and returned to be here.
dressed in a turquoise green sari and a trademark matching jacket, sushmaswaraj was accompanied by saffron-robed water resources minister uma bharti throughout the time she spent in the lok sabha today.
uma had received sushmaswaraj at the main entrance of parliament and brought her to the lower house.
sushma delivered a prepared statement on the spate in hate crimes in the us against indians or members of the indian american community.
indian engineer srinivas kuchibhotla was shot dead in a kansas bar-cum-grill last month.
indian americans deep rai and harnish patel too were shot at.
patel died but police have not confirmed that the attack was a hate crime.
rai has survived and his shooting is being probed as a hate crime.
i want to make it clear that this government never keeps quiet when anyone of our people is in trouble.
she reaffirmed a position the foreign office has maintained: that india is confident that the american authorities are doing all they can to bring the perpetrators to justice.
after her statement, speaker mahajan said: it was good to hear your powerful voice resonate once again in the house.
a stream of mps across party lines walked up to greet sushma.
some bent to touch her feet while others walked up to her with folded hands.
while convalescing, sushmaswaraj had remained active on twitter and attended to her official work from home.
her public appearance today was her first since october 16, when she embraced visiting myanmar state councillor aung san suu kyi in new delhi.
since then, she has been unable to meet any of the 30 presidents, vice-presidents, prime ministers and foreign ministers who have visited india over the past five months, and whom she would otherwise have had to call upon or receive.
new delhi, july 25: junior foreign minister v.k. singh today asked china to show utmost respect to a un tribunal ruling against it on the contested south china sea, adopting a tone harsher than even beijing's neighbouring rival claimants at a time bilateral ties are already tense.
singh made the comments at the end of a meeting with foreign ministers of the 10-member association of south east asian nations (asean) in vientiane, the capital of laos, hours after the divided grouping chose not to criticize china.
a tribunal at the un's permanent court of arbitration (pca) at the hague had earlier this month ruled in favour of the philippines against china in their spat over chunks of the south china sea.
the tribunal, set up under the un convention on the law of the seas (unclos), ruled china's definition of its maritime territory in the sea as illegal.
china has refused to accept the verdict, arguing that it will only recognize the outcome of any bilateral negotiations with the philippines and six other countries - vietnam, japan, malaysia, south korea, taiwan and brunei - over competing claims to the south china sea.
india, as a state party to the unclos, urges all parties to show utmost respect for the unclos, which is the foundation of the international legal order of the seas and oceans, singh said in his closing statement at the meeting with the asean ministers.
like several asean countries, india too has respected the decision of the international tribunal to resolve maritime disputes with its neighbours peacefully.
india believes that states should resolve disputes through peaceful means, without threat or use of force.
since the ruling at the hague, india has emphasized its faith in the tribunal set up under the unclos, and has pointed to its decision in june 2014 to accept a similar verdict that allocated most of the bay of bengal as an exclusive economic zone (eez) to bangladesh.
india and bangladesh had failed to mark out their maritime boundary bilaterally and dhaka had eventually approached the un tribunal - not dissimilar to the spat between china and the philippines, which approached the pca.
but singh's tone was the harshest from india yet.
it represented a sign of the position india is expected to take at a key meeting tomorrow of the foreign ministers of the east asia summit -- which includes the asean members, the us, russia, china, south korea, japan, india, australia and new zealand.
singh is representing india because foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who suffered from a bout of pneumonia recently, has been advised to try to avoid travel.
singh's comments come at a time relations between india and china appear on a downward spiral.
sushma last week directly blamed china in parliament for blocking india's bid to join in june the nuclear suppliers group, the 48-nation club that alone decides the rules for nuclear trade.
china has expressed concern at the deaths of kashmiri protestors in clashes with indian security forces after the killing of hizbul mujahideen commander burhan wani.
and new delhi has decided to expel three journalists from the chinese state-run news agency xinhua posted in india, at the end of the month, suggesting that they masqueraded under false identities to gain access to a tibetan settlement in karnataka.
singh's comments also stood out today, because they were harsher than the statement that the asean released following its meeting with china, even though four members - malaysia, vietnam, brunei and the philippines - are directly locked in maritime disputes with beijing.
the asean-china statement did not even refer to the international tribunal's verdict against beijing in a joint statement.
four asean members - malaysia, vietnam, brunei and the philippines - are directly locked in maritime disputes with china, and manila has just won its biggest diplomatic victory against beijing in decades at the hague.
but host laos, cambodia, myanmar and thailand - four others in the asean - are diplomatic friends of china and are believed to have refused to join a tough condemnation of beijing.
asean takes decisions based on consensus.
at a meeting of just the asean foreign ministers yesterday, the grouping again chose not to refer to the international tribunal's ruling.
we are ready for talks.
we have never said we are not ready for talks but with the caveat that terror and talks cannot go together before or after polls.
there is no connection with the elections, she said.
sushma was responding to questions at her annual media conference - which usually coincides with the modi government turning a year - on the feelers being sent by pakistan for a dialogue.
she had specifically been asked whether talks with islamabad would be possible after the upcoming federal elections in pakistan.
sushma also sought to dispel the perception that some senior ministers - nirmala sitharaman and rajnath singh - had indicated that the government was open to dialogue with pakistan.
no indian minister has suggested that talks are possible under the prevailing circumstances.
talks cannot happen when the border is hot and the pakistanis are firing at us regularly, she said.
sushma clarified that the official-level contacts between india and pakistan in recent months were existing mechanisms that had continued to function.
the nsa (national security adviser) and dgmo (director general of military operations)-level mechanisms are functional as we believe that 'talks on terror' should go on.
so also track ii contacts like the neemrana dialogue.
the neemrana dialogue - the oldest track ii process between the two countries - was held in islamabad last month after a long gap.
while the track ii initiatives have been going on, despite the deep freeze in the bilateral relationship over the past two years, these meetings were usually held in a third country to work around visa difficulties.
on monday, the directors-general of the indian coast guard and the pakistan maritime security agency met in the capital to discuss operational issues, particularly those pertaining to fishermen who stray into each other's waters and oil spills in the sea.
cardinal telesphore p toppo (from right), missionaries of charity superior-general sister mary prema and auxiliary bishop to cardinal father theodore mascarenhas at the vatican on sunday.
telegraph picture ranchi, sept.
4: she was a nobel laureate and bharat ratna in her lifetime and she is a saint 19 years after her death but for cardinal telesphore p. toppo, who was at the vatican today, she would always be mother teresa.
his sentiments match pope francis, who in an impromptu moment, said, they would continue to spontaneously call her mother teresa.
the canonisation mass at st peter's square ended around 3.
30pm ist though after an hour, around 4.
30pm, when this correspondent finally spoke to the cardinal over phone, he was still caught in the milling crowds.
there are countless people at the vatican and at st peter's square.
people had been waiting since early morning to witness this grand event, he said, adding that roads had been closed for the past several days to vehicular traffic and only pedestrians were permitted.
the place where i have been put up takes less than 10 minutes to walk, as it is very near st peter's square.
but, today, i have been walking for over 15 minutes, it is so crowded, and reaching my abode will take more time, he said.
it's a hot day too, toppo said.
but, everyone is so disciplined, so quiet, so polite, so full of inner joy.
what were his feelings when pope francis declared blessed mother teresa a saint of the roman catholic church?
i have had the grace of god to attend many canonisation ceremonies at the vatican.
as the ceremony goes, today's canonisation of mother teresa was no different.
what made it special was that many of us present here had seen her in our lifetime.
for us, she was a living saint, he said.
though mother teresa is a saint of the catholic church, the cardinal prefers calling her mother teresa.
this name is more familiar to me.
this name is dear to my heart.
she has always been a saint for the poor, the downtrodden, sick and the forgotten.
for me, she would always be mother teresa, he said.
the cardinal added he met sushmaswaraj swaraj, the union external affairs minister, at the vatican several times today.
swaraj led the indian delegation for the sainthood mass.
she was so happy to be here.
the canonisation of mother teresa would have a great impact not only on india, but throughout asia, europe, africa and the americas in spreading the universal message of peace, love and hope.
there are many indians at the vatican now, including over a 100 bishops, toppo said.
many people told the cardinal that groups of indians were waving the tricolour at st peter's square.
but, as my eyes were glued to the altar, i could see nothing else, he said.
born anjez gonxhe bojaxhiu in 1910 in what is now macedonia, mother teresa, who founded the missionaries of charity in 1950 in calcutta, was proclaimed st teresa of calcutta almost exactly 19 years after her death on september 5, 1997.
two miracles were deemed to have been performed after her death, both involving the alleged cure of terminally ill persons, to lead to her canonisation.
india is learnt to have told tehran on tuesday that only the new government, expected to be in place before the month ends, can take any decision on buying oil from iran in the wake of washingtons move to end the temporary sanctions waiver.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is said to have conveyed this to her iranian counterpart javad zarif at their bilateral meeting in the capital.
there was no official word on what transpired at the meeting but sources said that on the purchase of oil from iran, the minister had reiterated the position that a decision will be taken after the elections, keeping in mind our commercial considerations, energy security and economic interests.
india, irans top oil client after china, has by all indications suspended imports of iranian oil from this month, though there has been no official word.
that was after washington announced in april that there would be no extension of the temporary exemption it had granted india and seven other countries, which had allowed them to import some iranian oil from november when the sanctions had kicked in.
washington wants to block irans oil exports after president donald trump pulled out of the 2015 joint comprehensive plan of action (jcpoa) between iran and the p5+1 countries  the us, russia, uk, france, china and germany  in may 2018 to curb tehrans nuclear programme.
with the us linking its help in getting jaish-e-mohammed founder masood azhar designated as a global terrorist by the un 1267 sanctions committee to india ending oil purchases from iran, the modi government has little room to negotiate at this point.
the sources said zarifs visit was his own initiative to brief india on the iranian approach to recent developments in the region, including the jcpoa accord, and to review bilateral cooperation.
this was part of their consultation with other countries in the region, including russia, china, turkmenistan and iraq, over the last few days, said a source.
at tuesdays bilateral meeting, india iterated its position on the jcpoa.
new delhi has always maintained that all signatories should remain invested in the deal despite the renewed pressure from the us.
india would like all parties to the agreement to continue to fulfil their commitments and all parties should engage constructively and resolve all issues peacefully and through dialogue, new delhi is understood to have communicated.
zarif recalled the steps announced by iranian president hassan rouhani, including the decisions linked to the export of enriched material and heavy water.
he is also said to have mentioned that a 60-day timeline had been given to the eu-3  uk, france and germany  and other parties to the jcpoa to restore the oil and banking channels.
apart from oil imports, the two sides reviewed progress on the chabahar port, recent developments in the gulf of oman where four commercial ships were targets of a sabotage attack on sunday, and the situation in afghanistan.
march 13: debarpan mukherjee was a sports topper at hindu school.
every time he returned home with a glittering trophy, durga shankar mukherjee would make space for his grandson's latest triumph in his cupboard, pushing aside his own as one of bengal's top cricketers in the 60s.
when the 30-year-old techie returned home from the us in a hearse today, the mukherjees of sukeas street didn't know where to place him.
techie debarpan mukherjeedied on march 10 aftersuffering a brain haemorrhagein new yorkthe small balcony and even smaller room was packed with friends and family members as the computer science student of new york university (nyu) arrived, his face covered with a garland.
after battling for almost three days since he suffered a brain haemorrhage, mukherjee passed away on march 10 at a hospital in queens, new york.
the telegraph on march 11 had reported mukherjee's uncle kaushik munshi, according to family members, was supposed to fly out to new york on march 10 night.
moments before he was to board the flight, he got a call from a relative, who had reached the hospital from toronto, about his nephew's death.
today, when mukherjee's body reached home, it was the end of all the dreams that his father debasish, a rail employee, had woven around his only son.
it also meant the end of the efforts undertaken by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help mukherjee and his family.
hours before mukherjee breathed his last, sushmaswaraj had called tinku mukherjee, the mother, and set in motion a series of actions involving the indian consulate in new york to help the family reach early.
i would like to thank sushmaswaraj ji with folded hands.
but the efforts bore no fruit.
i am left with nothing now.
my only son is dead, debasish told metro minutes after returning from the crematorium.
when my son told me about clearing the gre, i didn't know how to organise money.
i took an education loan of rs 20 lakh, he said.
my son had struggled very hard and i wanted to help him every which way so that he could complete his ms in computer science from the us.
after clearing his plus ii from hindu school, mukherjee studied computer science at netaji subhash engineering college, refusing to accept other streams at bigger institutions.
after stints at intel, deutsche bank and tcs, mukherjee decided to take a break and go for his ms in computer science.
the money he had saved living on a shoestring budget while on job helped him with the preparations and exam fees.
in august, mukherjee joined nyu, a leap he always wanted to take.
i spoke to him on march 8 and wished him luck for his exams.
he told us to bear with him for another year when he would take us to the us.
he asked us to apply for passports in the meantime.
but it's all over now, debasish said.
new delhi, may 12: the congress has decided to move a breach of privilege motion against subramanian swamy in the rajya sabha tomorrow for misleading the nation on the agustawestland scam with his dangerous lies.
congress spokesperson jairam ramesh said: we asked swamy to authenticate the documents he was reading from when he spoke on the agustawestland helicopter scam in the rajya sabha on may 4.
he claimed he was quoting from the italian court judgment.
he has submitted authenticated papers and we find he was lying as he wasn't quoting from court order.
ramesh said: out of the 13-page document authenticated by swamy, two pages are his own email, two pages are a news report of newx television channel and nine pages are from a website called www.
pgurus.com.
this website is run from california by one sree iyer who is a modi bhakt and might be related to swamy.
rss ideologue s gurumurthy, one former iim professor r. vaidyanathan and swamy himself are linked to this website.
ramesh said the congress would send a defamation notice to the website within a few days.
swamy claimed repeatedly that he was quoting from the italian court order whereas he was reading from the document of this sangh parivar-linked website.
the italian court never mentioned any wrongdoing by any congress leader but swamy pretended to be reading the names of sonia gandhi, ahmed patel.
.
.
etc from the order.
swamy has the habit of weaving a mayajaal through lies.
we are not going to spare him this time.
the congress leader also threatened to move a privilege motion against defence minister manohar parrikar, alleging that a document that he authenticated in the lok sabha was actually minutes of a meeting held by former nsa m k narayanan on the specifications of the helicopter.
but he pretended to be reading from the court order.
parrikar and swamy are a team, their jugalbandi wove a falsehood in parliament, ramesh said.
the rajya sabha is working tomorrow and hence a privilege motion can be moved against swamy but the lok sabha was adjourned sine die yesterday and the congress might have to wait for the next session to haul up parrikar.
mallya moment the congress described vijay mallya's case as the lalit modi moment for finance minister arun jaitley, comparing his role with that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the case of disgraced cricket czar lalit modi who too is in britain.
congress spokesperson sushmit deb said: mallya met jaitley in parliament a day before he fled.
the government is complicit in his escape.
we ask the government to frame a chargesheet within 30 days if it is serious about bringing him back.
somalia attack the party took on prime minister narendra modi for comparing kerala with somalia.
jairam ramesh said: modi makes statements which are blatantly false and outrageous.
.
.
.
we can't believe anyone can make that comparison when kerala is far ahead of most indian states in terms of social and human index.
it is an insult to every citizen of kerala.
new delhi, feb.
16: nitin gadkari today dismissed as laughable manmohan singhs insinuation that the bjp opposed the goods and sales tax (gst) for political reasons, but the suggestion may not be entirely baseless.
the bjp rethought its support to the levy under pressure from narendra modi.
the gujarat chief minister, who swears by economic reforms, was not actually against the shift to the new levy but opposed it because the cbi was going after amit shah, a former minister in his government, in the sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case.
modi felt that the bjp leadership in delhi was not doing enough to put pressure on the centre to go easy on shah, who had to resign and was eventually arrested.
shah was chargesheeted and is being tried but is out on bail now.
the bjps initial understanding was that modi was neutral to gst and could, with a little nudge, back the proposal.
but the gst-shah link emerged in a series of government-organised luncheon and tea meetings.
in july 2010, just before parliaments monsoon session, the government intensified efforts to build a consensus to roll out the gst regime.
but the idea was opposed by bjp chief ministers and left-ruled states.
pranab mukherjee, the finance minister and leader of the lok sabha, held talks with opposition leaders over lunch and tea several times and got indications that the bjp leaders would persuade party chief ministers to drop their objections.
but the gst flurry coincided with the heightened pace of investigations in the sohrabuddin case.
the cbi, it appeared, had built a strong case against shah, who was modis minister of state for home and his protege.
the bjps political instinct was to distance itself from shah and project itself as a responsible and law-abiding party.
but modi was miffed with the stance and wanted the leaders to raise the issue in parliament.
for modi, the last straw was the prime ministers lunch invite to l.k. advani, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj on july 23.
they accepted the invite but once the gujarat chief minister made his displeasure known, they spurned it.
sushma had then linked the move to stay away from the luncheon to shah.
the government is bent on using the cbi against its political adversaries.
amit shahs case proves that the government wants to pollute the atmosphere.
we decided against going to the lunch because discussions can only take place in a congenial environment.
the she went on to confirm the shah-gst connection.
on july 19, we lunched with (pranab) mukherjee and had a detailed discussion on gst in a conducive atmosphere.
we (had) looked forward to a similar session with the pm but it seems the government deliberately vitiated the scene.
in august 2010, when bjp chief ministers met in delhi, the gujarat representative pointed out that if gst was implemented, the state would lose around rs 5,000 crore in revenues.
but the bjps central leaders only went as far as rejecting singhs invite to mollify modi.
they did not put themselves out to take up shahs case in parliament.
the gujarat chief minister gradually stopped making a noise about it.
but today, if the prime ministers aim was to raise the gujarat link at his news conference to put the bjp on the defensive, the party didnt appear to bite the bait.
barring gadkari, the rest of the top leaders avoided the issue and chose to focus on singhs answers to the spectrum and commonwealth games scams.
they even came up with a new coinage.
10 janpath ke liye mazboot, desh ke liye majboor (hes a strong prime minister for sonia gandhi but helpless for the country).
tejinder bail new delhi, sept.
5 (pti): former lieutenant general tejinder singh was today granted bail by delhi high court in the tatra bribery case.
the court trashed the cbis apprehension that the accused had the capacity to influence witnesses.
singh, arrested on monday, is accused of offering rs 14 crore in march 2012 to former army chief v.k. singh for clearing a tranche of sub-standard tatra trucks for the army.
pupil suicide kanpur (pti): an engineering student has committed suicide after allegedly being ragged by his seniors, police said.
an fir has been registered against two seniors and other unidentified students based on a complaint by the brother of the deceased.
the college has set up a probe panel.
insurance rap new delhi (pti): the national consumer commission has dismissed a customers insurance claim for his lost tractor, noting that an fir was lodged 10 days after the incident.
the forum observed that vijay kumars tractor was not insured comprehensively and that theft was not covered under the policy.
gowda son bangalore (pti): a sessions court has reserved for saturday its order on the anticipatory bail plea of railway minister sadananda gowdas son, accused of rape and cheating by a kannada actress.
a lower court had on thursday issued a warrant against karthik.
idol return new delhi: australian prime minister tony abbott has returned two antique idols stolen from tamil nadu a decade ago.
the sculptures, a shiva nataraja and an ardhanariswara, were allegedly stolen by indian art thief subhash kapoor and sold to two of australias premier museums.
both sculptures belong to the period from 10th century to 12th century when the chola dynasty ruled.
pilgrimage raipur (pti): nearly 150 differently abled people of chhattisgarhs durg district will be taken to shrines in maharashtra and uttar pradesh under a government scheme.
the pilgrims will go in two batches on september 26 and october 25, an official said.
un glare on abuse new delhi, sept.
5 (pti): about 77 per cent of girls aged between 15 and 19 in india have been subjected to sexual violence by their husbands, a unicef report has said.
the report titled hidden in plain sight also said more than half the girls in the age group faced physical abuse at the hands of their parents.
iaf bases new delhi: the iaf will develop airfields in bengal and ladakh into full-fledged airbases to beef-up military infrastructure in the china frontier.
panagarh in bengal and nyoma in eastern ladakh are two such fields, air chief marshal arup raha has said.
german guest new delhi: german foreign minister frank-walter steinmeier will arrive in india on saturday on a three-day visit to strengthen trade ties.
he will meet narendra modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj .
arnab ganguly and anita joshuafamily and fun: justin trudeau with his family at the sabarmati ashram in ahmedabad on monday.
(pti pictures)chandigarh/new delhi: tarmac welcome: no; hug: no; tweet: nothe absence of customary gestures extended to visiting world leaders by prime minister narendra modi has set off speculation on whether canadian premiere justin trudeau has been snubbed for the pro-khalistan links of some of his ministers.
after landing in new delhi on saturday, trudeau was received by a junior agricultural minister and only by district officials when he visited the taj mahal a day later.
however, the fact remains that the official leg of his eight-day visit begins on friday, when he is scheduled to get a ceremonial welcome at the rashtrapati bhavan forecourt and meet president ram nath kovind, modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
for those trying to read signs in modi's symbol-laden diplomacy, an official said the prime minister was selective.
in any case, the tarmac welcome is something prime minister modi has used selectively - only six times since may 2014.
joint trips to gujarat (with visiting world leaders) is also something he has used sparingly.
not everyone gets that treatment, the official pointed out.
the bulk of trudeau's visit has been planned by the canadian mission, and is being seen by those in the know as election-driven.
the next federal elections in canada are due next year, and trudeau's stopovers in india - amritsar, ahmedabad and mumbai - are being viewed as an outreach to the large indian diaspora back home.
india is canada's second-largest source of immigrants with 3.
6 per cent of the country's population being of indian origin.
speculation on the kind of reception trudeau could get when he visits amritsar on wednesday was put to rest by chief minister amarinder singh on monday with a tweetlook forward to meeting canadian prime minister @justintrudeau in amritsar on wednesday.
i'm hopeful that this meeting will help strengthen the close indo-canadian business ties as well as the deep-rooted people-to-people relations between our two countries, the congress veteran tweeted.
amarinder could use the opportunity to request him to rein in anti-india and pro-khalistani elements in his government.
trudeau's punjab visit became a matter of particular interest in the light of how amarinder had refused to meet the canadian defence minister of indian origin, harjit singh sajjan, in 2017 on the premise that he was a khalistani sympathiser.
in an official statement on monday, the chief minister's office said he had issued instructions to the state administration to roll out the red carpet for trudeau.
sources in the shiromani gurdwara prabandhak committee (sgpc), which manages the golden temple, said canadian officials visited the shrine on monday with the message from trudeau that he wanted the visit to be simple.
the canadian prime minister wants to be accompanied by his wife and three children inside the golden temple, without any fanfare, to feel the spirituality of the place, an sgpc official said.
according to sources, the meeting with amarinder is likely to be held at an amritsar hotel.
puri after joining the bjp in new delhi; (below) file picture of yeddyurappa.
(pti) new delhi, jan.
2: hardeep singh puri, who retired as indias permanent representative to the un in new york last year, joined the bjp today in the presence of party chief rajnath singh and opposition leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the bjps latest acquisition from the civil services joins a line of bureaucrats r.k. singh, r.s. pandey and dharam singh  lately welcomed into the party.
the inductions recall the atmosphere that preceded the elections of 1999 when it looked like the bjp was within striking distance of wresting power at the centre after losing its 13-day government in 1996 and a year-old dispensation in 1998.
puri was among the contenders for the foreign secretarys job in 2011 but was beaten to the post by his foreign service peer ranjan mathai.
asked if he was the bjps present-day answer to the late brajesh mishra, who was former prime minister atal bihari vajpayees principal secretary-cum-national security adviser, puri replied: no, i have not been handed out any mandate.
puri joined the bjp at a luncheon hosted by jaitley at his official residence for the media.
he said he came to the luncheon like another guest and was informed that his induction would be formally announced.
mishra, a former diplomat, came to helm the bjps foreign cell at a time when few in the party understood the nuances of international relations.
mishra had made it clear he was there for vajpayees sake and not out of an ideological commitment to the bjp.
party sources said they hoped puri would fill the intellectual vacuum the party badly needed to at this juncture.
puri said what drew him to the bjp was its strong sense of nationalism.
he told a news agency: in areas of foreign policy and security, they are more focused and able to articulate their positions forcefully.
he paid obeisance to narendra modi, saying: the time has come for change in the national mood and the bjps pm candidate captures that more effectively.
foreign policy observers believe puris tangible use to the bjp will arise from his close ties with top aides of us president barack obama.
at a farewell interaction with the indian media in washington after he retired, puri had stressed that indias most important bilateral relationship was with the us and it was important to insulate it from unnecessary misunderstanding.
puri is said to share a close understanding with obamas national security adviser, susan rice.
india, in fact, had toyed with the idea of sending him on a quick mission to washington to mediate with rice and resolve the dispute set off by the arrest of diplomat devyani khobragade.
but puris political move has put paid to this plan.
puri is widely thought to be a key behind-the-scenes architect of the burgeoning relationship between delhi and other nations that, like india, aspire for a permanent seat at the un security council.
he has served as a diplomat in japan and brazil that along with germany and india form the group that are collectively lobbying for an expansion of the permanent membership of the unsecurity council.
the men, 25-year-old midhun ganesh and 40-year-old a. edward, were abducted on march 8 by a rebel group battling the government of president salva kiir.
ganesh and edward, both from tamil nadu, work with the south sudan firm dar petroleum operating company.
a pakistani engineer of the company, ayaz hussein jamali, who too had been kidnapped, has been rescued.
the negotiations with the rebels were brokered by the governments of sudan and ethiopia.
bangalore, july 5: the party patriarch wouldnt meet him, but the rebel leader isnt ready to give up yet.
the leadership tussle in the karnataka bjp has just got more complicated, with a rebel-backed minister returning from delhi after failing to meet l.k. advani who is against replacing chief minister d.v. sadananda gowda.
after waiting till late wednesday night to meet advani, panchayati raj minister jagadish shettar returned to bangalore today.
i have met the party high command but could not meet advaniji.
i hope for a quick decision, shettar said, betraying ambitions of assuming the top post.
shettar has the backing of former chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa, whose group claims the support of over 50 of the partys 119 legislators in a house of 225.
party sources confirmed that advani had refused to meet shettar since he prefers gowda, who has provided taint-free governance.
shettar  who was among the nine ministers who resigned last friday, only to back off following instructions from the top  had lost out to gowda in august 2011 when yeddyurappa was forced out following corruption allegations.
but, the sources said, he appears to have a good chance of becoming chief minister as party president nitin gadkari and senior leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj were apparently considering yeddyurappas demand.
a confident gowda, however, said he was not worried.
the ball is in their (the leaders) court.
but i have requested them not to drag it any further.
we may be anxious to know wholl occupy the chair, but the states people will not wait to solve this issue, the chief minister said, suggesting a quick solution.
the partys state unit president, k.s. eshwarappa, said the bjp was ready to face elections any time.
dharmendra pradhan (the national general secretary in charge of karnataka) met us individually and now we await the decision from the high command, said eshwarappa, who too had thrown his hat into the ring.
supporters of gowda, meanwhile, made it clear they were not in favour of any change in leadership ahead of polls scheduled in may 2013.
the chief minister has been doing a good job and it makes no sense to change him now, since we have just 10 months to go for elections, minister balachandra jarkiholi said.
in a strong warning, he said his supporters would not sit quiet if gowda were replaced.
he, along with another minister, anand asnotikar, is already working on a plan to prevent a leadership change.
jarkiholi claims his group commands the support of 12 mlas, who are ready to quit if there is a change in leadership.
politics apart, caste divisions in the party have also been playing a part in the leadership tangle.
people from the vokkaliga community  which gowda belongs to  have been staging protest meetings in mandya, near bangalore.
new delhi, june 8: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to six chief ministers asking them to swiftly prosecute cases of violence against african visitors in a bid to tamp down tensions as the narendra modi government plans an unprecedented sprint of visits to the continent.
sushma's letter yesterday to the chief ministers of karnataka, maharashtra, delhi, goa, uttar pradesh and telangana, which collectively host over 95 percent of african students and visitors in india, came days before the president travels to namibia, ghana and cote d'ivoire.
but president pranab mukherjee's visits from june 12 to june 17 will only presage the prime minister's own trips to kenya, south africa and possibly mozambique next month.
vice president hamid ansari returned this past weekend from trips to morocco and tunisia.
and the government is planning high-level political visits to ethiopia, algeria, sudan and nigeria later this year, senior officials familiar with the planning have told the telegraph.
the visits to africa are part of an undeclared ambition - to ensure senior political visits to all 54 african countries before the next india africa forum summit in 2020, officials suggested.
that ambition isn't driven by vanity.
support of african countries is critical for india's aspirations to join the global high table - and the continent is an increasingly crucial source of oil and minerals, and is a fast-growing market for indian companies.
with some countries, like namibia - the world's fourth-largest source of uranium - india also needs to iron out non-proliferation concerns that are holding back new delhi's purchase of the nuclear fuel despite a landmark bilateral pact in 2009.
but india's ambitions took a hit in may after a 29-year-old congolese student-cum-teacher was bludgeoned to death here, following an argument over an auto-rickshaw the victim and his attackers both wanted to ride.
african diplomats in new delhi threatened to boycott indian government-organised events, and to ask their governments to dissuade nationals from travelling to india for studies.
sushma's letter, officials said, is the latest in a series of steps the government is taking to address concerns of african students and visitors in india.
she has, in the letter, also asked for sensitisation programmes to be launched in neighbourhoods where many africans live, secretary (economic relations) amar sinha, who handles relations with africa, said today.
this is an important follow up step to the measures we are taking.
sushma's letter focuses on bangalore in karnataka, pune and mumbai in maharashtra, noida and greater noida in uttar pradesh, hyderabad in telangana, delhi and goa - home to most african visitors to india.
the letter was drafted after the foreign office realised that though it had, through a series of meetings with african diplomats and students, managed to put a lid on the growing diplomatic crisis, its success was temporary.
african students, who wanted to protest at new delhi's jantar mantar when ansari was about to depart for africa, called off their demonstration after assurances that the indian government would implement a series of promises it made.
among the promises was an assurance that the foreign office will follow up with state governments on cases of attacks on africans, to ensure they aren't forgotten.
the ministry of external affairs has asked the joint secretary responsible for relations with state government to regularly prod state chief secretaries for faster progress in all cases of attacks on africans, sinha said.
junior foreign minister v.k. singh will also meet all african ambassadors in india every three months.
for india, controlling the anger within the african diplomatic community is critical because the 54 countries of the continent represent a crucial voting bloc new delhi needs for its aspirations to become a permanent member of the un security council.
new delhi needs the continent's support even for its nuclear ambitions - india plans to generate 14,000mw of nuclear power by 2024.
india's current installed nuclear capacity stands at below 6000mw.
india had signed its first nuclear agreement dedicated to importing uranium with namibia in 2009, before it inked similar pacts with kazakhstan in 2011, canada in 2012 and australia last year.
australia, canada, kazakhstan and namibia are the world's top four uranium producers.
but namibia has since cited its membership of an african non-proliferation pact called the pelindaba treaty to argue that it can't sell uranium to india unless new delhi signs the non-proliferation treaty (npt).
mukherjee's visit to the country next week is in part aimed at trying to convince namibia to sell uranium to india ignoring the pelindaba treaty - a delicate diplomatic challenge that will not be aided by worries that new delhi isn't sensitive to the safety of africans.
new delhi, march 22: sushmaswaraj swaraj today responded with a tweet to a whisper campaign in the bjp that she was being conciliatory to the government.
well, the dinner and details are all imaginary.
the reference was to a gossip item in a delhi daily that claimed the prime minister had invited sushmaswaraj and her family for dinner to thank her for suggesting the controversy over the appointment of p.j. thomas as chief vigilance commission should be buried.
let matters rest, sushmaswaraj , the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, had famously tweeted on march 4 after manmohan singh owned personal responsibility for the appointment.
party president nitin gadkari then publicly snubbed her, asserting on march 9 that the cvc issue was not over for the bjp and that his line was the party line.
after tweeting on somali pirates, fishermen caught by sri lanka and similar issues since, sushmaswaraj was back today to attack the government with a vigour that a party source said he hasnt seen for ages.
the privilege notice  that awaits admission by the speaker  alleges the prime minister had misled the lok sabha with the information that the bribery charge in the 2008 cash-for-votes scandal was not established for want of information.
it said the parliamentary committee that probed the issue had said one of the players, sanjeev saxena, was a bribe-giver and his role needed to be investigated.
arun jaitley, the bjps leader in the rajya sabha, has submitted a privilege notice that is worded a little differently and makes a reference to the jmm bribery scandal during a 1993 trust vote won by p.v. narasimha rao.
sushma rejected another item in the daily that said she had sulked after gadkaris snub and refused to attend an internal meeting until party veteran l.k. advani placated her.
a source close to sushmaswaraj said regardless of gadkaris put-down, she was determined to use twitter to put her view on record.
it is her weapon against the canards that her adversaries keep spreading, the source said.
so we staged a walkout.
the bjp would not have walked out had the government allowed a discussion on the prime ministers statement on the wikileaks cables in the rajya sabha today.
but i could not raise this point in the lok sabha because under the rules, the affairs of one house cannot be brought up in the other, sushmaswaraj contended.
in her role as opposition leader, sushmas initial instinct led her to try to bridge the bjp-congress divide.
in the first few months of upa-ii, she did not miss an opportunity to connect with congress president sonia gandhi and the leader of the lok sabha pranab mukherjee.
her rapport with speaker meira kumar was also apparent.
sources said her attempt to rise above partisan politics and discard her infamous anti-sonia image of 2004 did not go down well with the rss, which prodded gadkari to issue the disapproval.
new delhi, aug.
6: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will travel to myanmar this friday at a time india is sniffing rare economic and diplomatic clout with its strategically crucial neighbour amid a drastic pullback in chinas investments in that nation.
sushma will meet foreign ministers of the association of south east asian nations and of the larger east asia summit  which also includes india, china, the us, canada and australia among others  in nay pyi taw during her three day visit.
the meetings will be followed by a regional security dialogue known as the asean regional forum.
the foreign minister is also scheduled to meet her chinese counterpart wang yi for the second time in two months on the margins of the multilateral meetings, officials said.
sushma is also likely to meet the foreign ministers of canada, vietnam, australia, philippines, brunei and south korea.
but it is her bilateral meetings with myanmar president thein sein, foreign minister u. wunna maung lwin and other senior officials in their government that india is counting most on to deliver a roadmap for economic and strategic bonhomie under the narendra modi government.
sushma is unlikely to meet opposition leader aung san suu kyi, who lives in yangon and will not be in the myanmar capital during the foreign ministers visit.
sushma will visit myanmar at a time india, traditionally a laggard in foreign investments in most nations  including some of its neighbours  compared to china, has for once emerged as a larger investor in myanmar.
weve got an opportunity and we plan to give it our best shot, a senior official told the telegraph.
its not every day you get to say youre ahead of china in investments in a country both are interested in.
india invested over $300 million in myanmar in the 2013-14 financial year while china invested less than $100 million.
but indian officials know they have nosed ahead of china only partially because of the increase in indias own investments in myanmar.
diplomatic tensions between myanmar and china, at a time india and myanmar have enjoyed steady ties, have contributed significantly too.
myanmar, as the current president of the asean, has tried to stay equidistant from the member nations that include countries like vietnam and philippines that are locked in territorial disputes with china, for long myanmars best friend.
that attempt at maintaining the perception of equidistance has not gone down well with china.
its investments in myanmar, over $4 billion in 2011-12, dropped by 90 per cent to $400 million the following year, before going below $100 million in the last financial year.
unlike some others, we arent fair-weather friends, an official said.
all our allies know that and we hope that helps us here too.
salvatore girone new delhi, may 3: the un tribunal at the hague that yesterday asked india to repatriate for now an italian marine accused of murder cited a recent conditional but unprecedented willingness by new delhi to allow him to return to justify its decision.
the court also rejected most of new delhi's contentions, its detailed order suggests, despite claims by the foreign office on monday night, and finance minister arun jaitley in parliament today that the tribunal had recognised india's consistent positions and key arguments.
the permanent court of arbitration (pca) rejected india's argument that the marine, salvatore girone, may not come back to new delhi to face a future trial if he is allowed to return to italy, in a detailed order released by it today.
girone and fellow italian marine massimiliano latorre are accused of shooting dead two kerala fishermen in 2012.
the pca, which is deciding on whether india has jurisdiction in the case - the firing occurred in international waters - also rejected india's argument questioning the validity of italy's claim to approach the un tribunal for the marine's repatriation.
it did not uphold new delhi's contention that there is no urgency for girone to return back to italy.
and it relied on a statement by neeru chadha, india's top legal agent at the court, suggesting new delhi's willingness to send back girone as one of the two pillars for its final verdict, the order shows.
the supreme court will decide the bail conditions italy will need to commit to for girone's return home.
in light of the arbitral tribunal's conclusion regarding sergeant girone's bail conditions, and taking into account the above statements by india, the arbitral tribunal considers it appropriate that italy and india cooperate, including in proceedings before the supreme court of india, to achieve a relaxation of the bail conditions of sergeant girone, the tribunal ordered, after quoting the indian statement, and before referring to the legal name for the current arbitration.
sergeant girone may return to italy during the present annex vii arbitration.
the telegraph was the first to report, on april 21, the statement by chadha at the last hearing in the case at the hague on march 30, where india for the first time officially laid down conditions under which it would not object to sending girone back.
india had argued through the hearings till that point that italy had no case to demand the return of girone.
but asked by the tribunal what commitments on italy's part would be acceptable to india, chadha laid out the conditions.
india does not seek anything more onerous than the benchmark set by the supreme court of india, and some of these conditions were indicated by italy's counsel yesterday, chadha said.
india needs to be assured that in case the tribunal finds that india has jurisdiction, the presence of sergeant girone would be ensured.
towards that end, india would deem it necessary that the tribunal itself fix these guarantees.
the foreign office had last evening suggested it felt vindicated by the order.
we believe that (the) government's consistent positions and key arguments in this particular case have been recognized by the tribunal, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said in a statement.
the authority of the supreme court has been upheld.
we remain confident that the issue of jurisdiction will be determined in our favour.
today, finance minister arun jaitley told parliament that the order was not just a recognition of india's consistent positions and key arguments but also as an affirmation of the authority of the supreme court of india.
jaitley was speaking on behalf of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, currently recuperating from pneumonia in hospital.
the un tribunal has indeed upheld the authority of the supreme court over girone, even for the period when he will be in italy after the apex court decides on its bail conditions.
but the supreme court's authority over girone was not contested before the pca by italy, and was one of the few common grounds in the arguments between the two nations - a fact even acknowledged by jaitley.
italy was prepared to accept that he remained under the jurisdiction of the courts of india, the finance minister told parliament.
in essence, they (italy) proposed to change the physical location of sergeant girone's bail without prejudice to the authority of india's courts.
india had asked the tribunal to not admit italy's request for what are called provisional measures - intermediary orders before it arrives at a final verdict on the larger question under consideration.
but the tribunal upheld italy's request.
the arbitral tribunal finds that italy's request is admissible and, therefore, the arbitral tribunal shall consider italy's request, it said in its order.
new delhi, june 1: dozens of foreign students had been attacked.
one was killed.
others spilled out on to the streets in protest, alleging racist violence.
the country faced diplomatic protests, and the government and law enforcement agencies stepped in.
seven years after australia faced these allegations of racism against indian students, a series of steps the country took could today hold out lessons for new delhi as it grapples with similar challenges following serial assaults on african students, experts and diplomats have said.
unlike the narendra modi government and delhi police that have refused to accept any element of racism in the attacks, the police in victoria - where most of the attacks against indians in australia took place in 2009 - and the australian government acknowledged racism as a factor.
police forces across urban centres in australia were embedded with special cells tasked with ensuring the security of foreign students.
and the federal and state governments in australia worked with universities to first understand why students from india and other developing nations were more vulnerable to crime, and then tried to address those causes.
those steps helped pull australia back from a sharp decline in the number of indian students, second only to the chinese among foreign students in the country, and helped revive a key engine of the country's economy - the $13.
5 billion international education market - within three years of the attacks.
it all began with taking responsibility.
governments are responsible in these situations, australia's new high commissioner to india, harinder sidhu, said here today, recalling canberra's response to the 2009 crisis when asked about the challenge the modi administration faces now.
we intervened strongly.
and while i can't say something like this will never happen again (in australia), we are much better prepared to respond.
in 2009, a series of attacks had led to the chorus of racism - against indians in australia.
at least 12 indian students were brutally beaten up, or slashed with knives or box cutters, and robbed between may and december.
then, on january 3, 2010, nitin garg, a 21-year-old student was stabbed in the abdomen by attackers.
he died, triggering a wave of protests by indian students across australia's major cities and a strong diplomatic message from india warning that it may advise its students to avoid the country because of safety concerns.
in 2016, african diplomats in new delhi levelled the same threat.
but unlike the victoria police chief, who had on june 9, 2009, admitted that some of the attacks on indian students were clearly racist in motivation, delhi police have insisted the attacks were usual acts of crime.
and while then australian foreign minister stephen smith admitted in march 2010 that regrettably, we know that there have been some racial or racist overtones to a small number of those assaults, indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has refused to acknowledge racism.
the denial of racism is a familiar hallmark of contemporary racism, kevin dunn, professor in the department of social sciences at the university of west sydney, wrote in a 2011 paper on the attacks on indian students.
it is a defining criterion of what has been called the 'new racism'.
but australia swiftly began to try and identify and address the factors that made students from india and other developing nations more vulnerable to crime.
a dedicated student wing was set up within each metropolitan police force, and australia's federal and state governments worked with educational institutions to see if they could arrange accommodation for foreign students closer to universities.
new delhi, july 31: india and america today officially acknowledged for the first time that seemingly intractable differences across the economic and geopolitical spectrum had potholed their strategic partnership, accepting they needed specific breakthroughs to make prime minister narendra modis september trip to washington truly worthwhile.
us secretary of state john kerry said both nations needed to do a lot of homework as we leave todays meeting, after daylong talks with indias foreign, finance, defence and commerce ministers.
the rare public admission of seeping bitterness in a relationship new delhi and washington have so far sugar-coated for official consumption, even as they argued on multiple disputes, came minutes after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj acknowledged that the nations diverge on key issues.
both admissions were made unprompted, as a part of their prepared statements, by kerry and sushmaswaraj as they fronted up for a press interaction after their talks  signalling public recognition of a crisis simmering for over a year that neither nation officially accepted till now.
its like a celebrity couple whose troubles have been written about finally coming out in the open and accepting their marriage is in trouble, an official said.
but acknowledging a problem and being comfortable accepting it is a crucial first step towards seriously addressing it.
over the past two years, differences ranging from indias nuclear liability law and intellectual property regime to an american immigration bill targeting indian it firms and the arrest of indian diplomat devyani khobragade have hit ties.
each dispute was portrayed by indian and us officials as isolated, and with limited impact on the broader bilateral relationship.
but a failure to resolve these disputes in a manner satisfactory to both, fresh differences and geopolitical tensions where india and the us stand on opposite sides appear to have coalesced to prompt the nations to look at their ability to talk of their disputes as a takeaway in itself.
those issues, kerry and sushmaswaraj later publicly acknowledged in response to questions, cut across too many sectors to be couched in traditional sweet talk of natural ties between the worlds largest democracy and the worlds oldest democracy.
the words are easy  its the action that follows those words that really matters, kerry said.
after all, the proof of the pudding is in the eating.
kerry articulated us concerns on indias refusal to sign a key world trade organisation pact when he met finance and defence minister arun jaitley.
us defence secretary chuck hagel, who is visiting india on august 8, will also meet jaitley.
us commerce secretary penny pritzker, who is accompanying kerry, also met commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and reiterated american worries over the wto disagreement.
our feeling is obviously that the agreement that was reached in bali will take care of indias food security concerns, kerry said.
but sitharaman told reporters after the meeting that indias stand remained unchanged.
with india refusing to concede on its wto position, kerry made a statement at a television interview that only left new delhi more determined.
if india doesnt sign the agreement, it will risk standing in violation of wto rules, kerry told the television channelat the interview early this afternoon, following his meeting with jaitley.
the statement confirmed suspicions in new delhi that the us and its developed-world allies were thinking of ignoring indias concerns and inking the wto pact specifically excluding india.
kerrys interview with the television channel further breached protocol when it delayed the start of the strategic dialogue with sushmaswaraj , which was scheduled to begin at 3pm.
when the talks began, kerry broke the conversation on multiple occasions to answer calls from his negotiators trying to stitch together a peace deal between the hamas and israel to end the war in gaza.
it is unusual  except in absolute emergencies  for officials to break talks to receive calls.
i told him people in india were very angry when reports of the nsa surveillance surfaced.
india and the us are friends.
that one nation spies on a friend nation is completely unacceptable.
her stance represents a sharp contrast from the position her predecessor under the upa, salman khurshid, had taken when the snooping revelations first emerged last summer.
then sitting beside kerry at the last india-us strategic dialogue, khurshid was asked whether he had taken up the snooping issue with his american counterpart.
i think saying have you raised it with secretary kerry might not be the correct way of looking at it, khurshid had responded, almost apologetically.
this is an area that we are both interested in and we discussed it.
bilateral trade too, kerry accepted today, remained an area pockmarked with differences.
we still have a lot to do to reduce our differences on trade barriers, tariffs and price-control mechanisms, kerry said.
weve got to acknowledge weve had a few ups and downs.
the indian foreign minister also publicly said new delhi would view a proposed us immigration bill that targets indian it firms as a negative signal.
i told secretary kerry that we are not against the bill per se.
but we are very concerned about the adverse impact of the bill on the indian it sector, and we think it will send a very wrong signal at a time india is opening up its economy for foreign participation.
asked about indias opposition to us sanctions against russia for its alleged interference in ukraine, kerry accepted that washington would like india to support us on this (sanctions against russia), but said the us understood that this is indias decision to make.
sushma was curt in her response, asserting that indias position against the sanctions was not flexible.
modi, who is scheduled to visit washington on september 30 for talks with president barack obama, has repeatedly told his officials he wants his overseas trips to be result-oriented.
today, sushmaswaraj and kerry both accepted they were some distance from delivering results by the time modi visits washington.
kerry was more forthright.
as i told the minister, we clearly have a lot of homework to do coming out of the meeting, kerry said.
we have a lot to do to put some specifics on the table by the time prime minister modi and president obama meet.
arun jaitley new delhi, march 23: sushmaswaraj swaraj was pleased as punch after the debate on the wikileaks allegations in parliament today, telling arun jaitley: we were served a reply with salad and mirch-masala, you were left with a dull-as-ditch water statement.
the comment came as jaitley, the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, walked into her chamber in parliament with his deputy s.s. ahluwalia in the presence of journalists.
in the rajya sabha, it was a bald repetition of a reply that wasnt really much of an improvement over his earlier wiki statement, said ahluwalia.
jaitley looked flustered but agreed.
sushma and jaitley have been engaged in a battle to be one up on the other, though neither will accept it.
sushmas speech, we hope, will end the mean whisper campaign against her from party insiders about how shes ready to make up with the congress, a bjp official said.
the lok sabha opposition leader said she was determined today not to dilute the attack on manmohan singh.
bjp sources admitted to being taken aback when she contested the prime ministers line that his government had won a popular mandate after the 2008 trust vote controversy.
narendra modi has won two elections after the godhra episode.
.
.
.
but he was put through one, then a second and then a third trial.
the popular mandate theory does not apply to gujarat because we dont subscribe to it, she said.
jaitley, who had racheted up the wikileaks campaign and picked the prime minister as the prime target, on the other hand focused a large part of his address on the retail purchase of parliamentarians and the sting jobs.
party sources said they were afraid that after the tehelka expose hours before the debate  the newsmagazine accused jaitley and advanis former political aide, sudheendra kulkarni, of masterminding the purchase and setting up a sting to destabilise the upa government jaitley might turn defensive and get bogged down in the minutiae of the 2008 events.
our fears partially turned out to be true, a rajya sabha mp said, adding that home minister p. chidambaram had managed to trump jaitley on almost every argument.
going strong the picture was left incomplete when the chief minister of gujarat, narendra modi, delivered his independence day speech from bhuj.
for obvious reasons, the lal qila or the red fort was missing from the backdrop.
but with friends like raman singh, chhattisgarhs redoubtable chief minister, modi need not have worried.
if modi cannot go to the fort, the fort must come to him.
this was evident in a replica of the mughal monument that was constructed  on the orders of singh  for modi to address voters in poll-bound chhattisgarh.
singh has just completed his six-phased yatra that had started in may.
this is modis second address to the voters of chhattisgarh.
a few hundred kilometres away, singhs counterpart in madhya pradesh, shivraj singh chauhan, will also be completing his 50-day long yatra soon.
however, there seem to be no signs so far that chauhan will order the construction of a replica of any monument in a bid to play host to modi.
one hopes that modi does not mind.
family business no matter how close the bharatiya janata party-led opposition may be to grabbing power in the next general elections slated to be held in 2014, in the last session of parliament, it was still the congress that ran away with the honours.
more accurately, it was the congresss first family that emerged with flying colours.
all the credit for the passing of the food security bill went to the congress president, sonia gandhi.
even though it was evident that some of the states ruled by the bjp sported a better module, the party could not manage to attract any kind words its way.
soon after, it was the pet project of the congress vice-president, rahul gandhi  the land acquisition bill  that sailed through both the houses.
in political circles, the two crucial bills are known as the ma-beta bills, and their passage is naturally expected to translate into votes for the party.
now if only the economy had behaved itself.
home affairs there is confusion galore over who the home minister of india really is.
sushil kumar shinde holds the post, and is said to have been appointed by the congress chief herself, but it is p chidambaram who seems to be taking all the relevant decisions.
although shinde is back in parliament after his surgery, it is pc who runs the show.
nobody from the opposition talks to shinde as he sits alone in his office in parliament.
nor does anyone consult him when the house is functioning.
when the treasury bench needed to talk to the opposition leaders on the land bill recently, everyone assembled in chidambarams room.
not surprised?
wrong answer it does not always pay to be a good samaritan.
the minister for social justice and empowerment, kumari selja, is learning this the hard way.
ever since she was spotted providing support to an ailing sonia gandhi in parliament, she has had to provide explanations to all and sundry  not for why she lent her shoulder to the congress chief, but why she did not pick up the phone calls from the high and mighty following that incident.
selja has reasoned that she had forgotten to pick up her phone, which was later picked up by panabaka lakshmi, the union minister of state for textiles, who had seen it lying on seljas seat.
lakshmi now often has to vouch for seljas story, which many are still not willing to buy.
angry neighbours it pays even less to be overactive on twitter.
the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj, is both saddened and surprised by a volley of attacks on her in the social media.
following the smooth passage of the food security and land acquisition bills, swaraj was suddenly faced with an angry campaign that also had many suggesting that she leave the party.
as an astute politician, swaraj first checked if her political stocks within the saffron household were falling.
she was reassured that they were not.
a team assisting her on twitter then probed deep and is said to have come across a startling fact.
some of the anti-sushma tweets are believed to have originated in dhaka.
now why would some bangladeshis so desperately want her out of the bjp?
footnotetight spot the controversial godman, asaram bapu, turned out to be a greater sensation than narendra modi in the end.
but the drama over his arrest, which was supposed to hit the saffronites hard, caused much concern within the congress as well.
senior leaders such as kamal nath were thoroughly opposed to the party taking on a hawkish role.
nath believed that asaram needed to be booked as per the law without the rajasthan government, led by ashok gehlot, appearing to score a political point.
however, once gehlot had convinced the party leadership about the strong evidence against asaram, the jodhpur police got cracking.
the indubitable digvijay singh too supported a strong line against asaram.
that is till he was shown a photograph of himself bowing before the seer.
diggy raja proffered that he had not seen the other side of asaram then.
new delhi, feb.
27: eminent lawyer fali nariman today refused to be on the search panel that would have advised the lokpal selection committee to choose members for the anti-corruption body.
in a letter to the prime ministers office, nariman said the most competent, most independent and most courageous people will be overlooked, but didnt elaborate.
earlier this month, sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of opposition in the lok sabha, had objected to the choice of p.p. rao as the fifth member of the search panel, saying the jurist was a congress loyalist.
the lokpal will consist of a chairperson and four judicial and four non-judicial members.
according to the lokpal act, the chairperson and members shall be appointed by the president on the basis of recommendations of the selection committee comprising the prime minister, the speaker of the lok sabha, the leader of opposition in the house, the chief justice of india and an eminent jurist.
for selecting the chairperson and the members, the selection committee shall constitute a search panel of at least seven persons.
nariman has refused to be on this search panel.
bjp leader arun jaitley, sushmas counterpart in the rajya sabha, has also criticised the government for the way the lokpal was being set up.
jaitley has written to prime minister manmohan singh objecting to the advertisement put out by the department of personnel and training inviting applications from aspiring members.
the department on january 17 had put out the advertisement outlining the format of application although the selection panel had not met even once till then, jaitley said.
it is regrettable that the outgoing upa government is in a hurry to make (the) appointment(s) on (the) eve of elections, jaitley said in a statement today.
minister of state for personnel v. narayanasamy said the process followed has been transparent.
sushma swaraj new delhi, march 3: sushmaswaraj swaraj, who had strongly opposed p.j. thomass appointment as chief vigilance commissioner, should have been celebrating today but she chose to be correct.
no celebrations please.
this is hardly the occasion.
its time for all of us to introspect why things have come to such a pass and what correctives are needed, the bjp leader said when approached in parliament.
on cue, her party too did not demand the prime ministers head.
whats the point of asking for his resignation?
said l.k. advani, who had recently revived his weak pm campaign against manmohan singh that backfired in 2009.
the overall situation is so terrible that i feel like crying, something which the government ought to be doing.
the bjp veteran is known to cry easily, and has on several occasions been seen shedding tears in public, including at the screening of the film taare zameen par.
swaraj, who was on the three-member panel to choose the cvc, had insisted on recording her dissent at the committees last meeting on september 3, 2010.
the friday meeting at the prime ministers residence was called to finalise the cvc nominee.
other than swaraj, home minister p. chidambaram was present.
swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, would not reveal what went on at the meeting, but a source said the bjp leader had boned herself on the backgrounds of the three candidates on the shortlist  the other two were bijoy chatterjee and subbaroyan krishnan, retired bureaucrats like thomas.
she never goes to such meetings to polish off ras malai and sip coffee, the source said.
when swaraj was informed that the government had made up its mind on thomas, she told chidambaram he was implicated in a corruption case and the details should be verified.
a source said the home minister replied that thomas was cleared of the charge before being appointed a secretary.
the opposition leader retorted that it was one thing to qualify as a secretary and another to head the central vigilance commission, the source said.
the cvcs integrity has to be established beyond doubt, she reportedly stressed.
and if, for some reason, you dont like their faces, then please enlist a fresh panel.
we can sit over the weekend and finalise a name.
the prime minister, silent so far, interjected to say that the swearing-in at rashtrapati bhavan was already scheduled for the following tuesday and there was no time left.
swaraj, the source said, then raised her voice and said: if this is the name you have made up your mind on, i will record my dissent.
singh said there was no need to do that because the governments executive order would incorporate her objection.
he summoned prithviraj chavan, then a junior minister in the pmo, and asked him to prepare a note.
however, swaraj insisted on putting down in writing the words i disagree and the prime minister relented.
but the run-in with the government did not end with that encounter at 7 race course road.
on january 27, when attorney general g.e. vahanvati told the supreme court the vetting panel was unaware of the old corruption charge against thomas, swaraj threatened to file an affidavit on the meeting to prove she had brought up the case  a threat she later dropped.
new delhi, march 8: bjp veteran murli manohar joshi asked rajnath singh why the party had allowed the propaganda pitching for narenda modis candidature from varanasi to go unchecked.
in a meeting of the central election committee, also attended by modi, the sitting mp from varanasi demanded an explanation from the bjp president for allowing the speculation to gain currency and not doing anything to check it.
sources said rajnath brushed aside joshis objections and carried on with the meetings agenda.
asked about the brewing controversy over varanasi, rajnath told the telegraph: truth to be told, uttar pradesh didnt figure in todays discussions even in passing.
in varanasi, a poster war is being fought between supporters of joshi and modi.
joshi was angry that rajnath would not convey directly to him that his services were no longer required in varanasi and that he shift to another constituency, sources said.
the varanasi mp wasnt the only source of trouble in the election committee meeting.
lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, backed by her mentor l.k. advani, re-stated her objections to the merger of the bsr congress with the bjp in karnataka and counselled rajnath to abandon the move.
the bjp has put on hold the announcement of candidates from three constituencies in karnataka.
this includes bellary that the bsr congress chief, b.s. sriramulu, is keen on.
the party today released a list of some candidates for assam, karnataka, kerala, odisha and tripura and bengal.
former karnataka chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa  who recently returned to the bjp  will contest from shimoga, his bastion.
newspaper proprietor chandan mitra has been fielded from hooghly although he is a rajya sabha mp from madhya pradesh.
general secretary ananth kumar will contest again from bangalore south that he has won five times in a row.
this time, he will be pitted against uidai chief and infosys co-founder, nandan nilekani, of the congress.
the bjp made it clear it will not have a truce with the mns in maharashtra and will stick to its old ally, the shiv sena.
it is no, no, no to the mns from our side, stressed general secretary and maharashtra in-charge, rajiv pratap rudy.
nitin gadkari, the former bjp president, recently dallied with raj thackeray, suggesting that the mns chief should make up with his cousin and sena president, uddhav thackeray, and fight as part of the bjp-sena coalition to ensure that the anti-congress-ncp votes are not split.
raj was non-committal but uddhav protested gadkaris overtures and insinuated that he had let his alleged commercial instincts take the better of the bjps political sense and wisdom.
the party clarified that gadkaris meeting with raj was a personal call and the bjp had nothing to do with it.
however, more than the concern about upsetting the sena, bjp sources emphasised even a dalliance with the mns would anger their party units in uttar pradesh and bihar.
the mnss anti-north indian migrants campaign had consolidated the hindi-speaking votes in maharashtras cities behind the congress and the ncp.
the bjp fears even a tacit understanding with raj could upset its applecart in bihar and uttar pradesh.
our special correspondentnew delhi: india and italy put their relationship on a fast track on monday after their first premier-level bilateral meeting in a decade, ending the chill that had set in following the february 2012 arrest of two italian marines over the killing of two fishermen.
prime minister narendra modi and his visiting counterpart paolo gentiloni came out with a joint statement that touched upon every aspect of the relationship that is celebrating 70 years of diplomatic ties this year.
in the joint statement, italy congratulated india on its admission to the missile technology control regime (mtcr) that rome - upset with new delhi over the marines case - had vetoed in 2015.
italy also welcomed india's subscription to the hague code of conduct against ballistic missile proliferation (hcoc), and supported india's intensified engagement with the wassenaar arrangement, the australia group and the nuclear suppliers group (nsg).
at the height of the deadlock over the marines case, italy is understood to have objected to india's membership of the nsg, the wassenaar agreement and the australia group.
like the mtcr, all three are key groupings that control the world's trade in nuclear supplies, missiles and dual use technology.
the marines,massimiliano latorre and salvatore girone, both part of a security detachment assigned to protect a merchant vessel from pirate attacks in the indian ocean, had allegedly fired at a wooden boat carrying 11 unarmed indian fishermen, killing two of them.
the marines said they had opened fire to keep off supposed pirates.
they were later taken into custody.
the stalemate over the marines case had not only impacted bilateral ties, it affected india's relationship with the european union too.
on monday, however, the two prime ministers expressed satisfaction over the outcome of their meeting in the joint statement, although the eu-india summit earlier this month did not make headway on the proposed free trade agreement.
india's concerns over terrorism have been accommodated too in the joint statement with a call to all countries to root out militant havens, their infrastructure and networks and halt cross-border movement of terrorists.
this was the second time modi and gentiloni were meeting since the two had met officially for the first time in july at hamburg on the sidelines of the g-20 summit.
but that was not a bilateral engagement.
monday's meeting was also the first time between the prime ministers of the two countries since the marines shot the fishermen and were arrested by india, triggering a stand-off that italy took to the international tribunal for the law of the sea.
after india allowed the second marine to return to italy last year - the other marine had been allowed to go back earlier on health grounds - external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited rome in an attempt to restart the relationship.
following monday's engagement, a series of meetings have been lined up to put the relationship back on track full steam.
anita joshuanew delhi: india's vote at the un general assembly against the us's move to recognise jerusalem as the capital of israel has left bhakts, usually blind to the warts in the narendra modi dispensation, fuming and feeling betrayed, with many accusing the government of indulging in congress-style appeasement politics.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's acknowledgement of all india united democratic front (aiudf) president badruddin ajmal's gratitude for the un vote with an open invitation to support the bjp at the hustings appeared to have rubbed salt into their wound.
on friday, sushmaswaraj responded to ajmal's tweet thanking the government for the anti-israel vote by tweeting back: thank you ajmal sahib.
now you vote for us.
not only did the minister, who has a huge following on social media because of the speed with which she responds to tweets seeking her help, open herself to criticism from the bhakts, she also got a firm no as an answer from ajmal.
in two tweets to sushmaswaraj , the aiudf parliamentarian said: our vote is always for india, madam.
the day bjp does not differentiate between majority and minority community, our vote will be for you.
i am grateful to the bjp for seeking our support but there is no question of supporting the bjp ever.
the present situation has become so communally polarised.
we can't be party to a government like this.
.
.
apart from the bhakts, the government's decision was assailed by two of its nominated rajya sabha mps - subramanian swamy and swapan dasgupta.
while swamy has since joined the bjp, dasgupta is still registered on the rajya sabha rolls as a nominated mp.
india has made a huge mistake by not voting with us and israel on us decision to choose west jerusalem as location for its embassy.
at present un holds holy city of jews as partitioned.
west jerusalem is israel's.
hence embassy can be there, swamy tweeted.
dasgupta posted on twitter: india should either have abstained or voted against the un resolution condemning the shifting of us embassy to jerusalem.
we should stand by israel, a firm friend.
the government, however, got some comfort from the opposition, which was either silent or welcomed the move.
well done mea for not taking the easy/safe option of abstaining like the 35 others.
@realdonaldtrump's threat backfired spectacularly, tweeted former jammu and kashmir chief minister and national conference leader omar abdullah.
while india's vote essentially followed the position new delhi has traditionally taken on the palestinian issue, the modi government's fellow-travellers had hoped that this dispensation would chart a pro-israel course, given the prime minister's visit to jerusalem earlier this year and israel prime minister benjamin netanyahu's expected trip to india early next year.
that india voted against the us move despite the open threat by the trump administration to name and shame the countries who supported the general assembly resolution opposing washington's decision also clearly failed to impress the bhakts, who otherwise take pride in the modi government flexing its muscles.
ramashankarsushma swarajpatna: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's bombshell in parliament on tuesday, admitting that all 39 indians abducted by isis in iraq in june 2014 are dead, destroyed six families in bihar.
i can't explain my pain in words - how i have been living since june 2014 when we received the last call from my son adalat singh from iraq, said ram bahadur, 69, a farmer in siswa khurd village in siwan district, around 135km north-west of patna.
adalat, who was among the 39 abducted, had told his family on june 14, 2014, that he and the others had been held captive by isis and was being taken to an unknown destination in a bus.
aage kya hoga mujhe bhi malum nahi (i don't know what will happen next), were adalat's last words before the call got disconnected.
for years since then, the family had been running from pillar to post to get information about the whereabouts of adalat, who had gone to mosul in iraq to work as a labourer with a private construction company.
he had gone abroad to earn money so that he could support me to run the family, said ram bahadur, his voice choking.
adalat is survived by his wife and four children - prince (12), priya (9), palak (7) and shivani (5).
shivani was hardly three-four months old when adalat went abroad.
ghar ka chirag bujh gaya (the family has lost its light), said ram bahadur.
a few kilometres away, at harpur village under mairwa block of siwan district, ram bahadur's grief was mirrored in the house of dharmendra kumar a.
k.
a dharmendra kharbar, another of the ill-fated 39.
dharmendra's younger sister munni's wedding had been delayed in anticipation that dharmendra would return.
munni had been insisting that she won't marry in the absence of her elder brother, said dharmendra's father, rajendra kharbar.
the entire family was waiting for his return.
but the news on channels and the newspapers has shattered her dream.
#another iraq victim, sunil kumar kushwaha, was from mauje tatwa village under the same block in siwan.
sunil has two sons - aditya (9) and arya (5).
sunil's younger brother anil kumar said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had vowed before the relatives of those taken hostage by isis that her government would bring them back to india alive.
wo apna wada pura nahi kar saki (she failed to keep her promise) and kept the family in the dark for over four years, rued anil, a college student.
ashraf ghani with the swearing in of ashraf ghani, a former world bank economist, afghanistan now has a president who has promised reform, development and an end to poverty and corruption.
in september, after months of tortuous negotiations, the afghan presidential candidates, abdullah abdullah and ghani, finalized and signed a power-sharing pact brokered by the united states of america.
the last disagreement was based on how to announce the results of the june 14 run-off election vote audit.
abdullah, who was widely assumed to be trailing ghani, had insisted that the official percentages either not be made public at all or be altered to give him more votes.
the election authorities ultimately decided not to reveal the vote tallies, but declared ghani the president-elect just hours after the agreement was signed.
abdullah has taken on the newly created position of chief executive officer  similar in power to a prime minister  with a promise to work together for a better future with trust and honesty.
the international community, not surprisingly, has welcomed recent developments.
the barack obama-led administration heaved a sigh of relief with this pact and hailed it as an important opportunity for unity and increased stability.
washington also congratulated abdullah and ghani for ending afghanistans political crisis and confirmed that the united states stands ready to work with the new administration to ensure its success.
a day after ghanis taking over, the bilateral security agreement allowing for 9,800 us soldiers to stay in afghanistan past 2014 to help train, equip and advise afghan military and police forces was signed.
a separate, status of forces agreement has also been signed, which permits a small nato force to remain in afghanistan after december 2014.
the taliban, not surprisingly, have assailed the pact terming it a sham orchestrated by the us.
in a statement, its spokesman, zabihullah mujahid, said: installing ashraf ghani and forming a bogus administration will never be acceptable to the afghans, adding that: we reject this american process and vow to continue our jihad until we free our nation from occupation and until we pave the way for a pure islamic government.
defying odds, afghanistan has now taken a major step towards its post-2014 political future.
much will now depend on how this first democratic transfer of power in the country unfolds.
india will now have to articulate its own policy response.
so far, the narendra modi-led government has been reluctant to spell out the terms of its engagement with kabul as the political realities in afghanistan have been in flux.
though the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, had visited afghanistan in september, it was largely a symbolic exercise.
swaraj underscored indias commitment to continue extending all possible help to afghanistan to meet various challenges, and conveyed that it will remain engaged in the countrys reconstruction activities in a significant way.
describing india as afghanistans first strategic partner, swaraj suggested that new delhi would always share the afghan peoples vision of a strong and prosperous afghanistan.
and she thanked the people of afghanistan for their constant appreciation of indias partnership with the country.
for this, she received fulsome praise from her political opponents.
shashi tharoor lauded swaraj for underlining india's priority by meeting up top leaders in afghanistan and showing that india is not going to give up.
of all of indias south asian neighbours, the modi governments outreach to kabul has been the most lackadaisical.
perhaps the reason is obvious: the political uncertainty so far in afghanistan would have made any outreach to kabul devoid of any real meaning.
but when asked whether the new indian government would review its policy towards afghanistan, swaraj had suggested that there was no question of any change in it and asserted that india would continue to help the country in its reconstruction.
as afghanistan turns a new leaf in its political destiny, the usual approach from new delhi will not do.
the argument that india will merely focus on reconstruction and developmental issues without bothering about the security implications of the rapidly changing ground realities in afghanistan is unlikely to get india any traction.
india will have to think more creatively than it has done for the past decade.
during the prime ministers visit to the us, afghanistan was one of the main items for discussion on the agenda.
it is on the subject of afghanistan that the us-india divergences have been getting more striking by the day.
forced by india, the us secretary of state, john kerry, had underlined that any political settlement must result in the taliban breaking ties with al qaida, renouncing violence, and accepting the afghan constitution, including its protection for all afghans, women and men.
the reality, however, is that the peace process is a sham and merely to get the taliban on board, washington agreed to let mullah omar come to the negotiating table without acceding to any of the red lines.
there has been no acceptance of the afghan constitution as was reflected in the title of the office that the taliban opened in doha  the islamic emirate of afghanistan.
the taliban have refused to recognize the afghan government.
there has been no cease-fire on the ground or even an attempt to delink afghanistan from global terrorism.
moreover, even the haqqani network has been given a seat at the table at the pakistani armys behest.
the taliban are well aware of how eager washington and london are to end the war in afghanistan at any cost, and they are willing to play to their weakness.
a myth is being sold in washington and london as high strategy that the taliban are interested in sharing power.
there is no empirical or historical basis to support this claim.
yet it is being made repeatedly and is now almost conventional wisdom in washington and londons power circle.
there is going to be no reconciliation out of this peace process, only a face saving interregnum for a smooth disengagement of the international security assistance force from afghanistan.
during his visit, modi tried to get an assurance from washington that indian interests will not be compromised when it comes to american demands that the taliban break its ties to international terrorist networks and participate in a normal political process.
but it is important for new delhi not to rely primarily on america to pull its chestnuts out of the fire in afghanistan.
new delhi has made itself marginal in afghanistan and it has no one but itself to blame.
it should be willing to fight its own battles.
the time has come for the modi government to assert itself, as much to washington as to its allies and adversaries in kabul.
sushma swaraj with junior foreign minister mj akbar at the pravasi bharatiya divas announcement in new delhi.
(pti) new delhi, aug.
sushma had minutes earlier credited karnataka chief minister siddaramaiah for his support in organising the 2017 event, which will be held in bangalore in january.
but her comments chastised all previous efforts at the event that was started in 2003 by the first bjp prime minister, atal bihari vajpayee, but has been held most by the congress-led upa - each year during its decade-long rule from 2004-2014.
the government of narendra modi, of which she is a part, held the 2015 edition - the 13th - of the diaspora meet in gandhinagar to celebrate 100 years of mahatma gandhi's return to india from south africa.
the prime minister and his team oversaw that effort, and sushmaswaraj was not as involved as she plans to be in the organisation of the 2017 edition, officials said.
the government had after the 2015 edition decided to make the event biennial, and instead hold a series of panel discussions on different sets of diaspora concerns in the in-between year.
it will become relevant only after this pbd.
vayalar ravi, former minister for overseas indian affairs in the manmohan singh cabinet who was in charge of eight of the 13 pbds held so far, countered sushma.
i don't want to join an argument but the diaspora communities know what we did, ravi said.
i can tell you, our diaspora communities were very happy in the years i was minister in charge.
but sushmaswaraj , who made the comments while officially launching the logo of the 2017 pbd - designed by calcutta postal officer debashish sarkar who sketches as a hobby - with siddaramaiah, didn't limit her criticism to just one statement.
asked about efforts to use the pbd to convince affluent sections of the indian diaspora to invest in india, sushmaswaraj was blunt.
the attempt itself was not made till now to draw investments from nris, she said, before softening a bit towards the 2015 event.
only in 2015 was there some effort.
sushma did praise modi for his diaspora outreach events while travelling overseas, claiming that no leader ever had drawn the kind of response he has at his addresses to indian communities in new york, sydney, london, dubai, johannesburg or nairobi.
she also referred to evacuation efforts undertaken by her government and her ministry's prompt response to calls for help from indians trapped in crises abroad.
but the foreign minister also pointed to the detailed panel discussions she is leading with different sections of the diaspora leading up to the january 2017 event to argue that the coming edition will be different form the ones in the past.
there will be deliberations on the recommendations made in the panel discussions, and there will be outcomes.
ravi, however, disagreed with sushma's suggestion that past attendees were non-committed to india.
i can tell you, the indian diaspora has always contributed to this country, in whatever way they can, he said.
i am sure they will continue to do so.
the pbd in bangalore will include a special event for youth members of the diaspora - the 2014 and 2015 editions had also had this session - on january 7, followed by the main programme over the next two days.
new delhi, sept.
3: bjp general secretaries ramlal and ram madhav have been tasked to deal with the cabinets big four to strengthen co-ordination mechanisms between the party and the narendra modi government.
the big four include prime minister modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance and defence minister arun jaitley, and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
presiding over this informal arrangement  that some in the bjp termed a core committee is president amit shah, the prime ministers long-term confidant.
sources said ramlal and madhav would communicate suggestions put forth by party officials and leaders for the government to chew on.
the duo will apprise the party brass of flaws in the governments working, if any, and popular sentiments, besides recommending mid-course corrections.
ramlal is general secretary (organisation), a position that places him as the first among equals in the phalanx of eight others because he is the principal channel of communication between the party and the rss.
ram madhav, a former rss official recently drafted into the bjp, is also a general secretary who concerns himself with foreign policy-related subjects.
however, because madhav enjoys the confidence of rss seniors and modi, he was picked as a conduit along with ramlal.
sources said in keeping with modis diktat that bjp favour-seekers would not be brooked in his system, party members have been told to not come up with requests for transfers and postings for friends and relatives or for awarding out-of-turn contracts and other similar favours.
if help is required for an emergency, the matter will be verified and depending on how genuine it is, it could be pursued, a source said, adding the implementation of government policies would be the partys first priority.
ramlal and madhav, the sources said, would also be expected to brief the rss on the governments functioning.
the need for evolving such a mechanism arose when the government was confronted with the controversy arising from demands to tweak the civil services preliminary tests so that the aspirants from the hindi-speaking states would get a level-playing field.
as the government tried to buy time by setting up a panel to look into various aspects of the matter, bjp cadre grew restive.
they contended that since the party had won the bulk of its lok sabha seats from the hindi heartland, there was no way the government could give the agitators the short shrift.
there was a division in the governments top echelons.
one minister wanted the english orientation to continue, another was against it.
but in such cases, the partys view should prevail.
somebody authoritative is required to present the partys viewpoint to the prime minister and his colleagues, a source said.
the absence of such a structure had brought to fore fault-lines in the atal bihari vajpayee government.
nobody in the party then was assigned to take up issues with the government.
this time, the sources stressed that modi had made up his mind from day one that the government and the party would complement each other and work as equals.
new delhi, june 30: congress president sonia gandhi will meet anna hazare on saturday, citing a packed prior schedule to turn down his request for an appointment today.
the anti-graft activist has been parleying with leaders of major political parties in the capital for the past two days and met bihar rivals nitish kumar and lalu prasad.
sources said despite the congress working committee in its meeting last week coming down strongly on hazare and his colleagues for arrogating to themselves the powers of elected representatives and challenging the architecture of democracy in the garb of civil society activism, sonia decided to meet hazare.
a political leader may hold his or her own views.
but in life, courtesies have to be observed, a source said.
in the past, despite the frequent run-ins between hazare and his team and the ministers on the letter and spirit of the lokpal bill, sonia made it a point to answer the letters the veteran activist had written to her.
the sources, however, ruled out a rethink in the congress on accommodating the rights activists views on bringing the prime minister under the bill.
to underscore the governments standpoint, its press information bureau released write-up by telecom and human resource development minister kapil sibal this evening titled: jan lokpal: cure worse than the disease.
the minister, who was on the joint drafting panel for the lokpal bill, rejected the hazare version on several counts, including the clause on the prime minister.
in a democracy, all public servants are accountable.
none can object in principle to such a proposition.
the issue is whether the jan lokpal consisting of 11 wise men should be given that authority.
.
.
.
our future experience is likely to prove that members of the jan lokpals are also not angels.
independence does not make functionaries angelic, wrote sibal.
bjp undecided the bjp has not yet decided whether it will attend an all-party meeting on the lokpal bill the prime minister has convened on july 3.
party president nitin gadkari told a news channel: the upa wants us to attend the all-party meeting because now it needs our help.
the bjps opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley will hear out hazare on friday on his lokpal draft after which the nda leaders will meet on saturday and take a call on whether they should be part of the prime ministers gathering on sunday or not.
although the bjps initial reflex was to be part of the prime minister-initiated political process, sources said the leaders had second thoughts over bailing out the government.
sources said gadkari was prodded by the rss  that actively backed the hazare and baba ramdev endeavours  to decouple the bjp from the governments efforts.
the bjp isnt the only party thats trying hard not to be seen on the same page as the government.
dmk chief m. karunanidhi stated in chennai today that the prime minister must be within the lokpals ambit to prove to the world that we are clean.
our special correspondentnew delhi: shehbaz sharif, the president of the pakistan muslim league (nawaz), has called for comprehensive peace talks in south asia in the wake of the historic meeting in singapore on tuesday between us president donald trump and north korea's supreme leader kim jong-un.
singapore summit between usa & north korea should set a good precedent for pakistan & india to follow.
ever since the start of korean war, the two nations have been at odds with one another; both threatening to use military force with their nuclear arsenals facing each other, sharif tweeted hours after the trump-kim joint statement for denuclearisation of the korean peninsula.
but in calling for the two countries to move away from their stated positions, sharif - brother of former pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and a former chief minister of the punjab province - reiterated islamabad's stand on kashmir.
if the united states and north korea can return from the brink of a nuclear flashpoint, there is no reason why pakistan and india cannot do the same, beginning with a dialogue on kashmir whose heroic people have resisted and rejected indian occupation, he said.
sharif called for comprehensive peace talks, including resumption of dialogue between the two countries on kashmir so the long-festering kashmir dispute is resolved in accordance with un resolutions.
many jihadi organisations - including the lashkar-e-toiba and the jaish-e-mohammad - that have been targeting india on kashmir are headquartered in the pakistani province of punjab and have in the past helped the pml (n) electorally.
sharif's tweets did not cause any ripples in pakistan, which is currently in election mode.
in any case, he essentially piggybacked the singapore summit to push the establishment line.
pakistan has, in recent months, indicated a desire for resumption of the dialogue process but external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had categorically said two weeks ago that talks and terror cannot go together.
new delhi did not react to sharif's tweets and it was business as usual in bilateral relations with the pakistan foreign office summoning india's acting deputy high commissioner on wednesday to protest a ceasefire violation by india in the chirikot sector, which resulted in the death of a civilian on tuesday.
the pakistan foreign office, in a statement, said indian forces had carried out more than 1,100 ceasefire violations along the line of control and the working boundary, resulting in the death of 29 civilians and injuries to 117 people this year.
last year, according to pakistan, indian forces had committed 1,970 ceasefire violations.
patna, sept.
20: the nalanda university administration is making all possible efforts to start classes at its interim campus from the first week of october.
the varsity was formally inaugurated on friday.
the month-long rent period of the rajgir international conventional centre given to nalanda university to hold its classes is also scheduled to expire by september 30.
the option with the varsity is to either shift to the interim campus or extend their occupancy in the convention centre.
nalanda university vice-chancellor (vc) gopa sabharwal claimed that the classes are expected to start from the interim campus on any day after october 6.
we would hopefully start the classes from the interim campus from the first week of october as the construction work at the classrooms are expected to be completed by then.
there are a few holidays in between because of durga puja but we are trying to avoid any halt in the ongoing work owing to the festivities, gopa told the telegraph today.
deliberating on the commencement of classes on the new campus, gopa said: there are several holidays in the first week of october, including gandhi jayanti (october 2) and id-ul-zoha on october 6.
besides, classes would not be held on october 4 and 5, as they fall on saturday and sunday (nalanda university classes are not held on weekends).
thus, we might actually start the classes at the makeshift site from any day after october 6.
the temporary seat of learning on the premises of a primary health centre and field research centre near the rajgir bus stand is almost equidistant from the designated university campus, the makeshift hostel at hotel tathagat vihar and rajgir international convention centre  around 2.
5km.
sources claimed that the varsity authorities had to initially opt for the convention centre to conduct the classes because of a slight delay in giving finishing touches to the classroom and lecture halls on the varsitys interim campus.
the university authorities zeroed down on the convention centre to ensure students could concentrate on studies without any disturbance right from the beginning.
with regard to construction of the interim campus, sources said the contract for the project was awarded to a private construction company in june and it was given six months time to complete all work.
(see graphic) the work on the right wing of the administrative/academic building has already been completed and it has been handed over by the contractor.
the work on the central wing would also be completed by the first week of october.
the furniture and air-conditioners for the classrooms have also been procured.
moreover, four faculty quarters are ready, work on another four would be completed in 10 days and the remaining quarters are also expected to be over by october 25, said a source at nalanda university.
the orientation programme for the first batch was held on august 29 at the convention centre, around 110km southeast of patna.
classes commenced from september 1.
the new university made a humble start with six teachers  four at the school of historical studies and two at the school of ecology and environment studies.
yin ker, samuel wright, sharman mukherjee and kashshaf ghani are the faculty members of school of historical studies.
the two teachers of school of ecology and environment studies are mihir deb and somnath bandyopadhya.
yesterday, when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj formally inaugurated nalanda university, three students from the school of historical studies and eight students from school of ecology and environment studies were present at the inaugural event.
the indian government has already sanctioned rs 2,727.
1 crore to the university for the construction of its campus during its establishment phase from 2010-11 to 2021-22.
sources claimed that the construction work on the 452-acre sprawling campus would start in the first quarter of the next financial year, after the selection of a project management consultant.
vladimir putin new delhi, dec.
10: indian officials preparing for talks tomorrow between prime minister narendra modi and russian president vladimir putin were today negotiating a delicate tightrope walk to press for greater strategic cooperation without overt acceptance of moscow's ukraine adventure.
russia is nudging india to include cooperation in security and stability of eurasia in a joint statement modi and putin will release after their two-and-a-half-hour meeting tomorrow, senior officials from both nations confirmed to the telegraph.
but new delhi, though keen to adopt a greater role in brokering peace between russia and the us amid their most bitter spat since the cold war, is uneasy with any text that may suggest it agrees explicitly with moscow's policies in eastern europe, the officials said.
it's a balancing act, an indian official said.
we are ready to play a more proactive role, but it has to be on our terms.
putin landed late tonight, and will tomorrow morning meet modi at hyderabad house.
then, delegations of the two nations will huddle for talks that are expected to range from cooperation in space, science, defence, nuclear technology and education to joint economic initiatives, trade, investment and strategic ties.
modi and putin will also unveil a vision document detailing a roadmap for ties between the two nations for the next decade.
at the heart of putin's visit is moscow's drive to increase trade with new delhi at a time western sanctions - following its annexation of crimea - have stripped russian supermarkets of several household goods the country's citizens had got used to over the past two decades.
india has publicly opposed the sanctions against russia - and will reiterate that position in the joint statement issued by modi and putin.
it is also alive to the economic opportunities offered by russia's economic isolation from the west, officials said.
putin and modi will jointly attend a diamond traders' conference here tomorrow evening where they will likely announce plans to build mumbai as a hub for the import of russian raw diamonds.
russia is the world's largest producer of raw diamonds - and india the world's largest consumer.
it (putin's visit) will have a strong focus on redefining the economic partnership between our countries, ajay bisaria, the joint secretary in india's foreign office in charge of relations with russia, said last week.
several documents are under preparation for signing at the summit, in the fields of defence, nuclear energy, customs, banking and energy.
but it is the joint statement released by the two leaders that will be the marquee document from putin's visit.
it will also be the document every country interested in india-russia ties will scan to search for hints of how the modi government plans to balance new delhi's traditional bonhomie with moscow with its clear focus on bolstering relations with washington.
critical to that balance, indian officials argued today, is the wording used by the two nations in the joint statement to articulate plans for enhanced strategic cooperation.
senior officials have told the telegraph modi will, if prodded during his meeting with putin, offer to use india's warm relations with both russia and the us to ease tensions between them.
but it does not want to appear to be overtly backing either washington or moscow.
islamabad, dec.
8 (agencies): pakistan on friday said it will allow convicted indian death row prisoner kulbhushan jadhav to meet both his wife and mother on december 25, months after india sought a visa for his mother also, on humanitarian grounds.
jadhav, 47, was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court in april on charges of espionage and terrorism.
india has denied he is a spy.
earlier on november 10, pakistan had agreed to allow jadhav's wife to meet him, but india had also sought an assurance that she would not be detained.
the international court of justice in may had halted his execution on india's appeal.
jadhav has been allowed to meet his wife and mother on december 25, foreign office spokesman mohammad faisal said.
we have conveyed the decision to india, faisal said.
during his weekly news briefing, the spokesman said a staff member from the indian high commission will also be present during the meeting.
he also said jadhav's family will be provided security during their stay in pakistan.
india has been pressing pakistan to grant a visa to jadhav's mother, avantika, on humanitarian grounds.
swaraj had recently discussed jadhav's case with pakistani high commissioner to new delhi sohail mahmood.
pakistan has repeatedly denied india consular access to jadhav on the ground that it was not applicable in cases related to spies.
jadhav had filed an appeal with pakistan army chief general qamar javed bajwa to seek clemency.
the appeal is still pending.
in october, the pakistan army had said it is close to a decision on the mercy petition of jadhav.
pakistan claims its security forces arrested him from its restive balochistan province on march 3 last year after he reportedly entered from iran.
however, india maintains that jadhav was kidnapped from iran where he had business interests after retiring from the indian navy.
jadhav's sentencing had evoked a sharp reaction in india.
after india approached the international court of justice, a 10-member bench on may 18 restrained pakistan from executing jadhav till adjudication of the case.
the icj has asked pakistan to submit its response or memorial by december 13 before the court could start further proceedings in the case.
the bjps election symbol being painted on a wall in kochi on wednesday.
(pti) bhopal, march 12: one didi has been replaced by another in madhya pradesh.
sushma swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha who has her roots in haryana, is the final arbitrator in disputes in the state, closest confidante of chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and a popular figure in the state bjp circles.
her rise has eclipsed another didi  firebrand sadhvi uma bharti, who is struggling to stage a comeback in her home state.
a former chief minister and now an mla in neighbouring uttar pradesh, uma wants to contest the lok sabha polls from bhopal or tikamgarh.
however, umas supporters say she has been asked by the central leadership to consider jhansi or ayodhya in uttar pradesh.
sushma, all set to be renominated from vidisha, is on the other hand being offered the bhopal seat by the local party unit.
sitting mp kailash joshi is opting out on grounds of old age.
the sushma-shivraj team has become a legend of sorts.
each time the chief minister needs the centres help, sushmaswaraj intervenes to get him an appointment with prime minister manmohan singh or his ministers.
in the bjp parliamentary board, too, she is his staunch supporter.
in november 2013, she helped clear a move to let him contest from two assembly seats, vidisha and budhni, barely 100km apart.
now sushmaswaraj is backing the chief ministers wife sadhna as the candidate for the vidisha seat vacated by shivraj, who has retained budhni.
two days ago, the mp was in vidisha when a party delegation sought an assembly ticket for sadhna.
if anyone can create problem in allocation of ticket to sadhna singh, it is our chief minister shivraj singh chouhan himself.
if he agrees, there is no problem, she joked.
chouhan was present but chose to remain silent, which is being seen as a sign of his acceptance.
winning will not be a problem for the chief ministers wife, party sources said.
however, a minister said: it will create problem for us in the state assembly as the chief ministers wife will get preferential treatment from party backbenchers and at the same time, the opposition would mock us.
state bjp chief narendra singh tomar clarified that the party has not received any proposal to nominate sadhna.
vidisha will go to the polls on april 24.
sushma entered madhya pradesh politics in 2006 as rajya sabha mp from the state, almost at the same time that shivraj was appointed chief minister.
she won the 2009 lok sabha election from vidisha by a big margin.
the emergence of a powerful outsider rattled the chief ministers camp but sushmaswaraj is said to have taken the lead in supporting him.
she consciously avoided becoming a power centre in state politics, staying away from appointments, transfers or creating a group of her own.
when narendra modi was named the bjps prime ministerial candidate, sushmaswaraj and shivraj began working closely.
while shivraj denies any rift with modi, the prime ministerial nominees absence from the state in the run-up to the lok sabha polls has been glaring.
modi was last seen in mp during the november 2013 assembly polls.
she said: the flood threat in bihar has been averted as nepalese authorities have drained out water from the artificial lake created on the kosi river through a controlled explosion.
the prime ministers presence helped in carrying out this action.
bihar is now free from floods.
she added that since the artificial lake on the kosi was created at the time modi was in nepal, the authorities in himalayan nation carried out a controlled explosion and drained out the water.
for the first time in many years, there will be no floods this time in bihar, she said.
her assurance came after she made a suo motu statement on modis nepal visit that helped give a new direction to the india-nepal ties.
sharad had asked if modi raised the issue of the flood threat on his nepal visit.
our special correspondentexternal affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, with ministers of state mj akbar and v.k. singh, releases a publication, during the ministry's annual press conference on completion of 4 years of the nda government, in new delhi on monday.
(pti photo)new delhi: the twitter-minister tag that many narendra modi-baiters have given her riled external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj so much on monday that she made no effort to hide it at her annual media conference.
although, initially, swaraj had projected her much-appreciated twitter outreach as part of a policy decision to rid her ministry of its elitist veneer, a question that referred to a reported congress accusation that the foreign ministry had shifted to the pmo and she was just left with a twitter handle appeared to have got under her skin.
after a detailed rejoinder to the question, she brought it up twice again in the last quarter of the interaction.
her response suggested she had taken personal affront at the jibe although the modi critics have usually used the twitter-minister tag not as a comment on her competence but as a reflection of how proven efficiency is shown no consideration by the modi-amit shah duopoly.
if i don't know anything about foreign policy, how am i replying to all these questions?
my twitter is doing the job of connecting mea with the masses.
why?
i have been in politics for 41 years and have fought 11 elections.
those who are elected to the lok sabha are conscious of the plight of the people.
and, to address their problems is my priority as minister.
we have connected public policy with foreign policy.
these insensitive people may mock at it, but ask the entire nation and those indians stuck in a foreign country.
the day one of their own is stuck overseas, they (the critics) will understand the value of this twitter, she shot back.
sure enough, through the long media conference, sushmaswaraj fielded every question without any help from her junior ministers or officials.
new delhi, july 20: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today named china as the one responsible for blocking india's bid to join the nuclear suppliers group last month, the first time the narendra modi government has publicly blamed beijing for the setback.
but sushmaswaraj refused to accept opposition claims that the centre had hyped its bid and not prepared well enough to push through india's application when the 48-nation club of nuclear exporters met in seoul.
we are continuing our efforts in engaging with china on this issue.
in seoul, china had refused to consider india's application to join the nsg unless it signed the non-proliferation treaty (npt), which new delhi considers discriminatory.
the nsg takes decisions through consensus and china's block was enough to stall india's bid, though at least four other nations that supported new delhi's case had sought criteria on the basis of which non-npt signatories could join the club that regulates nuclear commerce.
the opposition accused the government of rushing its application without adequate diplomatic preparation and then resorting to lofty rhetoric.
i agree we should be a member of the nsg but only after 100 per cent preparation, congress spokesperson abhishek manu singhvi said.
you had to do this homework well before you applied for it.
that is the meaning of quiet diplomacy - not event management, not optics.
but sushmaswaraj insisted the centre had not hyped its bid, saying it quietly applied on may 12 and made it public only in early june.
we have been taught to make serious efforts to achieve things.
no hype was created when we submitted our application.
we did it with low fanfare.
new delhi, aug.
9: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit vietnam from august 25 for her first foreign visit beyond indias immediate neighbourhood after entering office, she told officials of the asean in myanmar today.
sushma has already visited bhutan with prime minister narendra modi, bangladesh and nepal on her own.
in vietnam, she is expected to meet leaders of vietnamese communist party, hold talks with foreign minister and inaugurate the asean india network of thinktanks in hanoi.
new delhi, july 30: the expansion of narendra modis council of ministers will depend on how the bjps alliances in election-bound maharashtra and haryana pan out, party sources said.
a cabinet expansion seems likely only after the next round of assembly polls, a party source said.
this means bjp hopefuls might have to cool their heels for some more time, though the expectation is that the prime minister would eventually enlarge his team as its current size of 46 is a little more than half the limit of 82 15 per cent of the lok sabhas 543 members.
the 46 include 24 of cabinet rank, 10 ministers of state with independent charge and 12 junior ministers.
size apart, modi may look to correct regional imbalances in his team that has only one member each from uttarakhand and himachal pradesh where the bjp had won all lok sabha seats.
rajasthan, too, is represented by a lone junior minister despite the partys clean sweep of all 25 seats.
when the bjp lost the three assembly seats in last weeks uttarakhand byelections, one reason cited was the absence of a nominee in the union council of ministers.
sources said modi could put off the expansion until after the maharashtra and haryana elections because of the turbulent state of the bjps alliances.
in maharashtra, where the bjp has ratcheted up its demand for a greater seat share against ally shiv sena, the fear is the sena might demand a disproportionate number of berths .
the sena now has a lone minister, anant geete, who was miffed when he was handed out the heavy industries portfolio.
the sena had a wish list of five  three cabinet and two junior  ministers.
for the assembly polls, the bjp has conveyed that the old seat-sharing formula  117 for the bjp and 171 for the sena  will no longer be acceptable.
we have repeatedly demonstrated in recent elections that our strike rate is higher than the senas.
the sena has to reconcile itself to this reality, a maharashtra bjp mp said.
in haryana, the bjp is in a tenuous position as it never had much of a base in a state where the major castes divided their loyalties between the congress and the regional parties.
the jats either went with the congress or the indian national lok dal, while the bishnois were loyal to the family of bhajan lal.
bhajans progeny, kuldeep bishnoi, heads the haryana janhit congress (hjc), which has a partnership with the bjp that didnt work effectively in the lok sabha polls.
a section of the bjp had second thoughts about persisting with bishnoi after the party won seven of haryanas 10 lok sabha seats.
when the partnership was first stitched three years ago with the initiative of sushmaswaraj swaraj  who hails from the state  the mutual understanding was that in a state election, the parties would each fight 45 of the 90 seats.
the chief ministers post would go to bishnoi.
however, when the hjc failed to open its account in this summers general elections, the bjp signalled to bishnoi that it wished to contest the bulk of the assembly seats and claim the chief ministers post if the alliance won.
anita joshuanew delhi: india appears keen to move beyond doklam but the chinese seem unwilling to let new delhi forget that beijing views what happened in the tri-junction with bhutan this summer as a transgression.
this becomes clear from china's official version of what transpired between foreign ministers wang yi and sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday at their first bilateral meeting since the doklam troop standoff.
in a chinese foreign office statement on thursday, wang said that bilateral relations had maintained an overall development momentum but the results were unsatisfactory despite efforts by both sides.
the dong lang incident caused by the indian border troops' illegal crossing of the china-indian boundary into the chinese territory was a severe test for bilateral relations, he says.
swaraj's two-line statement on the meeting had made no mention of doklam although officials acknowledged that the subject had come up, with the two sides agreeing that the relationship should not be hostage to any single issue.
before thursday's statement, issued in english, china had put out a statement in mandarin on monday.
based on this, the chinese media had reported that the talks were heated and quoted wang as saying:the viciousness caused by the cross-border infiltration of the indian border guards put bilateral relations under severe pressure.
following these reports, the indian foreign ministry issued a statement on wednesday saying the two ministers had noted the challenge the standoff posed to the relationship and both were satisfied that it had been resolved through diplomacy.
during thursday's regular weekly briefing, ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar reiterated that the way the meeting had been reported in parts of the media was completely incorrect.
however, although the english version of the chinese statement eschews the word viciousness, it does convey beijing's strong views about the standoff.
kumar had quoted wang as saying that the peaceful resolution of the standoff reflected the political maturity on both sides.
while agreeing with this, sushmaswaraj has stressed that peace at the borders is a prerequisite for smooth bilateral relations.
china does not dispute that both sides showed maturity but underlines the need to learn the lessons of the face-off to prevent similar incidents from happening again --- a stand that assumes significance in the light of fresh reports about a chinese troop build-up in the area.
from the chinese account, it seems that at the meeting, wang had dwelt at length on the need for each country to see the other as an opportunity and not a challenge, and a partner rather than an opponent.
the statement quotes him: if china and india speak in one voice, the world will listen.
this statement, together with a remark by wang against forming cliques, seems like china telling india that it disapproves of new delhi joining exploratory talks to resurrect the quadrilateral with the us, japan and australia to checkmate beijing in the indo-pacific region.
new delhi, july 2: india has formally protested to the us after reports yesterday suggested that americas national security agency may have spied on the now-ruling bjp, but tried to firewall its delicate relationship with washington from any fallout of the controversy.
the ministry of external affairs today summoned a senior diplomat from the us embassy to demand an explanation for the alleged snooping and to seek an assurance that it would not happen again, senior government officials said.
india has sought an explanation of the information contained in the press reports and an assurance that such authorisations will not be acted upon by us government entities, as far as indian citizens, entities and the government of india are concerned, foreign office spokesperson and joint secretary syed akbaruddin said.
if such intrusions have indeed been authorised and have taken place, it is highly objectionable.
but new delhi, the officials said, had no intention to ratchet up tensions with the us following the revelations at a time the two nations are desperately trying to overcome months of acrimony and washingtons complex history with prime minister narendra modi.
these revelations have come at a really bad time and perception management will be critical, a senior official told the telegraph.
but both india and the us are mature enough to know that we need to focus on getting the relationship back on track, and not get sidetracked.
modi, denied a visa by the us in 2005, is scheduled to visit washington in september for a summit with president barack obama that both nations hope will help settle differences that include tensions over the arrest of diplomat devyani khobragade in new york last year.
the revelations, published in the washington post yesterday based on documents leaked by nsa whistleblower edward snowden, shadowed us senator from arizona john mccains trip to india that began today.
mccain, the senior-most us politician to visit india since the election of the new government, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but pulled out of a scheduled meet with the media immediately after.
he has sought a meeting with modi tomorrow.
by the time mccain finished his meeting with sushmaswaraj , india had  at about 10 in the morning  summoned a us diplomat to register its protest.
new delhi refused to identify the diplomat who was summoned.
the us embassy does not have a full-fledged ambassador at present.
former envoy nancy powell resigned in april amid a bitter feud with india, and washington is yet to appoint a replacement.
the us has temporarily appointed career diplomat kathleen stephens as its charge daffaires.
new delhi, nov.
22: the affable nitin gadkari has been around as bjp president for almost two years but finance minister pranab mukherjee seems to have discovered him only yesterday.
gadkari the potential facilitator, that is.
a note of bonhomie was struck over a lunch that pranab hosted for the bjp chief.
the leader of the lok sabha did not invite the opposition partys leaders in parliament: l.k. advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
sources close to pranab and gadkari said the duo discussed a range of issues, including the introduction of the goods and services tax (gst) and direct tax code (dtc) regimes.
while nothing tangible transpired, the sources described the talks at pranabs home as an ice-breaker.
they said the meeting was the outcome of several factors.
our reading is that the bjp president is in favour of gst and dtc but sections in his party, including some chief ministers, are not.
we hope he will bring them round, a congress minister said.
the government hopes to use the fledgling gadkari-pranab amity to get the bjp to help pass the lokpal, gst and dtc bills.
the congress believes that gadkari has lately become interventionist after initially giving the impression that he would only mind the party organisation and let sushmaswaraj and jaitley run parliamentary affairs.
since the monsoon session, he has been attending the bi-weekly parliamentary party meetings (held when the house sits) and subtly nudging the leaders to go for more confrontation on corruption issues.
besides, gadkari happens to be the bjps main conduit with the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh, which holds the veto on crucial matters relating to the party organisation and the parliamentary wing.
it is understood that at the recent india economic summit in mumbai, industry leaders including reliance industries chairman mukesh ambani had prodded the upa to fast-track policy reforms in critical areas by evolving a political consensus.
ambani was quoted in the media saying: just because we live in a democracy doesnt mean that we should feel paralysed.
.
.
.
both the central and state governments need to align and move faster.
sources said the bjp chief had a grouse against the upa managers.
he felt that they, instead of substantively engaging his party on policy issues, confined themselves to interacting with the house opposition leaders on floor management when parliament was in session.
all the while, they allowed leaders like digvijaya singh to freely target the sangh.
new delhi, dec.
25: for most babus, good governance began and ended at home today.
prime minister narendra modis idea of celebrating good governance day on christmas fizzled into political tokenism as his government, under fire from the opposition and minority groups over the move, largely avoided involving the administrative machinery to avert further controversy.
good governance has begun on a very promising note, modi said in a statement today.
government officials would agree, as most of them were spared from attending office and enjoyed the christmas holiday with their families.
only a handful of ministries organised seminars on good governance.
unlike the october 2 launch of modis pet swachh bharat abhiyan project, when bureaucrats worked along with their cabinet ministers, todays activities were limited to sporadic ribbon-cutting or broom-wielding by bjp parliamentarians at their constituencies.
senior party officials conceded that unlike the october 2 event, the lack of a clear to-do list on good governance day led to confusion.
perhaps picking up a broom  the symbol of the swachh bharat campaign  seemed the easiest option to many.
ravi shankar prasad marked the day by launching new initiatives by his communications and information technology ministry.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj cleaned a railway station in her constituency of vidisha in madhya pradesh.
modi himself was seen cleaning the assi ghat in varanasi while lok sabha member meenakshi lekhi launched a pilot project to replace the existing streetlights with led lamps in delhi.
quizzed about the lack of a concrete programme, bjp lawmakers were forced to resort to philosophising on the meaning of good governance.
good governance is to have a proactive and approachable government that has a clear vision.
in the previous government, the leader didnt know whether to bat or ball if he won the toss, junior urban development minister babul supriyo said.
supriyo today went on a cleanliness awareness drive at mumbais goregoan railway station but confessed he had had little to do as the station was already clean.
asked why most of the lawmakers were on a cleaning spree today, supriyo said: good governance is about cleaning complications in the bureaucracy; its about a frame of mind, its about the way in which our pm wants the country to think.
cleanliness is very much a part of it.
modi had spoken of the plan to mark december 25 as good governance day at the bjps december 2 parliamentary meeting.
it was meant as a tribute to atal bihari vajpayee, who turned 90 today, but its overlap with christmas stoked controversy.
the rajya sabha was stalled for days as the opposition demanded an explanation for a human resource development ministry circular to schools to stay open on christmas day and organise events on good governance.
modi today said in his statement that good governance was about simplification of procedures and processes to bring in transparency.
an open and accountable administration is what we had promised to deliver and we will do so, he said.
modi also emphasised government use of technology.
technology is an empowering tool for the citizen and an accountability medium for the goverment, he said.
at a cabinet meeting yesterday, the prime minister had asked each ministry to come up with an electronic book containing all its achievements.
the e-books will be hosted on the ministry websites and can be read on smartphones by anyone.
the opposition leaders at the meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
picture by prem singh new delhi, june 14: the bjp committee on the president's election will meet sonia gandhi and sitaram yechury on friday in an effort to show that the ruling party is reaching out to the opposition to build a consensus on the top constitutional post.
the bjp is determined to get a person of its choice elected president and the move to reach out to opposition leaders is merely aimed at showing that the ruling party is engaging in the democratic nicety of taking rivals into confidence, sources said.
the courtesy is also aimed at winning over some opposition parties and getting them to support the nda's candidate, according to the sources.
one of the three members on the committee, venkaiah naidu, today spoke to bsp leader satish chandra mishra and the ncp's praful patel, the sources said.
mishra and patel are said to have assured naidu that their parties would firm up their stand only after a meeting with the bjp committee, the sources said.
the bjp is yet to finalise any name and party sources said the consultations with opposition leaders were aimed at reading their minds.
without any name, the consultations with the opposition hold little significance and appear to be more an effort to break the rivals' unity, many leaders feel.
we will not propose any name at this stage.
we will talk to the opposition and try to find out their criteria for a person acceptable as the next president.
based on the interactions with the opposition, leaders of the party will meet and finalise a suitable candidate whom the opposition will find difficult to oppose, a bjp leader said.
the opposition welcomed the government's initiative.
senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad said after a meeting of opposition leaders in delhi: the process has just begun.
neither has the government proposed any name, nor did we discuss any at today's meeting.
the sub-committee of opposition leaders will meet again to discuss the name as and when the government discloses its choice.
azad said the opposition would field a candidate jointly if the government's choice didn't satisfy them, arguing that they wanted a person who could preserve the constitutional values of equality and secularism.
today's meeting was attended by azad, yechury, mallikarjun kharge, sharad yadav, lalu prasad, yechury, derek o'brien, sudhakar reddy and praful patel, among others.
although the bjp is tightlipped about its candidate, the names of veteran mp murli manohar joshi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and uttar pradesh governor ram naik are doing the rounds.
these names are said to have been proposed by the rss for consideration by the government.
bjp leaders, however, cautioned against any guessing game, pointing out that prime minister narendra modi could spring a surprise.
front page > northeast > northeast briefs northeast briefs visa in house guwahati, aug.
12: the assam pcc today said rajya sabha mp bhubaneswar kalita raised the issue of proposed visa-free entry for bangladeshis in the upper house.
man dies jorhat: biman bora, an employee of a local news channel here, was killed on tuesday when the janashatabdi expresss hit his bike at rajabari while crossing the tracks to enter the jorhat dto.
six injured dhubri: six passengers of an autorickshaw were injured when a car hit it on dudhnoi-damra on monday night.
statue dhubri: a statue of former chief minister late sarat chandra sinha was unveiled at chapor on tuesday.
memorandum guwahati: representatives of seven opposition parties on tuesday submitted a memorandum to assam governor j.b. patnaik seeking steps on various issues.
protests guwahati: the members of bhumi adhikar sangram samiti and krishak mukti sangram samiti staged separate demonstrations here on tuesday to protest the announcement made by tarun gogoi in his budget speech yesterday that no land settlement would be given on the city hills.
darjeeling, aug.
4: narendra modis offer that india was ready to review its 1950 treaty with nepal has prompted renewed calls by political parties in the hills to seek a re-look at article vii of the pact to help solve the identity problem of indian gorkhas.
the purported lack of a distinct identity for the gorkhas is one of the major points on which the hill parties have premised their demand for gorkhaland.
parties such as the gorkha janmukti morcha and the gnlf argue that article vii of the indo-nepal treaty of peace and friendship, 1950, portrays the indian gorkhas as immigrants.
the prime minister made the remark on the treaty at a banquet hosted by his nepali counterpart, sushil koirala, in kathmandu yesterday.
the pmo quoted modi as saying: my doors are open, i invite you to bring any suggestions to review the 1950 treaty, if you so want.
article vii of the treaty says: the governments of india and nepal agree to grant, on reciprocal basis, to the nationals of one country in the territories of the other the same privileges in the matter of residence, ownership of property, participation in trade and commerce, movement and other privileges of a similar nature.
the hill parties believe the privileges granted by article vii lead to the gorkhas in india being termed as immigrants from nepal.
the parties say such an identity problem can be solved only through the formation of gorkhaland.
roshan giri, the general secretary of the morcha, said the party welcomed modis decision to review the treaty.
we are now hopeful that after the revision of the treaty, there will be a clear distinction between the gorkhas of india and the nepalese citizens, he told the telegraph over the phone from haridwar.
the gnlf and the cprm were more forthcoming and demanded that article vii be scrapped.
m.g. subba, the convenor of the gnlfs darjeeling branch committee, said: our stand is clear.
article vii has to be abolished.
citizens of india and nepal do not need visas to enter each others territory because of article vii.
govind chhetri, the spokesman for the cprm, said: it is important that the system of passport and visas must be introduced to travel (from india) to nepal and vice versa.
the lack of such a provision has created the present controversy.
so, article vii of the treaty should be scrapped.
modis remark came in the backdrop of a meeting of the joint commission of india and nepal formed to look into the bilateral relationship.
although the commission had been formed in 1987, it had been dormant for years.
last week, indias foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart in nepal, mahendra bahadur pandey co-chaired a meeting of the joint commission.
the identity issue of the gorkhas being propounded by the darjeeling-based political parties might not be in modis mind while he expressed his readiness to review the treaty.
this is because nepal has been protesting the treaty, which it believes is loaded heavily in favour of india.
the campaign against article vii of the accord had even led to bloodbath in the hills.
on july 27, 1986, when gnlf supporters were marching to kalimpong to burn a copy of the treaty, 13 people died in a police firing.
our special correspondentnew delhi: defence minister nirmala sitharaman said on tuesday that there was no tension between india and china as both the neighbours are now talking and meeting each other.
she was referring to last month's informal summit prime minister narendra modi held with chinese president xi jinping and visits by her and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to that country.
there is no tension between the two neighbours.
we are talking and meeting each other.
that is a big change, sitharaman told reporters after inaugurating the bi-annual commanders' conference in new delhi.
her statement comes against the backdrop of india's rising concerns over the increased militarisation in the indian ocean where china is expanding its presence.
sitharaman was replying to a question on what had changed on the military front between india and china following the visits by modi, sushmaswaraj and the defence minister.
during the four-day conference, senior navy commanders will discuss combat efficiency and preparedness.
pak girl reprievenew delhi, sept.
12 (pti): the delhi government has decided to relax its rules and grant admission in a school to madhu, a 16-year-old pakistani migrant girl who fled religious persecution in punjab province last year along with her family.
madhu has been struggling to get admission because of lack of required documents.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took note of media reports of her struggle and raised the issue with arvind kejriwal.
kapil troublemumbai (pti): the raj thackeray-led maharashtra navnirman sena has filed a complaint against comedian kapil sharma for not clarifying his allegation that he was asked to pay a bribe of rs 5 lakh by an official of the brihanmumbai municipal corporation.
cisf sackingnew delhi (pti): delhi high court has upheld the 2011 sacking of a cisf constable for sharing information on facebook about various units with a pakistani woman, saying divulging such inputs to an undercover agent was detrimental to national security.
bigg bosspune (pti): trupti desai has been invited by colors tv channel to participate in the reality show, bigg boss, the women's rights activist claimed on monday.
she has, however, laid the condition that she will take part only if a woman is brought in as the voice of bigg boss.
gutka shockmalegaon (pti): a 21-year-old youth died of electric shock after he spat gutka on a high tension wire, police said on monday.
mohammed yasin, who had gone to see his brother, spat on the wire from a first-floor window.
he was rushed to hospital where doctors declared him dead, an officer said.
blue whalemumbai (pti): a 47-feet-long blue whale has been rescued along a beach in maharashtra's konkan and put back into the waters.
the whale,which had drifted into the shallow waters near the jaitapur power plant in ratnagiri district, was spotted by the local people on saturday.
gadkari at an election rally in himachals kinnaur district on saturday.
(pti) new delhi, oct.
27: nitin gadkari may be able to complete his term as party president thanks to rss fears of an advani takeover and the bjps reluctance to yield straightaway to media pressure and an alleged congress game plan.
gadkari, who offered to resign yesterday after the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh distanced itself from his business dealings, won a breather today with the parent organisation telling the bjp brass to maintain status quo for now.
gadkaris term ends on december 19.
the sangh feared that if gadkari quit right now, the so-called delhi four  l.k. advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and ananth kumar  might regain the upper hand in the bjp.
besides, sources said, the bjp refused to countenance being dictated to by inquisitorial tv channels baying for gadkaris blood.
why should we allow so-and-so to tell us who should be sacked and who should be brought in?
a senior bjp official said, referring to a television anchor.
sources said there had been back-fence talk about advani wishing to do a holding operation as bjp head till a new incumbent was elected.
this unnerved the sangh because if advani took over, his appointment would have to be formalised sooner than later, and for three years at that.
a person close to advani junked the speculation but other sources claimed the sangh refused to dismiss the scenario, given some bjp leaders propensity for carrying their backroom manipulations to their logical end.
next, the name of another senior leader from the delhi cabal was mentioned as gadkaris successor.
this too was not to the liking of the sangh, especially its chief mohanrao bhagwat, because of what insiders described as a trust deficit.
so, despite yesterdays pious statement from sangh no.
2 suresh bhaiyyaji joshi about probes into illegal money deals and punishment for the guilty, the bjp brass was told to cool its heels till the governments official investigation, supposedly under way, was over.
joshi today told reporters its the bjp that will decide gadkaris fate and denied that the sangh was his godfather.
he suggested that since gadkari had himself sought a probe, the law must be allowed to run its course.
bjp sources claimed the gadkari controversy was instigated and pumped up by the congress to try and resurrect infighting in the main opposition ahead of the gujarat and himachal pradesh polls.
they said the bjp must not succumb to such machinations.
the congress is guilty of amassing lakhs of crores but its leaders continue to be in power.
why must the onus be on the bjp to prove its probity all the time?
gadkari, or whoever else, will quit when it suits us politically.
the bjp feels the himachal polls would be a test case of whether the corruption charges against gadkari would affect votes.
more so because gadkari had landed up in the state against the wishes of himachal bjp leaders who wanted him to have no part in their corruption campaign against the congresss virbhadra singh.
it is unclear whether narendra modi would welcome gadkari into gujarat.
congress general secretary digvijaya singh has warned that having gadkari in office would expose the bjps lack of conviction in the fight against corruption.
president pranab mukherjee will confer degrees on students at nalanda university's first convocation to be held on august 27.
the president, along with chief minister nitish kumar, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, nalanda university chancellor george yeo and vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal, will also lay the foundation stone for the new varsity campus that is being built over a 455-acre area.
members of the governing board and the academic council will also attend the event as will hassan wirajuda, indonesia's former foreign minister and member of nalanda university's international advisory panel.
nalanda university, located 110km south of patna, embarked on its new journey on september 1, 2014, over 800 years after the ancient seat of learning was destroyed.
it presently runs from a makeshift campus on the premises of a health-care and research unit near rajgir bus stand.
the new campus, around 2.
5km from the rajgir bus stand, will be a net-zero one - which means it will not add to emission of greenhouse gases for its energy requirements.
the university has been working with the district administration to ensure the first convocation is a success.
the district administration and university officials have been holding weekly meetings to supervise preparations.
approach roads and parking areas are being developed on the new campus area, the venue for the event.
once the construction work for the new campus starts, the deadline for completing first phase is 32 months.
the campus, which will be built around a lake and will have academic facilities, student/staff housing and an area earmarked for innovation in agriculture, will be able to accommodate 7,000 people.
in 2012, nalanda university had launched an architectural design competition for the campus' master plan and the architectural design of buildings and facilities for the first phase of construction.
the international jury for the competition, comprising well-known architects and three members of the varsity governing board, selected ahmedabad-based vastu shilpa consultants to design the campus.
there were shouts and murmurs of delay in starting the construction for the new campus but the university administration said the lag was mainly due to the process.
planning for any construction of the scale we are aiming for requires extensive work and detailing, said vice-chancellor gopa sabharwal.
the fact that we are aiming to build one of the largest net-zero campuses from the ground adds to the work and time required for smooth execution.
the university had started its academic programme with two courses - school of historical studies and school of ecology and environment studies.
earlier this year, it launched one more programme - school of buddhist studies, philosophy and comparative religions.
work in progress for the convocation ceremony.
picture by sachin features academic buildingthe academic complex housing various academic programmes will be linked through verandahs and covered streets, intercepted by rhythmic courts.
the university, at present, runs three academic programmes  school of historical studies, school of ecology and environment studies and school of buddhist studies, philosophy and comparative religions.
students hostels on the lines of the viharas in nalanda, the hostels will represent a very compact unit.
the student hostel will have clusters, each cluster catering to 80-100 students.
there will be a central point, representing a central chowk defined by a large banyan or peepal tree.
sports complexthe sports facilities will include basketball court, swimming pool, badminton, squash, table tennis and basketball court for all-round development of students.
libraryit will be one of most important buildings of the university.
the library will not only have collections of books but will have spaces of discovery, learning, teaching, reflection and fostering communities.
it will have a caf, bookstore, discussion rooms, exhibition galleries, meditation centre, roof garden and an observatory.
new delhi, aug.
16: bjp insiders fear that nitish kumar may be using their central leaders as a bulwark against the rashtriya swayamsevak sanghs eventual plans to bring narendra modi on the national centre stage.
the concern is being increasingly voiced by members from two states, uttar pradesh and bihar, that hold the key to the partys emergence as a national contender for power in 2014.
they are not swayed either by the prospect of rajnath singh, a former chief minister of uttar pradesh, emerging as a probable candidate for prime minister, or with the threat of the janata dal (united) and nitish pulling out of the nda should modi be projected as the face of the coalition.
for us, who need to win elections and break the jinx of staying out of power for 10 years, modis the only bet.
he can motivate us, motivate people and get the votes we need, an uttar pradesh mp said.
nor were they persuaded by the argument that modi, with his extremist image, was no match for the bjps only mass leader and liberal face to date, atal bihari vajpayee.
the fear that nitish was playing a larger game to knock off the participants on the chessboard, as it were, before 2014 hit many in the bjp after party veteran murli manohar joshis tte--tte with the chief minister in patna.
on august 11, r.k. sinha, a joshi associate from bihar, had organised a pre-planned programme for the bjp mp.
nitish called on joshi and was reportedly closeted with him for over an hour.
while details of what transpired are not known, sources said they had agreed that the nda would settle the prime minister issue by consensus and not allow other forces (read the rss) to force a candidate of its choice.
the sources maintained that nitish and joshi also agreed that l.k. advani would be party to this process but were silent on whether it would also involve other leaders, notably nitin gadkari, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
after some cajoling, a source who was partially privy to the joshi-nitish interaction, claimed: perhaps not, because they have their own agendas.
nitish is said to have excellent relations with advani and jaitley and is not known to have any problem with sushmaswaraj , an erstwhile socialist comrade.
however, advani still nurses an ambition to move into 7 race course road, notwithstanding the broad hints dropped by the sangh that those who were over 70 in the bjp should not contest the next lok sabha polls.
if enforced, this norm will also exclude joshi.
bihar and uttar pradesh leaders plan to caution bjp chief gadkari to foil nitishs alleged design to trigger a churn in the partys top echelon by stoking individual ambitions and creating an impression that he would be the kingmaker in 2014.
his game plan is to claim prime ministership for himself.
we are falling into the trap, said a bihar leader.
he cited an instance of how nitish had allegedly used incipient ambitions among bjp leaders to his advantage.
in 2009, during seat-sharing talks, differences had surfaced over two, one of which was held by the bjp in the past.
nitish reportedly told one of the bjps negotiators that he should consider the big national picture and his own higher aspirations and not split hairs over one seat in a large state.
he assured him that the dal (u) would deliver the seat to the nda.
it did not.
this is how he bargains and our leaders get flattered, a source said.
guwahati, jan.
9: bjp leaders today claimed the involvement of ottavio quattrocchi in the bofors payoff controversy led directly to the doorstep of sonia gandhi, but the party resolved its anti-corruption debate by not naming the congress chief in its political resolution.
the compromise came as the party wrapped up its two-day national executive here, the resolution vowing to fight corruption tooth and nail.
individual leaders who spoke during the discussions on the resolution and at an nda rally this afternoon, however, attacked sonia in varying degrees.
while those squeamish about personalised criticism used the phrase first family, former party chiefs l.k. advani and rajnath singh took sonias name.
the contours of the blow-hot-blow-cold strategy were unveiled this morning by spokesperson nirmala sitharaman who briefed the media on the resolution.
we think the way in which the kickbacks were given being very clearly established by an appellate authority identifying quattrocchi, who all of us know had enviable access to the then prime minister, clearly takes this issue directly to the doorstep of shrimati soniaji, sitharaman said.
in an order last week, the income tax appellate tribunal had said agents win chadha and ottavio quattrocchi and their front companies received commission in the bofors defence deal and should have been made to pay income tax on it.
by then, the old ghosts of 2010 had already claimed their casualties.
(former telecom minister a.) raja was swallowed up by 2g spectrum, ashok chavan by adarsh and suresh kalmadi by the cwg.
but the fourth ghost was showing the way to the congress leaderships door, she told an audience at khanapara ground.
rajnath said there was a crisis of credibility facing the country since the tax tribunals ruling.
therefore, it is incumbent on sonia to explain facts to people, he said.
advani demanded that the congress president should accept or deny the familys links with the italian businessman, who was reportedly close to rajiv and sonia.
the resolution restated the bjps demand for a joint parliamentary committee probe into the spectrum scam, the adarsh building scandal in mumbai and commonwealth games-related corruption.
africans and residents of rajpur khurd at the meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
picture by ramakant kushwaha new delhi, june 1: more than a hundred africans and local residents of rajpur khurd - the south delhi village where people from the continent were attacked by mobs last week - met today for talks, before mingling for tea and coffee to ease the lingering distrust.
the free beverage didn't help much in loosening tongues but the meeting, facilitated by police at a resort near the village, ended on a cordial note.
earlier, african students had called off a planned stir on tuesday after being assured that action would be taken against the culprits who have been booked under charges that can keep them in jail for up to seven years, if convicted.
eight people, including a minor, have been arrested for the violence that the police had termed unplanned and minor scuffles.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, too, had stuck to the government's line in refusing to call an earlier attack this month racially motivated.
today, before the meeting began, nigerian student eddie king was equally categorical.
it was racism 110 per cent and india is racist, king told this paper.
king says he was lucky as he wasn't in the vicinity of baba dairy where the attack took place on the night of may 26, triggered apparently by loud music played by some africans.
racism is something we face every day.
i've stopped using the metro because people stare at you, they won't let you sit next to them.
some shops in rajpur still don't sell to us.
i walked out of the previous meeting with the police as it was more of an interrogation of us rather than listening to us as victims of racial violence.
kolo johnson, general secretary of the all india nigerian students and community association, referred to the may 21 murder of congolese student-cum-teacher masonda ketanda olivier.
whether the murder of olivier or the violence in rajpur khurd is racism or not is for the police to investigate.
many indians are racist.
racism is an everyday affair.
whenever we make even civil complaints on disputes with a landlord over refund of a rent deposit, the police will immediately start checking our passports and visas and other papers and what work we do.
this happens when we even complain of abuse or violence.
at the meeting the africans, who numbered around 120, said police officers who spoke english should be deployed in areas where africans lived.
they also said schoolchildren should be taught about africans.
raj singh rathi, village elder of rajpur, told this paper: even brothers fight in our homes.
we don't call the police, the africans did.
.
.
.
when deposits aren't returned, it's because these people destroy stuff in the homes.
we have cooperated with the police and we want the law to apply to all of us equally.
four senior police officers of south delhi, led by deputy commissioner (south) ishwar singh, asked the africans not to play loud music at night or drink in public.
their advice to the 80-odd local residents was not to take the law into your hands.
soon you will have officers who can speak in english, singh told the africans.
christian presley, a political dissident from nigeria, told the dcp: molestation of african women is a big problem.
is it because of a language barrier or is it racial?
i am confused and at the same time, i am afraid.
all i can ask of you is that, perhaps, if you focus on a cultural rather than merely an economic relationship with us, things may get better.
the police also announced a helpline number for foreign nationals: (011)87508711.
the african nationals had brought with them reggae artist taru dalmia.
i want to first understand what's happening and then do whatever i can through music to bring people together, dalmia, who had earlier hosted a music event and a party with african food in a village that had witnessed violence against africans, told this paper.
the police picked up the bill for the tea and the coffee.
new delhi, may 8: the delhi woman whose pakistani husband yesterday accused the indian high commission in that country of abducting his wife told a magistrate in islamabad today she was forced into marriage and wanted to return to india.
uzma ahmed told the magistrate that tahir, her husband, duped her into visiting him in pakistan, sexually assaulted her and then forced her to marry him at gunpoint.
she is currently at the indian high commission in islamabad.
if i go with tahir to his village, only my dead body will come back, uzma wrote in her statement submitted to the magistrate.
i do not want to go outside the high commission until i return to my home in delhi.
tahir had yesterday filed a police complaint against the indian mission, accusing it of abducting his wife.
he claimed the couple had visited the high commission to apply for visas to visit india and had been called into a section one by one.
however, he claimed, his wife never returned.
while tahir is a pakistani national, uzma is indian - according to officials from both countries - and so would not need an indian visa to travel to india.
pakistan's foreign office had late on sunday night confirmed that the indian high commission had informed it about uzma's allegations.
the indian foreign ministry said yesterday it was regularly updating uzma's family in delhi.
today, uzma's brother met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here and requested the government's help to rescue his sister at the earliest, foreign ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said.
uzma had registered her statement with the magistrate in islamabad as per local legal requirement, said baglay.
in her statement, she said she was sedated, assaulted, tortured mentally and physically, baglay said.
according to uzma's statement, she met tahir in malaysia where they were both working.
after they returned to their respective countries, tahir asked uzma to visit him in pakistan.
uzma applied - and secured - a pakistani visa from that country's mission here, and crossed over from the land port of wagah.
tahir met her at the crossing and drove her to a mountainous village - but sedated her in the car, she has claimed.
that night, tahir sexually assaulted and tortured me and threatened to kill me if i did not sign the nikah nama (the) next day, uzma's complaint says.
he show(ed) me a gun and threatened me.
new delhi, aug.
8: india looks set to reboot its military ties with the us starting with the prime ministers scheduled washington trip in september after the defence ministers today decided to renew an overarching pact and appointed executives to oversee defence technology ventures.
the prime minister underlined the importance of defence relations in the overall strategic partnership between the two countries and indicated his desire to see further progress in defence relations, including in defence manufacturing in india, technology transfer in the area of defence, exercises and higher studies in the field of defence, the prime ministers office said after us secretary of defence chuck hagel met narendra modi here this morning.
the government also announced that defence minister arun jaitley would visit the us in october.
hagel had said on his way to india that his objectives were to start early talks to renew a 10-year new framework for the india-us defence relationship pact that is due to expire in july 2015.
the agreement, which governs all aspects of the defence relationship including technology transfers, weapons sales, exercises and exchanges of personnel and training, was signed in 2005 when pranab mukherjee was defence minister.
hagel had also said he was keen to push forward a defence trade and technology initiative (dtti), agreed during manmohan singhs visit to the us as prime minister in september last year.
after the delegation-level meetings headed by jaitley and hagel, the two sides decided to take steps for the extension of the new framework for the us-india defence relationship, well before it expires in july 2015, an indian defence ministry release stated.
the two sides also named indias secretary, defence production, and the us undersecretary for acquisition, technology and licensing at the pentagon as the contact persons for the dtti.
the dtti too was agreed during a singh-obama summit but the us perception was that the indian defence establishment under a.k. antony was going slow on the 10 projects the us had proposed for co-production and co-development.
among these projects are an anti-tank guided missile, an attack helicopter, an unmanned aerial vehicle and a heavy gun.
what america has taken away from the talks, which follow visits by its secretaries of state and commerce, is likely to be evident tomorrow after a lecture that hagel is slated to deliver at a meeting organised by the observer research foundation, a reliance industries-sponsored think tank.
a us defence department release on hagels meetings with modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj quoted the pentagon press secretary, rear admiral john kirby, who said hagel and the indian leaders had discussed the importance of continuing robust defence cooperation, particularly in terms of co-development and co-production, and through military education and training exchanges.
modis forward-looking agenda for his summit with president barack obama in the fall was part of hagels discussion with modi, kirby said.
sources in india said hagel had asked sushmaswaraj whether india would be willing to expand security cooperation in the indian ocean and pacific regions, senior officials said.
hagel, the officials said, at least twice articulated washingtons interest in increasing military exercises not just between india and the us but also including japan and possibly other pacific nations.
hagel, officials said, also probed sushmaswaraj on the modi governments position on chinas territorial disputes with japan and south korea in the east china sea and with the philippines and vietnam in the south china sea.
sushma, the officials said, iterated indias stance on those disputes  that all nations must ensure that sea trade routes are not obstructed and that the un convention on the law of the sea is adhered to, but the disputes should be resolved solely bilaterally.
china is sensitive to any move by the us and japan that it perceives as aimed at yanking india into an alliance aimed at containing beijings own strategic clout.
when japan prime minister shinzo abe proposed a quadrilateral security dialogue consisting of the us, japan, australia and india in his first term in office, china protested formally with each of these four nations.
it also objected to joint naval exercises conducted by the us, india, japan, australia and singapore in 2007.
security issues affecting the subcontinent and how they impact the us-india relationship figured in all the meetings.
jaitley said he expected more technologies to flow in after raising the fdi cap in defence.
the development of our own indigenous capabilities is a major objective that guides our present policies.
in this direction, we have taken steps to raise the fdi cap in the defence sector.
we look forward to work closely with the us in this regard, he said.
the prime minister, narendra modi, may be exuding confidence about winning the seat from varanasi hands down, but his lieutenants are not taking any chances.
the prominent face from the union cabinet, the railways minister, piyush goyal, has been camping out in varanasi for many days.
he had been micromanaging modis election while the pm went around campaigning, focused on west bengal.
goyal, a chartered accountant, is known as the unofficial treasurer of the bharatiya janata party.
opponents of the saffron party have been using the presence of goyal to allege that money power was used to garner votes for modi.
the bjp this time is striving to ensure that modi wins by a record margin in varanasi.
in fact, none other than the party boss, amit shah, is personally talking to every worker manning the polling booths.
other central ministers, including the minister for foreign affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who did not contest the polls owing to health reasons, came to varanasi to campaign.
apart from all of this, people in varanasi have said that a large contingent of managers from modis home state, gujarat, is camping out in the city to ensure that there are no loose ends.
why does modiji need to do anything in his varanasi constituency when he has so many people ready to work for his cause?
new tunethe trinamul congress seems to have changed tack as far as pitching its supremo, mamata banerjee, for the post of prime minister is concerned.
of late, insiders have been insisting that didi has seven more years as the chief minister of west bengal  two from the ongoing term as well as a whole new term starting in 2021  and is, thus, not in the race to become the prime minister of india.
this is a far cry from their refrain of the past year-and-a-half, when the party used to insist that didi was the most qualified person for the top job.
the question doing the rounds is whether this indicates an acceptance that the tmc will not be retaining the same degree of success it had in the previous lok sabha elections, and will therefore not have the numbers required to claim the post of prime minister.
about turncongress and the nationalist congress party leaders from maharashtra are confident about an astonishing somersault by the shiv sena after counting on may 23, the day when the results of the general elections are to be declared.
they say that if there were to be an opportunity to stop narendra modi from becoming the prime minister again, the shiv sena would be the first bjp ally to lay out conditions.
congress leaders feel that the sena will declare that anybody other than modi or amit shah will be welcome to head the government.
even leaders from the rashtriya janata dal suspect that there might be a similar somersault in bihar from the chief minister, nitish kumar.
they also say that kumar will fall meekly in line only if modis claim to the top job comes as a fait accompli dictated by the results.
but if an opening for bargaining is created by a hung verdict, then kumar, too, will publicly declare his inability to support modi for the post of prime minister.
even the rjd leader, tejashwi yadav, has tweeted a couple of times about the possibility of a turnaround by kumar after the results are announced.
while opposition leaders are enjoying these wild speculations, as they are convinced that the saffron party will not get a majority on its own, all this talk will disappear into thin air if the bjps tally crosses the 250-seat mark.
incomplete picturethe space on social media holds out great scope for distorting facts and spreading falsehoods.
trolls and party minions do so regularly.
but when the top leadership of a party falls for fake or edited videos or morphed pictures, it is a cause for concern.
this week, the former madhya pradesh chief minister from the bjp, shivraj singh chouhan, tweeted a video in which rahul gandhi is heard saying, madhya pradesh ke chief minister bhupesh baghelji, chhattisgarh ke chief minister hukum singh karadaji.
.
.
.
chouhan ridiculed rahul for the unbridled power that allows him to change chief ministers without a fuss.
other bjp leaders, including smriti irani, lapped it up.
the congress immediately posted the uncut video, in which the speech went like this: kamal nathji, madhya pradesh ke chief minister, bhupesh baghelji, chhattisgarh ke chief minister, hukum singh karadaji.
.
.
.
the video was very cleverly edited to remove the mention of nath; moreover, punctuation and pauses often mean little in visuals.
several such edited videos have been in circulation, used to deepen the perception that rahul is a pappu.
even the pm and the bjp chief have referred to these videos to make fun of him.
a few days ago, irani launched a vicious attack on priyanka gandhi on the basis of an edited video which created a false impression that the congress general-secretary was instigating children to abuse the pm.
even though the falsehood was exposed, irani chose not to express regret.
karnataka minister for rural development and panchayati raj, krishna byre gowda, who is known for his love for nature and fitness, offers visitors fruit for snacks, especially his favourite fruit, papaya (shutterstock)footnotethe karnataka minister for rural development and panchayati raj, krishna byre gowda, is known for his love for nature and physical fitness.
people visiting him are offered a bowl of cut fruits, especially his favourite papaya, and water.
a minister who carries his own water flask and loves cycling is unlike other betel-chewing politicians.
when he was the agriculture minister in the congress government headed by pc siddaramaiah, kbg, as he is called, introduced  rather reintroduced  the millet culture by holding a fair in bangalore.
he even tried to inculcate the habit of cycling during the lok sabha poll campaign for the bangalore north seat, where he took on dv sadananda gowda.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
ptithe government has convened an all-party meeting on tuesday evening where external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will brief the leaders of opposition parties on the pre-dawn airstrike by the indian air force against jaish-e-mohammad's terror camps in pakistan, sources said.
they said the meeting has been convened at 5pm at jawahar bhawan, which houses the ministry of external affairs.
leaders of various parties are expected to participate.
india bombed and destroyed jaishs biggest training camp in pakistan early on tuesday, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders, officials said.
giving details of the operation at a news conference in new delhi, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said the jaish was planning to carry out other suicide attacks in india after the pulwama bombing on a crpf convoy 12 days ago that killed 40 jawans.
credible intelligence was received that jem was attempting another suicide terror attack in various parts of the country, and the fidayeen jihadis were being trained for this purpose.
in the face of imminent danger, a preemptive strike became absolutely necessary, he said.
babul supriyo (left) and rahul sinha at the birbhum rally.
picture by indrajit roybolpur, july 16: the bjp today named the stage of its first major rally since the lok sabha polls in birbhum after martyr sheikh rahim, party sources dubbing the move an attempt to reach out to the minority community.
according to sources, around 15,000 people attended the meeting, the figure almost matching the turnout at mamata banerjees rally at the same venue on july 10.
around 30 per cent to 40 per cent of the people who attended the rally today belonged to the minority community, a bjp source said.
the stage, which was named sheikh rahim mancha, had the slain bjp workers family seated on it along with party state president rahul sinha and mp babul supriyo.
rahims widow hazera biwi, daughters shamina khatun and amina biwi and niece zinnat biwi were introduced as the shahid parivar (martyrs family).
sheikh rahim is our first martyr.
he is not just a martyr of the bjp but of bengal.
we will always stand by his family, sinha said.
a senior bjp leader said the political situation in bengal had changed.
rahim lost his life because he was our supporter.
our central leaders visited his family.
todays rally gave us the opportunity to reach out to the minorities in bengal, he added.
the bjps efforts to reach out to the minority community in birbhum, a district that has 30 per cent muslims, coincided with the partys attempts to emerge as the principal opposition in bengal riding on the back of an improved performance in the lok sabha polls.
our message is clear, the bjp leader said.
later in the day, sinha issued a statement condemning the promotion of gyanwant singh as dig, murshidabad.
the ips officer had been removed as deputy commissioner (headquarters) of calcutta police in connection with the 2007 rizwanur rahman case.
bjp leaders today dubbed the birbhum rally the biggest ever in the district.
the chief minister must have been told about the turnout, sinha said in bolpur.
asked about the turnout, birbhum trinamul president anubrata mondal said: shob jani (i know everything).
a gathering of 6,000-7,000 people can hardly be called a rally.
mamatadis programme was attended by 2.
5 lakh people.
iraq pleathe wives of two masons feared kidnapped in iraq today met bjp leader samik bhattacharya and sought his help in locating them.
bhattacharya said he had forwarded the requests to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
party pooper mamata banerjee isnt the only problem that the beleaguered communist party of india (marxist) is having to contend with.
gurudas dasgupta and his party, the communist party of india, are proving to be equally troublesome.
in the wake of the wikileaks expos, sitaram yechury of the cpi(m) wanted to organize a press conference.
but the moment dasgupta learnt of it, he mobilized some third front leaders and pushed for a joint press conference.
poor yechury could do nothing but yield to the forceful request.
but that was not all.
apparently, later in the day, a television channel invited yechury for a sound bite, but dasgupta gatecrashed the studio and began to air his own views.
worse, he seemed to be in no hurry to let go of the mike, even as yechury fumed and fretted for 10 whole minutes.
then again, when the banking regulation act came up for discussion, the cpi(m)s basudeb acharya, who was on his way to parliament from the airport, called up dasgupta and requested him to oppose the legislation.
the latter ended up ignoring acharyas request altogether.
when acharya confronted him, dasgupta retorted that since he did not understand the technical aspects of the act, he thought it would be prudent not to oppose it.
whatever they may be, our comrades, it seems, are not exactly brothers in arms.
sudden shift here is something more on the wikileaks debate.
the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj, who led the charge against the prime minister, met an unexpected hurdle on the way.
it was none other than the secretary-general, tk viswanathan.
while castigating the pm for his attempts to blame others for non-performance, swaraj tried to make eye-contact with him.
but viswanathan, who sat in between the two adversaries, blocked swarajs line of vision.
an exasperated swaraj requested the speaker to change viswanathans position.
as a result, the secretary-general was asked to lean backwards even as swaraj resumed her attack.
picture this we all know that mamata banerjee often draws sketches to amuse herself (and others) when parliament is in session.
now didi has company in vasanthi stanley of the dravida munnetra kazhagam.
stanley is often found using her pen to sketch fellow politicians in the middle of a speech.
not just that, her doodles are accompanied by incisive notes that get passed along with the pictures, all in good humour.
is there a lesson here for all those dour leaders to see the lighter side of their lives?
best option call this the rahul gandhi effect.
over 100,000 youngsters, who wanted to enroll themselves as youth congress members in madhya pradesh, decided to leave the age column blank while filling up their membership forms.
while team rahul was left displeased, a few congress old-timers could not help but smile at this wilful omission.
they were reminded of the fact that since the days of sanjay gandhi, when the youth congress transformed itself into a potent force, its members have been rather economical with the truth when it came to disclosing their real age.
so much so that a few young grandfathers have been known to make the cut, despite the fact that the upper age limit is not more than 35 years.
but rahuls call for probity in public life seems to have brought about a change in the attitude of the partys young guns.
instead of blatantly lying about their age, they decided to take recourse to the next best option: they left that tricky column empty.
come together it should not come as a surprise that many of indias politicians dislike cricket.
this is only because the game has the capacity to eclipse every other thing in india, including colourful politicians.
but their fear of cricket has now been replaced by a dread for pilots.
the recent disclosure that there are many pilots flying aircraft with the help of dubious degrees and lacking in proper training and knowledge has made politicians  especially those who will be expected to campaign in small aircraft and choppers in the five poll-bound states  extremely nervous.
however, like cricket, fear can be a great unifier.
the prospect of fake pilots have forced the bharatiya janata party and the congress to informally check the credentials of pilots before signing up for their services.
the redeeming feature of this whole affair is that the bjp and the congress have agreed to share the reference list liberally in spite of their political differences.
the pilots, despite their mischief, seem to have bridged the great divide.
footnotelucky house mausam noor, member of parliament from malda, dropped in at pranab mukherjees house the other day.
she carried with her a scroll that included the names of 30 youth congress candidates to be included in the official list of contestants for the coming polls in west bengal.
work done, the young congresswoman sat chatting with the veteran leader about many things, including the allotment of the premises at delhis 80 south avenue to her.
pranabda got very excited on hearing this fact.
he told her that this, in all probability, meant that she would soon start climbing the partys pecking order.
the reason?
pranabda too had been allotted the same house when he had come to delhi first, and look where he has reached now.
we will have to wait and see how high noor climbs, now that she has luck on her side.
new delhi, march 3: sushmaswaraj swaraj was candid when she listed dos and donts that she said bjp leaders and cadres must implement if the party was to have a serious shot at power in 2014.
unity and pro-activism was the mantra for success, the lok sabha opposition leader said, quoting her colleague ananth kumar.
and no sabotaging of party candidates chances, she warned.
speaking on the political resolution adopted by the party national council today, she said that while people were awaiting liberation from the upa government, the bjp faced a big challenge that it must confront and accept.
this is where a worker is put to the test and judged for how committed he is to the organisation.
if he passes the test, his claim can be genuinely considered in the future, she said.
she urged the delegates to resist the temptation to scupper party candidates prospects.
some feel that this candidate will win and treat the constituency like a borough; so why not finish him off by sabotaging his prospects straightaway?
the point is that even if a single brick is taken out of a strong structure, it eventually crumbles.
unity is important.
sushma added that pro-activism came into play in two matters: helping create a favourable atmosphere for the party and poll management.
she cited her own experience to illustrate that creating the right atmosphere alone isnt always enough.
when i fought a lok sabha election in bellary (against sonia gandhi in 1999), i had only 14 days.
a newspaper did a survey that showed that 45 per cent of the voters wanted me.
bellary was a congress stronghold.
i lost by 56,000 votes because we did not have booth managers.
among the talking points tentatively mentioned in the political resolution were the upas scams, security, terrorism and price rise.
hindutva was ignored apart from a stand against demolishing the ram setu at rameswaram.
jayalalithaa, naveen patnaik may 14: jayalalithaa is learnt to be sizing up two options, of joining the nda or backing a third front if the bjp-led combine falls short, while naveen patnaik fanned speculation about his plans by saying the wait would be over soon.
although the aiadmk boss and tamil nadu chief minister has declared she would announce her decision only after fridays election results, party insiders suggested she was weighing the two possibilities.
the first scenario is that the nda attains the majority mark of 272 seats  but gets less than 300  and wants to expand its base by roping in new allies like the aiadmk and naveens biju janata dal (bjd).
in such a case, jayalalithaa would consider the alliance but only after an invite from narendra modi.
she would want the invitation followed up by a senior bjp emissary calling on her and explaining the terms of engagement.
(bjp president) rajnath singh had personally announced the alliance with the bjps tamil nadu allies in march.
she would expect similar protocol.
this will be a message to the bjp that she expected a pride of place in the nda, said a senior aiadmk minister.
other aiadmk leaders recalled that when modi was sworn in as gujarat chief minister in december 2012 for the fourth time, jayalalithaa was seated ahead of bjp bigwigs like l.k. advani, nitin gadkari and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
another issue would be portfolios.
jayalalithaa would like to have more than the dmk did in 2004 in upa-i  four cabinet and as many junior ministers  and would insist on representation in proportion to her mps, the insiders said.
her campaign theme this time had been winning all of the states 39 lok sabha seats and the lone puducherry seat so the aiadmk could get a decisive role at the centre.
since most exit polls suggest vijayakanths dmdk will draw a blank, the aiadmk could be spared the embarrassment of rubbing shoulders with its bitter rival.
but jayalalithaa would not mind if the mdmk and pmk nominees find a place in the central ministry as they had been part of the nda in 1998.
if the bjp and its allies fail to win even one seat, her position will become stronger, said a state bjp leader.
an nda just below the 272 mark, and dependent on the aiadmk for survival, would increase her bargaining power, he added.
the second scenario would emerge only if the nda falls well below the 250-mark, which could throw up the possibility of a third front government backed by the congress.
mamata banerjee and naveen patnaik have already promised jayalalithaa support as a prime ministerial candidate.
the only stumbling block would be the left  whether the communists will support such an arrangement, forgetting the manner in which jayalalithaa ditched them, and back a government in which rival trinamul is a constituent, the senior aiadmk minister said.
if the third front option runs into internal contradictions and instability, jayalalithaas choice would be the nda as greater stability and her good equations with modi would help her secure central funds and projects for tamil nadu, an aiadmk mp said.
given that our next test would be the 2016 assembly election, being a powerful partner in a central government would come in handy for us, the mp added.
in bhubaneswar, a similar guessing game swirled around naveen after the odisha chief minister played down a bjd colleagues remarks that the party could back the nda.
no such decision has been taken.
there is no thought of any alliance at the moment.
there have been no talks, the chief minister said soon after his arrival from a five-day delhi trip.
some other bjd leaders are also said to be in favour of joining the nda.
but naveen said there are no such thoughts.
our policy has been equal distance from the congress and the bjp.
asked when the bjd would make its stand clear on alliances, naveen, who had broken off with the bjp in 2009, said: you dont have to wait long.
odisha had lok sabha and assembly polls.
most exit polls indicate the bjd would retain its sway, but its erstwhile ally, the bjp, would make major gains and may well replace the congress as the main opposition.
june 21: rebel bjp leader gopinath munde was being persuaded tonight by senior colleagues sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajnath singh not to quit the party, the duos dash prompted by speculation he could join the congress.
munde is expected to meet other senior bjp leaders, minus party president nitin gadkari who is said to have repeatedly snubbed him, tomorrow.
we are hopeful of a resolution, a source said.
sushma and rajnath, the sources said, were convinced that gadkari was out to dislodge munde, his long-time bete noire.
sushma, more than rajnath, has also been smarting from gadkaris snubs to her.
there were rumours that munde, who flew into delhi late this evening, had travelled on a special plane with mahrashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan and could meet sonia gandhi tonight or tomorrow.
however, a maharashtra congress source scotched the buzz saying: munde is confused at the moment.
he has to make up his mind before we move forward.
earlier in the day, munde said in mumbai: i am still in the bjp and i am speaking to you as a bjp leader.
he claimed he wasnt invited to this mornings meeting of party mps and legislators in mumbai, called by the state unit to pass a resolution that the party was united.
the meeting, though, lasted barely five minutes, cut short after mlas loyal to munde demanded they be allowed to speak, sources said.
the bjps deputy leader in the lok sabha accused party colleagues of spreading rumours that he had demanded to be made maharashtra leader of opposition and state party chief.
(eknath) khadse is a capable leader of opposition and he should continue in the post.
i have serious reservations about such people from my own party who are spreading these rumours.
similarly, i have never asked that i be made the maharashtra in-charge.
munde had returned only yesterday from delhi where he reportedly met congress general secretary in charge of maharashtra mohan prakash.
jan.
21: pakistan today released an indian soldier who had crossed into its territory within hours of the indian army's september surgical strike in a gesture officials here said appeared timed to portray islamabad as responsible before a new regime in washington.
the pakistan army and foreign office, in separate statements, said chandu babulal chohan had crossed the line of control in an act of desertion following grievances against his superiors in the indian army.
india has insisted till now that chohan had crossed over inadvertently and the foreign office here had not contested pakistan's claim till late evening.
but pakistan emphasised it had persuaded chohan to return to india and address his grievances through formal mechanisms, almost echoing the indian army chief who has criticised soldiers who have turned to social media to air frustrations.
the release, at the wagah border at 2:30 this afternoon, came less than a day after donald trump was sworn in as america's 45th president with little clarity in both new delhi and islamabad over his administration's south asia policy.
traditionally, pakistan has sought america's formal intervention in the resolution of the kashmir dispute, while india has insisted that all disputes between the neighbours must be resolved by them alone, bilaterally.
but both india and pakistan have for long also sought washington's pressure on the other, by portraying themselves as more responsible than the other.
as a gesture of goodwill and in continuation of our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility (sic) along line of control and working boundary, sepoy chandu babulal chohan has been convinced to return to his own country, pakistan's inter-services press relations, the army spokesperson's office, said in a statement today.
both countries have made gestures, since trump's november 8 election, to try and portray themselves as more mature than the other.
pakistan sent its top diplomat - prime minister nawaz sharif's foreign policy adviser sartaj aziz - to amritsar for a meeting on afghanistan's future, though india had boycotted the south asian association for regional cooperation summit in islamabad.
last month sharif and aziz had both sent messages to ailing indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wishing her a speedy recovery, while prime minister narendra modi had wished his pakistan counterpart on his birthday on december 25.
last week, junior defence minister subhash bhambre had told reporters that pakistan had signalled it would soon release chohan.
it did so today - with a touch of solidarity, but also a barb.
india and pakistan had bitterly argued over their description of operations on the night of september 28-29 last year along their de facto border.
india called the operations a surgical strike aimed at launch pads from which pakistan-based terrorists were about to attack india.
pakistan insisted the indian army had merely carried out heavy cross-border bombardment, and had taken foreign journalists to border areas where the surgical strike was believed to have taken place, to try and buttress its argument.
but neither india nor pakistan has officially ever linked chohan crossing over to the surgical strike despite the timing and the fact that the soldier was posted with the 37 rashtriya rifles, close to the strip along the loc where the indian strike occurred.
for pakistan, any link would have been tantamount to accepting that indian soldiers had crossed into its territory for a surgical strike.
for india, the link would have meant acknowledging a botch-up in implementing its cross-border strike.
today, pakistan continued abstaining from any link between chohan and the surgical strike.
but by asserting that chohan had deserted the indian army - the pakistan army statement referred to grievances of maltreatment against his commanders - pakistan also hit at a recent series of embarrassing allegations indian security forces have faced.
d purandeshwari (top), sushmaswaraj swaraj new delhi, march 7: the bjp appears set to firm up its merger with the bsr congress in karnataka, headed by a scam-stung leader, despite the objections raised by lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
sushma and l.k. advani reiterated their reservations to party president rajnath singh when they met him today.
karnataka bjp leaders stressed they very much want the merger to be formalised at the earliest and said some of them would be in the national capital tomorrow to speak to sushmaswaraj and try and convince her.
bjp sources said the leaders were going through the same rituals of speaking over and over again with sushmaswaraj , as they had when she and advani had put their foot down on b.s. yeddyurappas re-entry.
if she remained unmoved, they would go ahead and announce the merger.
underlying the strategy to rope in ostensibly marginal players like the bsr congress is the view that although several states may be awash in the modi wave, the bjp would have to focus on each and every lok sabha seat to maximise its returns from the supposed wave.
it is a tight situation.
more than anyone else, modi realised that this wave cannot be taken for granted, the elections are not going to be a cakewalk for him.
to him, the crucial figure to be achieved is 200 and above.
if the bjp is the single largest party but stuck at 170 or 180, then the field becomes wide open for a joust to claim the leadership sweepstakes.
sushma is waiting in the wings, rajnath fancies himself as a liberal and accommodating leader in the vajpayee mould while advani has not ruled himself out.
modis safety net is something like 220, a figure vajpayee never dreamt of at the height of his popularity, a source said.
therefore, closer to the polls, modi and the bjp have changed tack and embarked on two tactics: stitching alliances with smaller parties with a vote share not to be sniffed at and cherry-picking candidates from other parties who left in search of greener pastures or to be rewarded with tickets.
apart from the bsr congress and the lok janshakti party, the bjp is negotiating with the dmdk, pmk and the mdmk in tamil nadu, the tdp in andhra pradesh and the apna dal in uttar pradesh.
it has or is roping in winnable deserters from other parties like d. purandeshwari and jagdambika pal of the congress.
in many places, the bjp is facing a candidates crunch.
sunil patnaikmp siddhant mahapatra inaugurates the seva kendra in berhampur on monday.
picture by gopal krishna reddyberhampur: local mp siddhant mahapatra on monday inaugurated a passport seva kendra on the premises of head post office here.
earlier, people of ganjam and gajapati districts used to depend on the passport office in bhubaneswar.
with launching of the berhampur centre, they won't have to travel such a long distance to get the service.
i must thank the postal department for the help and co-operation to open the passport centre here, mahapatra said.
berhampur regional passport officer digvijay giri said: the new facility would save time and travel cost of the local people.
after submission of the application, the kendra, which will become operational from tomorrow, would ensure that an applicant need not travel to bhubneswar for the purpose.
we have trained two postal department employees, who would process the applications.
however, the bhubaneswar office will do the scanning, printing and lamination of the passports.
we will provide the passport to the people within one month subject to certificate verification.
one can get his or her passport three days after the police verification, giri said.
the businessmen, corporate executives, students, overseas job-seekers, tourists and pilgrims from ganjam and gajapati districts and its neighbourhood areas would benefit from the kendra.
all the troubles faced by them in getting passport related services earlier would now be removed at the local level, he said.
the external affairs ministry and the department of posts had last year announced their decision to utilise the head post offices in the various states as the post office passport seva kendras for delivering passport related services to the people.
the partnership aims to extend passport services on a larger scale and ensure wider area coverage, sources said.
the berhampur centre was thrown open in the second phase of the scheme after union petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan had requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in this regard in june last year, said ganjam unit bjp president kanhu charan pati.
our bureaunew delhi: india has tried to cautiously address dhaka's concerns on the rohingya crisis as bangladesh continues to spread thin its limited resources in dealing with the inflow from the adjoining rakhine state in myanmar.
i may add that india is deeply concerned at the spate of violence in rakhine state.
.
.
.
we have urged that the situation be handled with restraint, keeping in mind the welfare of the population, swaraj added.
her comments appeared to have evoked mixed reactions in dhaka.
a western envoy based in the bangladesh capital said the diplomatic community would have preferred a stronger condemnation of the myanmar crackdown and a specific reference to rohingya, rather than displaced persons from rakhine state.
rohingya is a contentious word in myanmar that labels them as bengalis, implying that they are immigrants from bangladesh.
but abdur rashid, a retired major general and a security analyst in dhaka, said: her call for repatriation of myanmar refugees from bangladesh has been seen as a new ray of hope.
bangladesh expects proactive engagement by india in solving the refugee crisis once for all.
prolonged stay of the refugees would have detrimental impact not only on bangladesh but also cause instability in india and myanmar equally.
hasina's press secretary ihsanul karim quoted swaraj as saying myanmar must take back their nationals.
.
.
this is a big burden for bangladesh.
how long will bangladesh bear it?
there should be a permanent solution to this crisis.
swaraj is also quoted as indicating that it was not right to paint an entire community with the same brush.
new delhi, aug.
27: the bjp has accused the congress of funnelling mota maal from the allocation of coal blocks to private companies during the upa regime, happy to have found a phrase it believes will be a hit with its cadres.
i allege, with the responsibility vested in the office that i hold, that the congress has siphoned off mota maal (large amounts of cash) from these allotments.
the congress is as culpable as the government.
arun jaitley, her counterpart in the rajya sabha who also addressed the news conference, clarified that the bjp meant no personal disrespect to the prime minister or any congress leader in its choice of words.
we used it to highlight the monumental corruption this scam involves, he said.
mota maal is meant for the cadres consumption, a bjp source said.
it encapsulates the avarice and amorality of the upa scams in a more catchy way than the amounts involved.
but the congress ripped the slogan, with party spokesperson manish tewari saying the bjp might be speaking from experience as mota maal-chhota maal has been part of their culture.
the reference was to the bjps former president bangaru laxman who is in jail for accepting a small bribe of rs 1 lakh in a fictitious arms deal case.
top ministers also held an unscheduled media briefing to rebut sushmas charge that the coal blocks were allocated for monetary considerations.
soon after the prime minister made his statement, sushmaswaraj had ranted: the pm today said that had he deferred the allocation of the coal blocks, the countrys energy supply would have been hit.
if this was the situation, can he claim that the country has adequate electricity?
has the allocation sent up the gdp?
has it enhanced the countrys revenue?
if indeed it has generated big bucks, then those bucks have gone straight into the congresss war chest.
the bjp was not only unrelenting in its clamour for the prime ministers resignation, but also demanded the cancellation of the 142 coal blocks allotted by the upa between 2005 and 2012 and a fresh allocation through a fair and transparent bidding procedure.
jaitley decried the prime ministers attack on the cag, a constitutional authority, and said: the upa tried to subvert constitutional authority.
when it did not succeed, it attacked the authority.
this amounts to defiance of ethics in governance and polity.
asked about the bjps failure to draw parties outside the nda to its campaign on the coal allocations and the occasional dissenting views expressed within the nda against disruption of parliament, jaitley said: the bjp will fight the battle alone if it comes to that.
we stand tall in our majestic isolation.
chhattisgarh chief minister raman singh in an official release said he should not be held responsible for the delay in implementing the auction policy.
raman claimed he had proposed that the centre should, before the policy took off, adequately allocate coal blocks to state mining corporations and to ongoing power projects so that their supplies were not curtailed.
the chief minister had also asked for sharing of revenues generated by competitive bidding fairly between the centre and the state governments concerned.
he said these suggestions were conveyed to the prime minister in a letter dated june 28, 2005.
however, he was silent on the centres charge that his government, like several other opposition-ruled governments, had opposed the auction policy.
new delhi.
dec.
17: bangladesh president abdul hamid will land here tomorrow for a six-day trip during which he will travel to calcutta but is not scheduled to meet bengal chief minister mamata banerjee, whose government dhaka blames for allowing cross-border funding of terror.
hamid, the first bangladeshi president to visit india since abu sayeed chawdhary in 1972, is flying here at a time the narendra modi government is nudging parliament to adopt a key pact new delhi has long promised dhaka.
but the bangladesh president, who will spend monday and tuesday in calcutta with a brief trip to santiniketan in between, is - as of now - not expected to meet mamata, senior indian and bangladesh officials independently confirmed.
there is no proposal for the president to meet the bengal chief minister, a bangladeshi diplomat aware of hamid's schedule told the telegraph.
the president's schedule has been drawn up and finalised in consultation with the indian government.
hamid's visit, a reciprocal trip almost two years after president pranab mukherjee flew to dhaka in january 2013, reflects a fresh belief in bangladesh that india under the modi government may finally deliver on key promises new delhi has so far reneged on.
a land boundary agreement to swap enclaves of land left over as warts from the partition in 1947 was finalised when modi's predecessor manmohan singh had travelled to dhaka in 2011.
but opposition from sections within the bjp and from mamata's trinamul congress had since prevented the indian government from pushing through a constitutional amendment needed to ratify the pact.
over the past month, trinamul has indicated it will withdraw its opposition to the pact if a set of conditions are met, a reversal in its position that allowed a parliament standing committee to recommend that the house approve the agreement.
the modi government plans to try and press parliament to adopt the constitutional amendment in the coming budget session.
had it not been for the significant forward movement on the land agreement, i don't think we would have seen the president of bangladesh coming to india right now, an indian official said.
it's definitely a gesture, one which is really good for our bilateral ties.
but hamid's visit does not appear to represent any thaw in the taut ties between the bengal government and the sheikh hasina regime in dhaka.
in delhi, hamid will stay at rashtrapati bhavan as mukherjee's guest and will on friday meet modi, vice-president hamid ansari, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and leader of opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad.
but after spending saturday in agra - visiting the taj mahal, agra fort and fatehpur sikri - and sunday in jaipur and ajmer, hamid will fly to calcutta on monday morning.
the bangladesh president is scheduled to meet bengal governor kesari nath tripathi on monday afternoon and will drive to santiniketan on tuesday before flying back to dhaka later that day.
hamid's schedule in calcutta leaves open enough time slots when mamata can visit him.
but officials at the external affairs ministry, which coordinates all meetings for visiting dignitaries, said the bengal government had not proposed a meeting yet.
that's the only reason they're not scheduled to meet, an official said.
the mamata government's relations with bangladesh -already rocky because of trinamul's opposition to the land pact and the teesta water accord - have strained further over the past two months after the october 2 blast in burdwan.
money from the saradha scam, dhaka is convinced, has been used to support terror groups in bangladesh targeting the hasina government.
bangladeshi foreign minister abul hassan mahmood ali has handed to national security adviser ajit doval details of suspected cross-border linkages between terror groups in bangladesh and supporters in bengal.
the mamata government has, however, denied any link between the saradha scam and the burdwan blast.
safe hands: pm modi told a rally in rajasthan on tuesday: today is a day to pay homage to indias bravehearts.
today, from the land of churu, i want to assure the people of the country that the country is in safe hands.
he did not make any direct reference to the strikes.
(pti)india has said it carried out pre-emptive strikes on the biggest training camp of the jaish-e-mohammed at balakot in pakistan on tuesday morning and backed up the operation immediately with a diplomatic outreach aimed at de-escalation after islamabad resolved to respond at a time and place of pakistans choosing.
india officially described the operation as non-military and intelligence-led, and the readout made no mention of an air strike, the involvement of the indian air force or crossing the line of control in the raid that took place 12 days after the pulwama massacre and in the run-up to the general election.
but sources said mirage 2000 fighters were involved, which would mean it was the first indian air force operation inside pakistan since the 1971 war.
the purported strike site, balakot  around 50km from the frontier and 60km north of abbottabad where osama bin laden was killed  suggests that it was the deepest cross-border raid launched by india since 1971.
indian sources said around 350 terrorists and their trainers were killed in the raid, a claim that was rejected by pakistan.
one of the few points on which the two sides agreed, either on record or off the record, was that indian air power did enter pakistan territory.
international media initially expressed fears of an escalation, especially after pakistan prime minister imran khan scheduled on wednesday a meeting of the national command authority, which manages the nuclear arms there.
subsequently, several reputable publications felt that the differing positions (new delhi claiming heavy losses for pakistan and islamabad insisting it suffered little damage) might offer room for de-escalation unless hotheads on both sides dominate the decision-making.
domestic pressure is at play in pakistan, too.
as in the case of the us operation in abbottabad that took out bin laden in 2011, the pakistan armed forces has come under attack internally for not bringing down the indian fighters.
pakistan was quick to claim that this was not the case, and it was because the pakistani jets scrambled and fired that the indian fighters left pakistani airspace within a few minutes.
through the day, the indian foreign secretary and other secretaries in the external affairs ministry reached out to the heads of diplomatic missions to maintain that the strike was an act of self-defence, it was led by the intelligence apparatus, not the military, and india had no intention of escalating tensions with pakistan.
india is understood to have told the diplomats that they should work on islamabad to ensure against an escalation.
both sides exchanged fire along the loc on tuesday night with india saying it destroyed five pakistani posts.
pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi spoke to us secretary of state mike pompeo and other foreign diplomats during the day.
indian sources said 12 mirage 2000 fighters were used in the operation  some as decoy to confuse the pakistani fighters and allow space to the core team targeting the camp to proceed towards khyber pakhtunkhwa  and the fighters spent eight minutes in pakistani airspace from 3.
45am to 3.
53am.
local eyewitnesses said they heard the blasts around 3am.
in the only indian official statement on the operation, foreign secretary vijay gokhale said: credible intelligence was received that jem was attempting another suicide terror attack in various parts of the country, and the fidayeen jihadis were being trained for this purpose.
in the face of imminent danger, a pre-emptive strike became absolutely necessary.
in an intelligence-led operation in the early hours of today, india struck the biggest training camp of jem in balakot.
gokhale added: in this operation, a very large number of jem terrorists, trainers, senior commanders and groups of jihadis who were being trained for fidayeen action were eliminated.
this facility at balakot was headed by maulana yousuf azhar (alias ustad ghouri) the brother-in-law of jem chief masood azhar.
gokhale did not provide the number of casualties but sources claimed that 325 fidayeen (suicide) terrorists and 25 commanders had been taken out in the aerial strike on the jaish training camp.
gokhale said: the government of india is firmly and resolutely committed to taking all necessary measures to fight the menace of terrorism.
hence this non-military pre-emptive action was specifically targeted at the jem camp.
the selection of the target was also conditioned by our desire to avoid civilian casualties.
the facility is located in thick forest on a hilltop far away from any civilian presence.
he underscored that the jaish was an organisation proscribed by the un and, therefore, a threat not only to india but also the world.
the government reminded pakistan of the solemn commitment made in january 2004 by then president pervez musharraf that the neighbour would not allow pakistani soil or territory under its control to be used for terrorism against india.
new delhi listed earlier attacks by the jaish on india  on parliament and the pathankot airbase  and pointed out that pakistan had remained in denial of the outfits camps on its soil despite evidence provided by new delhi.
that indian aircraft had entered pakistani airspace was first announced to the world by pakistans director-general of the inter services public relations, maj.
gen.
asif ghafoor.
indian air force violated line of control.
pakistan air force immediately scrambled.
indian aircrafts gone back.
details to follow, he tweeted shortly after 7am.
later, he tweeted: indian aircrafts intruded from muzaffarabad sector.
facing timely and effective response from pakistan air force released payload in haste while escaping which fell near balakot.
no casualties or damage.
since there is a balakote village in the poonch sector through which the line of control passes, there was confusion in the morning about the location of the strike.
indian sources said it was the one near the kaghan valley in manshera district of khyber pakhtunkhwa (formerly the north-west frontier province).
bangladesh high commissioner in india tariq a. karim in guwahati on wednesday guwahati, sept.
24: bangladesh high commissioner in india tariq a. karim today said ratification of the india-bangladesh land boundary agreement would help solve the problem of illegal migration and boost bilateral ties between the two countries.
during an interaction with the members of the federation of indian chambers of commerce and industrys (ficci) north east advisory council here today, karim said ratification of the land boundary agreement is in indias own interest.
the congress-led upa government had failed to pass the amendment bill to implement the land boundary agreement because of objection raised by several opposition parties, including the agp and the trinamul congress.
for practical reasons i am optimistic that the agreement will be ratified by the indian parliament, karim said.
after discussion in the parliamentary committee, the bill will be first placed in the rajya sabha and then the lok sabha for voting.
but the fate of the bill depends on the committees decision.
in september 2011, the protocol to implement the 1974 land boundary agreement was signed during the dhaka visit of then prime minister manmohan singh.
karim said the ratification of the agreement would see better demarcation of the border between the two countries.
according to him, it will help arrive at a system that will allow people to cross over the border legally and thereby end the problem of illegal migration.
illegal migration is a fact of life worldwide.
even the best-defined boundary between the us and mexico cannot control migration, he said.
there has been, however, stiff opposition to the agreement  which paves the way for exchange of enclaves between the two countries  by several political and apolitical organisations in assam.
they are against ceding even an inch of land to bangladesh.
the state unit of the bjp had vehemently opposed the agreement.
during todays interaction, karim said he had recommended opening of a deputy high commission in guwahati and upgrade its agartala visa office to that of an assistant high commission.
he said the trial run of the proposed guwahati-shillong-dhaka bus service would start next month.
the ficci members informed the high commissioner that they would organise a north east connectivity summit in november this year to help build a consensus on the need for improving connectivity.
karim called on chief minister tarun gogoi at his official residence this evening and discussed wide-ranging issues, including improving connectivity between assam and bangladesh.
a bjp supporter at a village in haryana.
picture by prem singh mahendragarh (haryana), oct.
9: larger-than-life narendra modi busts dot the highway as one enters haryana from delhi, driving past gurgaons glass-and-steel towers.
the message kendra aur rajya me ho modi sarkar (let there be a modi government at the centre and in the state).
going by the flood of modi billboards, posters and masks, some could be forgiven for thinking the prime minister has thrown his hat into the ring as a chief ministerial candidate.
the bjp has not projected a chief ministerial face.
some half-a-dozen names, including that of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who hails from the state, are in the air.
but the message is unmistakable: modi will rule haryana, no matter who becomes chief minister if the bjp unseats the congress.
the tone of the campaign suggests modi, not the bjp, will win if there is victory and vice-versa if its a defeat, with the prime minister appearing to have turned the october 15 polls into a personal battle.
i want to bring the centre and states not only paas-paas (closer) but also saath-saath (together), modi told a rally in mahendragarh yesterday.
he stressed that he wanted his government in haryana.
i want a team india where the pm and the cm work together.
if the rally mood was a pointer, it seemed modis pitch had struck a chord.
modi is doing good work at the centre.
we want a modi government in haryana too.
modiji will be in direct control, then there will be development in haryana, said kailash singh of mahendragarhs buchawas village as he returned from the rally.
modi had not campaigned in the area during the lok sabha elections, so the large turnout could be attributed partially to peoples curiosity for a glimpse of the strong leader.
but in buchawas, children donned modi masks while parents bragged about how the prime minister had made the whole world rise and fear india as a rising power under him.
modi ne bharat ka danka pure duniya mein baja diya.
amrika ho ya china, sab modi se darte hain (modi has raised indias stature in the world.
be it america or china, all are scared of modi), said mahendra kaushik.
he rejected congress leaders criticism that the modi government had not been able to check chinas intrusions in ladakh and the latest pakistani shelling that has killed civilians and sparked an exodus in jammus border areas.
the bjp candidate from mahendragarh, rambilas sharma, is a veteran in the region.
he has represented the seat thrice since 1987 and was a minister in the devi lal government.
he, however, lost the last three elections to a yadav congress candidate.
yadavs account for around 60 per cent of the voters here.
this time, sharma is banking on modi.
sharmaji is a well-known face in mahendragarh.
but we have projected him as a representative of narendra modi.
we are seeking votes in the name of modiji, said manohar lal, a local bjp leader overseeing the campaign.
sharma and his supporters realise they wont have a cakewalk, not in a state where caste loyalties count a lot, and acknowledge that it would not be easy to defeat the congress nominee, rao dan singh, a yadav.
so, it is the modi magic they are banking on.
the bjp has, however, fielded yadavs in other seats in the region and hopes to win a large number of them, even if sharma doesnt in mahendragarh.
in jorasi village, some 80km away in the mewat region where the voters are mostly muslims and jats  the dominant caste in haryana  opinion is split on modi.
while muslims are looking for an alternative to the bjp, the jats have to choose between modi and om prakash chautala, the former chief minister and indian national lok dal (inld) chief convicted in a recruitment scam.
chautala is now out on bail, granted on medical grounds.
in this village of more than 1,300 jat voters, most will vote for chautala, said hawa singh, who retired from the army.
but singh was immediately interrupted by neighbour jugbir har singh.
modi ko bhi vote milega (modi will also get votes), jugbir declared.
the ruling congress has to fight chautala and modi to be able to win enough seats in the 90-member assembly to retain power.
new delhi, july 16: the government today shied off a discussion on the west asia violence, triggering protests in the rajya sabha where the issue had been listed for debate, and forcing the foreign minister to concede that she had not been consulted.
the disruptions led to two adjournments before deputy chairman p.j. kurien wrapped up proceedings in the afternoon.
yesterday, a combined opposition had walked out of the lok sabha after the government refused to pass a resolution condemning israels attacks.
the unprecedented spurt in violence in gaza and the west bank area of palestine had been listed for discussion in the upper house but the government argued against it, saying it could affect indias diplomatic relations with both israel and palestine.
.
.
nor desirable and added that she had not been consulted before the matter was included for a short-duration discussion in the days list of business.
in my letter i have quoted the rule and said there cannot be any discourteous reference against any friendly nation.
let us wait for the chairmans decision, she said, drawing opposition protests.
the list of business is prepared by the business advisory committee that includes leaders of various parties who hold consultations with the house chairman.
this morning, junior parliamentary affairs minister prakash javadekar apparently did not object to the inclusion of the gaza violence in the final list of business.
a minister later said it was an error of judgement on the part of javadekar.
the opposition members raised the issue immediately after question hour ended at noon.
but kurien, who was chairing the session, wanted that the matters for zero hour (noon to 1pm) should be taken up.
congress leader anand sharma said the sense of the house was to discuss the gaza violence  which has already claimed over 200 lives, including children  and it should not be dropped.
his party colleague satyavrat chaturvedi said the revised list of business was the property of the house.
as the issue is in the list of business, it cannot be dropped.
trinamul leader sukhendu sekhar roy said that when an issue has been listed for discussion under rule 177 of the rules of procedure and conduct of business, the chairman is deemed to have consulted the minister concerned.
when kurien ruled that the railway budget be discussed, the protesting opposition members, mainly from the congress, rushed to the well of the house.
new delhi, dec.
4: hillary clinton, busy fighting the syrian flames from prague today, found herself teleported to the indian parliament, thanks to the trinamul congress she thought she had won over in calcutta this may.
trinamul mp saugata roy launched a vitriolic attack on the government in the lok sabha during the debate on fdi in multi-brand retail, bringing in two american fixtures that his party had once feted.
he suggested the triggers for the fdi decision had come under pressure from clinton, the us secretary of state, and a time magazine report that termed the prime minister as underachiever.
the government backed off originally to keep coalition members happy.
it ultimately acted according to the prescription given by the time magazine .
the story rattled the prime minister, roy said amid thumping of desks by bjp as well as left members.
trinamul is no stranger to being transfixed by what time says, especially about its leader mamata banerjee.
even today, bengal transport minister madan mitra said in calcutta that according to time magazine, she is in 100 (most influential persons in the world).
in the house, roy asked: i seek to ask the prime minister  why are we selling our heads for a few pieces of silver?
who is the prime minister trying to help, the us or china?
all goods will come from china and money will go to us.
roy, who began his speech by congratulating sushmaswaraj swaraj for her beautiful speech in flowery and flowing hindi, said: she (clinton) was a director on the board of wal-mart for a long time and when she was trying to become the american president in 2007-08, wal-mart executives and lobbies paid for her.
she (clinton) was obviously interested in wal-mart getting into india.
but why does the government of india have to respond to american urgings?
a quibble over the matter had clouded an otherwise picture-perfect visit of clinton to calcutta in may when mamata had switched on a charm offensive on the guest.
after the talks with clinton, mamata had insisted that retail was never mentioned (kono kotha hoyni).
but a subsequent statement from the us consulate said clinton touched on retail, prompting finance minister amit mitra to urge the american consulate-general unequivocally and strongly that the mention of investment in retail sector be avoided in your press statement.
till now, the consulate has not withdrawn the statement publicly.
roys references to clinton invited a protest from external affairs minister salman khurshid who pointed out that allegations against a foreign constitutional authority were not proper.
if i take the name of aung sang suu kyi, it would not be out of order.
we have shown her the respect that she deserves, roy replied, adding that the rules do not bar a member from referring to foreign dignitaries.
roy later mentioned clinton again and khurshid renewed his objection, prompting cpis gurudas dasgupta to back the trinamul mp.
dasgupta said: dont take the name of ms clinton.
mr khurshid is very much sensitive to that name.
roy added: mr khurshid is sensitive to two persons.
positively to ms clinton and negatively towards mr kejriwal.
more protests followed and speaker meira kumar said all objectionable comments would be removed from the records.
when speaker said discriminatory allegations cannot be levelled without a proper notice, roy asked: how do i give a notice to ms clinton?
the speaker told him that he should give the notice to the chair.
sushma, who initiated the debate, predicted doom for indias retail sector as the entry of global giants would create monopoly and wipe out competition.
she wondered if wal-mart had bribed some people in india and whether this decision too was born out of corruption.
addressing the prime minister, she said: fight for the poor, not rich.
fight for your own people, not outsiders.
i am ready to visit foreign countries with you to assure the investors that we are not against fdi but not in retail.
this will be unique experiment that the indian government and the opposition will go together to assure investors.
however, kapil sibal, the main speaker from the governments side, pointed out how the bjp opposed all reform measures and legislation that it planned to bring during its regime.
sibal cited the positive bengal experience on potato with the pepsico deal.
he also pointed out that the governments of odisha, bihar, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh were trying to attract foreign investments to help their farmers.
they are doing in their states exactly what they are opposing here, sibal said.
vote today the samajwadi party and the bsp, too, opposed the policy, indicating that abstention from voting could be their only option if they still wished to help the government.
voting on the motion under rule 184 in the lok sabha will take place tomorrow after commerce minister anand sharmas reply.
the bsp opposed the policy but contended that the party would have to consider if strengthening the communal forces was a wise step.
the government appeared to be confident that both parties would walk out during voting.
new delhi, nov.
24 (pti): senior bjp mp ram jethmalani today attacked his party for criticising the appointment of the new cbi director and said the governments decision has averted national calamity.
a day after leaders of the opposition in parliament, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, wrote to prime minister manmohan singh demanding that ranjit sinhas appointment as cbi chief be kept in abeyance, jethmalani alleged the bjps criticism of the government was instigated by a most undesirable rival of sinha.
the veteran lawyers attack on his party was lapped up by the government, with information and broadcasting minister manish tewari saying he rarely agreed with jethmalani but this was one instance when he did.
jethmalani, who only recently went public with his demand for the resignation of bjp president nitin gadkari, hailed the governments decision saying, for a change, (it) has averted national calamity.
ram vilas paswans residence in delhi.
picture by ramakant kushwaha new delhi, feb.
4: nearly 150 mps and former mps and other bigwigs have been creative with their bungalows in lutyens delhi, building rooms, toilets, sheds, badminton courts and verandas without authorisation.
the central public works department (cpwd) has admitted this in reply to an rti petition by activist s.c. agrawal.
topping the list is the bjp.
its national and delhi state headquarters together account for 1,853.
3sqm of illegal constructions, including rooms, servants quarters and prefabricated structures.
amar singh comes second at 1,398sqm.
those with more than 300sqm of unauthorised construction include ram vilas paswan, lalu prasad, mayavati, former punjab home minister m.s. bitta, the congresss deepender hooda and suresh kalmadi, and the bjps yashwant sinha, v.k. malhotra and s.s. ahluwalia.
among the others are lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, l.k. advani, nitin gadkari, sharad yadav, shibu soren, ram jethmalani, oscar fernandes and ahmed patel as well as cricketer politicians navjot sidhu and mohammad azharuddin.
the lone bengal mp on the list is sudip bandopadhyay, whose bungalow has 35sqm of unauthorised construction a room and a toilet  the cpwd says.
he claimed he had only got a partially demolished toilet repaired, and that it was 35sqft, not 35sqm.
the repairs were done under the supervision of the cpwd district executive engineer and i had to pay for it, he said.
the previous occupant of his bungalow was minister of state bharatsinh solanki.
shyam jaju, who is in charge of the bjp headquarters, claimed that all the additional constructions were temporary structures, which are permitted.
however, regular visitors to the partys offices say many permanent structures have come up there.
cpwd officials werent available for comment.
their rti reply says that all unauthorised constructions would be removed when the occupants change.
the cpwd has written routine letters to the occupants and the secretariats of their houses advising demolition.
the cpwd has itself built an unauthorised room for an assistant engineer at its north avenue office, the rti reply admits.
it lists advani as having a shed and other unauthorised structures across 55sqm.
advanis personal assistant deepak chopra texted: not a single sq mm unauthorised constructed by shri advani at 30 prithviraj road.
all construction done by cpwd.
amar singh said: the previous occupant of my house was keshubhai patel, the former gujarat chief minister.
the house was in the most dilapidated condition.
i renovated it and built an office, which the cpwd told me i wasnt supposed to.
i got all additional constructions made by me bulldozed at my own expense, except a staircase to the roof.
i installed a wooden temporary cabin with permission.
if there are still any illegal structures, they have been built before my time.
the rti reply says amar built four rooms, a temporary steel structure, a main building and an office.
paswans personal assistant said: other mps too have done it, why are you asking only about my leader?
our special correspondentnew delhi: india and china on monday agreed to not allow irritants - inevitable between neighbours that share borders - from becoming a stumbling block in the bilateral relationship that has seen several hiccups this year, including the 10-week-long doklam face-off.
this was the consensus that emerged from the first post-doklam bilateral meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of the 15th russia-india-china trilateral.
all issues were discussed was the refrain of official sources to questions on whether matters of concern to india were discussed.
the concerns included china blocking the declaration of masood azhar as a global terrorist and india's entry into the nuclear suppliers groupalthough there was no official word on whether china was open to changing its position on azhar - the head of pakistan militant group jaish-e-mohammad - the joint communique issued after the trilateral meeting said the three sides agreed to strengthen co-operation to take decisive actions against globally proscribed terrorists and terror entities.
asked whether china had brought up the issue of india participating in the efforts to resurrect the us-australia-japan-india quadrilateral to check beijing's growing influence in the indo-pacific, sources said all issues were discussed without being drawn into specifics.
however, wang's statement to the media - in the presence of sushmaswaraj and russian foreign minister sergey lavrov - made it amply clear that beijing has issues with such groups.
we oppose hegemonies and do not approve of forming cliques, wang said, adding china favoured a more open and inclusive globalisation.
still, both new delhi and beijing appear to have agreed to keep the conversation going, seeing communication as the best way forward.
sushma detailed it further by saying that to strengthen mutual trust and deeper understanding between the two sides, it will be better to meet again and without an agenda.
according to lavrov, the three countries agreed to work with each other to take a collective position on global issues and the communique reflected this.
in his statement, he picked on one issue - north korea - and stressed the need to ensure that it did not escalate from the propaganda stage to the military level.
curiously, on west asia, the statement does not make any mention of east jerusalem being the capital of the future state of palestine.
this is an issue that was split wide open recently with us president donald trump announcing that the american embassy in israel would be shifted to jerusalem.
the three countries appear to have opted for the less confrontationist position by not highlighting jerusalem, and instead committing to work for a lasting settlement of the israeli-palestinian conflict on the basis of un resolutions, the arab peace initiative and previous agreements between the two parties.
implicit in this is the russian and chinese opposition to trump's proposal, though india has been guarded in its response.
new delhi, oct.
16: a flag for nagaland, rechristening of the state assembly and a bicameral legislature among other things may still not be enough to arrive at a final solution.
given the scenario, manipur appears to hold the magic wand to resolve the over 60-year-old indo-naga political problem.
as the centre clears decks, a key factor to hastening the settlement with the nscn (i-m) is how accommodative manipur will be on granting greater autonomy to its hill districts.
this assumes significance as the centre has ruled out any territorial changes.
given this predicament, a middle path to resolve the imbroglio is an imperative.
union home minister sushil kumar shinde met manipur chief minister okram ibobi singh last week, giving him a proposal on autonomy for the hill districts.
in what seems to be setting up of a deadline, sources said ibobi singh was expected to get back to shinde on the matter in less than a fortnight.
the manipur chief minister, however, is understood to be unwell and visited mumbai for a medical check-up.
the nscn (i-m) and the united naga council (unc) have carried out parallel negotiations related to hill districts autonomy with new delhi and imphal.
both organisations concur that senapati, chandel, churachandpur, ukhrul and tamenglong have naga populations.
there is, however, a difference of opinion within manipur on which districts actually could be claimed as naga-inhabited.
there is also the problem of the sadar hills district, which the kukis claim is a separate kuki-dominated district.
this complex web of inter-ethnic tension on claim on land is said to make ibobi singhs job tough.
what the manipur chief minister does is important as he will have to hold local consultations, former union home secretary g.k. pillai said.
true, because ibobi singh will not do anything seen as a sell-out by his supporters.
pillai has not only tackled the northeast as a joint secretary in the home ministry years ago but also contributed to formulation of a solution during his tenure as home secretary.
he had predicted this year that a settlement could be reached as early as december.
there are a few caveats though to that optimism.
a delimitation exercise in nagaland has been stayed by courts making it difficult to increase the number of seats in the state.
sources said not only has the centre agreed to a bicameral legislature with a legislative council with 20 mlcs but was also faced with the demand for increase of lok sabha seats to two and add another rajya sabha seat from the state.
nagaland chief minister neiphiu rio and 18 other mlas called on bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, appealing to her to support a constitutional amendment that any settlement with the nscn (i-m) will necessitate.
the delegation met ncp president sharad pawar and jdu mp sharad yadav yesterday.
rio said the delegation had given a commitment for an alternative arrangement.
if there is a solution there will be alternative arrangement, if not there will be elections, he said.
rio and his colleagues posed for a photograph with interlocutor r.s. pandey, who was holed up with the mlas for over an hour at nagaland house today.
arnab gangulysushma swaraj.
(pti)chandigarh: the families of the indian hostages killed in iraq have threatened an indefinite dharna at new delhi's jantar mantar from monday if the centre ignores their demands for jobs, compensation and clarity on their loved one's deaths.
we'll wait till saturday for a positive response from the government, said gurpinder kaur, sister of manjinder singh, one of the 39 indians taken hostage in mosul in june 2014 and killed.
we need to be properly informed by the government about what they have been doing and what they propose to do.
if the government fails to give us any response (by saturday), we'll head to delhi.
some of the family members met on friday at baba bakala, around 40km from amritsar, to decide their future actions.
the families have formed an eight-member committee that will lead the talks with the government on their demands.
they have threatened not to accept the remains of the slain hostages till the government accepts their demands.
of the 39 killed, 27 are from punjab, 6 from bihar, 4 from himachal pradesh and 2 from bengal.
so far, the families had acted individually, gurpinder said.
we would on our own go to the minister or the local mla or mp to ask about our captive relative.
but seeing the way in which the government has treated us, we felt that all of us should come together.
davinder singh, younger brother of slain hostage gobinder singh, said the punjab families were in touch with their counterparts in himachal and bihar.
family members of 17 victims were at today's meeting.
we spoke to some of the others over the phone, and they agreed to the decisions we have taken, he said.
davinder says he met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 12 times since his brother disappeared 45 months ago.
pardesi ram, resident of kadreti village in himachal and father of slain hostage inderjeet, a machine operator, said he fully supported the committee members.
we have been waiting all this while to hear about our near ones.
the government failed us then, now we hope they will do something for us, he said.
congress rajya sabha mp partap singh bajwa, who has asked sushmaswaraj a series of questions on the subject and claims she has blocked him on twitter, has demanded a job and a compensation of rs 1 crore for each family.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh has demanded the centre help the victims' families.
we have been providing rs 20,000 to the families a month.
we are looking into what more we can do, he said.
the centre too has a responsibility as the tragedy happened in a foreign country.
i'm only reminding the centre of its duty.
himachal pradesh chief minister jai ram thakur has announced a compensation of rs 4 lakh for each of the four bereaved families in his state.
the bridge over the mansai river that falls on the route.
main uddin chistia decision by the central government to revive some of the old rail routes which used to connect india with bangladesh has prompted residents of cooch behar to demand the restoration of the gitaldaha-mogolhat link.
as a part of the centres decision, the railways are in the process of resuming the rail route from haldibari (also in cooch behar district) with chilahati in bangladesh.
gitaldaha is in cooch behar and mogolhat in bangladesh.
sources said back in 1984, the cooch behar state railway, run by the cooch behar royals, had established a narrow gauge railway line from cooch behar to gitaldaha, with a bridge over the torsha river.
in 1910, the track was changed into metre gauge.
also, the track to mogolhat (in present bangladesh) was developed and people could travel till parabatipur in bangladesh through this route.
from parbatipur, passengers would take the train to sealdah.
along this route, the distance between cooch behar and calcutta was 326 miles then, said arup jyoti majumdar, secretary, cooch behar heritage society.
according to senior residents and researchers, the track was open till 1971.
but till 1982, goods trains would occasionally move to bangladesh through gitaldaha-mogolhat route, crossing the bridge over mansai river.
it would largely help the residents of cooch behar and lower assam if this route is revived and trains to calcutta are run through this route, said aminur rehman, a schoolteacher and researcher based in gitaldaha.
though train services remained suspended, the rail bridge was there intact even 20 years back.
in 1998, during a flood, girders on the approaches of the bridge were washed away on both sides.
even today, the remaining girders of the bridge stand on mansai, bearing testimony of the old train service between gitaldaha and mogolhat.
the issue has also been raised by partha pratim roy, the trinamul cooch behar mp, in the parliament.
it would hardly take eight hours to reach calcutta.
this made us raise the issue in the lok sabha.
it is only recently that the union external affairs minister has replied to me, mentioning that they have the proposal under consideration.
she has also mentioned that the centre is keen in improving train connectivity between the countries, said roy.
in reply to the mps questions, sushmaswaraj swaraj, the union external affairs minister, has mentioned that the bridge on the mansai river needs to be constructed on the indian side.
in bangladesh, the meter gauge track along the mogolhat-lalmonirhat-kawnia stretch needs to be upgraded to a dual gauge track.
the centre has made is clear that it is committed in re-establishing these routes to bangaldesh.
we would approach the central ministers with the demand and would request them to speak about the project with the bangladesh government, said roy.
new delhi, aug.
18: host venezuela had postponed a summit of the non-aligned movement, originally planned for july last year, to accommodate prime minister narendra modi.
but it won't do so again though the leader of founding member india is likely to still skip the rescheduled meet next month.
venezuela's foreign minister delcy rodriguez today met indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj and handed her an invitation for the nam summit that caracas has planned in the picturesque margarita island in the caribbean sea from september 17 to 18.
but modi may instead travel to a different country on these dates, one official indicated, and either sushmaswaraj or vice-president hamid ansari is likely to represent india.
venezuela has ruled out postponing the summit again if modi is unable to attend in september, convinced that new delhi's refusal to commit to the prime minister's presence reflects his priorities, senior officials from both countries have confirmed to the telegraph.
officially, the indian government insisted today there had been no shift in the country's position on nam.
but the refusal to commit to modi's attendance for the summit - despite rare consideration by its hosts - comes on the back of other signs, including public pronouncements that suggest a move away from the legacy of non-alignment built by jawaharlal nehru.
only one previous indian prime minister, charan singh, who led the country for less than six months in 1979, has skipped a nam summit - in havana that year.
the decision on our level of participation at the nam summit has not yet been taken, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
having said that, i want to emphasise that india attaches the highest importance to the nam, and has in fact led the reorientation of the group's priorities in a post-cold war era.
the nam was created in 1961 by nehru, yugoslav leader josef broz tito and egyptian leader gamal abdel nasser as a body of developing nations keen to steer clear of alliances with either of the two cold war rivals: the us and the soviet union.
but successive prime ministers - including atal bihari vajpayee - have tried to retain india's association with the nam.
this trend continued even as india continued to shift closer to the us over the past two decades and even when - like venezuela - countries that america was opposed to hosted the summit.
that tradition, india's historic role in the founding of the nam, and the increasing global clout the country carries, were factors that influenced venezuela when, in the run-up to the summit in july 2015, new delhi had indicated that modi would not be able to attend.
quiet diplomatic talks ensued, and india communicated that scheduling was the reason the prime minister would struggle to attend venezuela in july that year - he visited russia, kazakhstan, uzbekistan, tajikistan, turkmenistan and kyrgyzstan that month.
venezuela postponed the summit by a year to july 2016.
then, as a deep economic crisis hit the country, the meet was postponed to september.
the reluctance by india's political leadership to commit to attending the nam isn't the only sign foreign diplomats of countries still associated deeply with the movement are reading.
at the third - and largest - india africa forum summit, held in new delhi last october, modi did not once refer to the nam in either his inaugural or valedictory address, even though the organisation was traditionally a key bond between india and the continent.
every african country other than the newly born south sudan is a member of the nam.
almost coinciding with the original 2015 dates for the nam summit in venezuela, foreign secretary s. jaishankar said in a lecture in singapore that india under modi was indeed shifting its strategy from that of a balancing power to one of a leading power.
the transition in india is an expression of greater self-confidence, jaishankar said on july 20, 2015.
its foreign policy dimension is to aspire to be a leading power, rather than just a balancing power.
this july, swarup made clear that indian diplomacy had a new catchword to swear by, insisting that india was following a multi-aligned foreign policy.
the most celebrated peace pact in the country that brought to an end one of its bloodiest insurgencies will celebrate its 30th anniversary tomorrow.
the mizoram accord holds pride of place in the annals of indian history because it endured teething troubles and witnessed the implementation of most of the clauses it endorsed when an elected chief minister, lal thanhawla, stepped down to make way for the firebrand insurgent leader, laldenga, to take over the reins of the state.
these episodes are well chronicled.
what is less known is that in 1986, r.d. pradhan, the union home secretary, was made to play interlocutor with laldenga by the then prime minister, rajiv gandhi.
pradhan's birthday was on june 27.
he invited laldenga to tea, told him that he would be retiring in three days, and urged the mizo leader to seriously consider agreeing to the terms set by the government to arrive at a pact.
fond memories laldenga returned to consult his legal adviser, swaraj kaushal, the husband of the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj.
after two days of silence, laldenga returned to meet pradhan when the latter was about to lay down office.
sensing that a breakthrough was imminent, pradhan said: in three hours i will not only leave this office but stand retired from government service.
if you are ready to be flexible, perhaps we can reach a settlement.
you could later sign the accord with my successor.
the mizo leader returned at 4.
30 pm with his team.
in less than an hour, they sorted out their differences and cleared a draft.
the cabinet committee on political affairs approved the draft of the agreement.
the prime minister asked pradhan to be a signatory to the accord because he had worked so hard in shaping it.
when i met the third signatory to the tripartite accord, the then chief secretary of mizoram, pu lalkhama, in aizawl, he said: the anniversary reminds me of june 30, 1986 and brings back memories of rajiv gandhi and laldenga.
their courage in befriending each other should be an example for national leaders when they face difficult political issues.
that the accord brought about lasting peace and tranquillity is also a measure of the political maturity of the people in this state.
long strides mizoram launched anniversary celebrations on june 25 this year with a peace rally and an awareness drive.
chief minister lalthanhawla told me, looking back on the insurgency of 20 years, i feel what was done to usher in the truce is justified.
it is very satisfying that development and progress have made strides in this state.
i share the immense joy of the mizo people.
i feel it is worth the sacrifice we made.
such compromise is the essence of a truce.
unfortunately, present-day accords are founded on intractable bargains.
the naga accord is thus making slow progress and with the death of the ailing national socialist council of nagalim chairman, isak chishi swu, yesterday, its fate is uncertain.
its kilo kilonser (home minister), r.h. raising, was quoted as saying that according to the nscn's ongoing talks with the centre and the framework agreement drafted on august 3, 2015, the nagas would be allowed.
.
.
the liberty of having a separate passport and flag.
.
.
soon after the settlement of the indo-naga issue.
in the unlikely event of that materializing (on june 22, the union minister of state for home, kiren rijiju, denied any such concessions), a pandora's box will spring open in a region where ethnicity is the cornerstone of governance.
subrata roy and amitabh bachchan arrive for rakesh roshans birthday party in mumbai in september 2013 roy offers sridevi cake at a party sahara india pariwar hosted in mumbai in april 2013 after the actress won the padma shri roy and shah rukh khan arrive for a wedding reception in mumbai in december 2012.
(fotocorp pictures) new delhi, feb.
28: subrata roy saharasri hosted his last big bash in march 2013, picking a delhi hotel as the venue instead of the sprawling township on the gomtis banks in lucknow that he calls sahara shaher.
the legal case over two of his investment schemes had begun to sting him by then but roy smiled his way through the event  the annaprashan of granddaughter roshna.
he had good reason.
the hotel was packed with the capitals crme de la crme, from bjp opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley to former delhi chief minister sheila dikshit and ex-president pratibha patil, from lok sabha speaker meira kumar to digvijaya singh of the congress and union minister farooq abdullah of the national conference.
old friend mulayam singh yadav was there from beginning to end; so was the amitabh bachchan clan.
even press council of india head and former supreme court judge markandey katju was present.
two prominent faces, however, could not be seen.
sonia gandhi and uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav had stayed away.
the congress president has consistently spurned roys repeated attempts to reach out to her.
at a time the industrialist would loan his aircraft to politicians for pre-election forays, sonia chose to use the national carrier to make a point.
insiders say that if theres a blip on roys career graph, its his failure to coax even a glance out of sonia and p. chidambaram, so firm have the duo been about not even making eye contact with him.
during a trip to calcutta last november, roy had linked his groups troubles with financial regulators like the reserve bank and sebi to a comment he had passed on indian citizenship after the congress came to power in 2004.
i said an indian citizen should be the prime minister .
that percolated down to rbi action, he had said, stopping short of blaming sonia personally and trying to point a finger at her subordinates.
akhilesh apparently lacks his fathers enthusiasm for the sahara chief.
according to the lucknow grapevine, akhilesh was unhappy when mulayam celebrated the sons elevation as chief minister in march 2012 by ferrying his friends to roys ostentatious township.
akhilesh has since avoided being seen publicly with roy.
in the 80s, roy had found in congress chief minister vir bahadur singh a patron who promoted his business and blinked at small investors complaints of irregularities.
when mulayam took over as chief minister for a second time in 1993, he unleashed his police on protesters who were demanding action against the sahara group for alleged embezzlement.
roy has had amicable relations with the bjp brass, with the lone exception of kalyan singh.
during kalyans second stint as chief minister in 1997, a part of roys township was demolished for alleged encroachment.
roys pleas didnt move kalyan but the industrialist was bailed out by another minister who had good relations with the sahara parivar.
the jolt, however, forced the realisation on roy that not every uttar pradesh politician could be counted on as a friend.
he began looking for commercial pastures outside the state and built an upscale residential settlement outside mumbai.
roy had better luck with two other former bjp chief ministers of uttar pradesh, rajnath singh (now party president) and ram prakash gupta.
when the bjp launched an operation in 1998 to poach on mlas from various parties in uttar pradesh, rajnath was the prime strategist.
a sahara copter was used to ferry the mlas and ministers to delhi for a save democracy protest before rashtrapati bhavan  a ploy to pressure the united front government into installing a bjp ministry in lucknow.
even in december 2012, roy made it a point to be seen at narendra modis oath-taking in gandhinagar.
after the bjp lost uttar pradesh, good times visited roy again when the samajwadi party came to power in 2003.
he showcased his proximity to mulayam by turning up at the swearing-in along with the bachchans, amar singh and anil and tina ambani.
when his two sons got married in lucknow, aishwarya rai (still to become a bachchan) arrived in a gossamer sari and travelled the length and breadth of sahara shaher in an open suv with roy.
the arrival of mayawati as chief minister brought a bad patch for roy.
the bahujan samaj party leader targeted sahara.
roy quickly instructed his media house to carry only positive news about mayawati and for a while avoided mulayam and his cabal.
it didnt help much but at least ensured that he kept his head above water.
many lucknovites feel that by defying the supreme courts summons, roy has now bitten off more than he could chew.
so far the political establishment hasnt distanced itself  bjp spokesperson prakash javadekars sanitised response was the law must take its course but the idea is gaining ground that even his best political friends mightnt be able to help him this time.
most of these friends have received his hospitality not only at home but on foreign soil too  in the two hotels he recently acquired: new yorks plaza and londons grosvenor house.
the buzz is that nobody is out to shun him yet.
front page > bihar > news in brief news in brief passport centre patna: bjp leader sushil kumar modi submitted a memorandum to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in rajgir on friday requesting to set up a mini passport service centre at siwan as a large number of residents of saran division travel abroad for jobs.
waraj was in rajgir to inaugurate the academic session of nalanda university.
london visit patna: chief minister jitan ram manjhi said the purpose of his scheduled london visit in the third week of september was to bring investment to bihar.
accident sheikhpura: residents blocked the sheikhpura-jamui main road for four hours near ukasi village after a person was killed and two others were injured in an accident.
lic policy patna: sources in the lici said so far 36,321 policies have been sold under its jeevan shagun policy generating first premium income of rs 177.
87 crore.
bsnl tariff patna: bsnl has come up with a special tariff plan for its prepaid mobile customers.
the customers would get 22,000 seconds of free calls across the country on any network for a month for rs 165 and 70,000 seconds for rs 471 with a validity of 90 days.
exam notice patna:registration for cbse classes x and xii board exams has begun.
patliputra sahodaya school complex press note said students should ensure mandatory attendance.
the registration for students of classes ix and xi too has commenced.
september 30 is the last date.
health tips patna: the state institute of health and family welfare, patna, on friday, advised residents to take necessary precautions against seasonal influenza.
a press note on friday said the characteristics of seasonal influenza viruses peaks in winter and after monsoon.
clean drive patna: east central railway (ecr) would launch a special sanitation drive on october 2.
laurels patna: nisha kumari, a nurse of mahavir vatsalya hospital, patna, has cleared medical entrance examination and has been admitted to king george medical college, lucknow.
new delhi, june 13: the bjp has said it will wait for the congresss response to the mamata-mulayam shocker on the presidential poll nominees before firming up its strategy that revolves around two options: back a.p.j. abdul kalam or contest the election.
a third alternative, endorsing the candidacy of p.a. sangma, is also on the table.
that will depend on whether the jayalalithaa-naveen patnaik duo, who sponsored the former lok sabha speakers name, persist with their exertions or back one of the candidates proposed by the mamata-mulayam combine.
sources said whatever the bjp did would be in concert with the nda allies and not on its own.
this is our moment to solidify our alliance, a source said.
the janata dal (united) objected to sushmas statement because it feared that rejecting a muslim candidate would send wrong signals to the community.
the sources said the bjp was delighted that mamata banerjee and mulayam singh yadav had stumped the congress.
all this while, the congress kept challenging us to prove that the nda was united on the presidential election.
we want to ask the congress that if your upa is so rock-solid, how come one of your most important allies in the government and another backing your government from outside have rejected your candidates?
let the congress put its house in order before it preaches to us, said the source.
she had said if the bjp came up with his name, the chances of evolving a consensus were lower because he would acquire an untouchability tag.
bjp sources, however, said that rather than jump the gun and root for kalam, they would prefer to wait and see what mulayams manoeuvres were.
we are sure the congress will work towards breaking his partnership with mamata.
we have to see if he is serious about the names or not or gets co-opted by the congress, the source said.
(from left) sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh, narendra modi, amit shah and arun jaitley release bjps manifesto in new delhi on monday.
(ap)prime minister narendra modi released the bjps manifesto for the 2019 general election on monday, flanked by party president amit shah and other senior leaders and against a backdrop that only had his picture.
while atal bihari vajpayee didnt find a place on billboards at the party headquarters, the late prime ministers sidelined contemporaries l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi  the chairman of the 2014 manifesto committee  didnt make it to the dais.
both advani and joshi have been denied nominations this time and mondays show confirmed their present status in the party.
for a change, though, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and finance minister arun jaitley not only found a place on the stage but were also allowed to speak.
the last five years have seen only modi and shah speak from podiums, the others remaining silent spectators.
another change was shahs absence from the billboards and even the manifestos cover page  a break from the past five years that has seen him occupy almost equal space as modi on party hoardings and posters.
this time it was modi and no one else, unlike 2014 when vajpayee, advani, joshi and rajnath had found a place on the cover page of the manifesto.
all that appeared to be history before the one-man modi show.
the manifesto was to be released by members of the parliamentary board, the partys highest decision-making body, but three members of the board  union ministers nitin gadkari and j.p. nadda and former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan  were not present.
rajnath, sushmaswaraj and jaitley got the opportunity to speak but had to wait a good 10-15 minutes in the heat for modi and shah to arrive.
apparently, they and some others had been asked to reach early and wait on the stage because of security reasons.
all of them stood up and greeted modi and shah when the two arrived.
shah, who spoke first, started from 2014 when he said that modi, then chief minister of gujarat, had emerged as the symbol of the aspirations of the people of india.
the history of indias development in the last five years, he added, would be written in golden letters.
shah claimed that modi has delivered despite the difficulties posed by a multiparty democratic system, in what seemed a loaded comment in the backdrop of sustained allegations that democracy and democratic institutions have been in peril over the past few years.
how difficult it is to work in a multiparty democratic system and federal structure like ours is known, shah, who wants the bjp to rule from panchayat to parliament, added.
rajnath, expected to speak as the chairman of the manifesto committee, took the microphone after shah.
he called the manifesto a vision document of the modi government, described the government as responsible and sensitive with a firm commitment and said modi had ended the crisis of credibility under the upa regime.
jaitley, who has been campaigning on social media through written and video blogs, spoke next.
unlike the others he spoke in english, seeking possibly to hit out at what the bjp despises the most  lutyens delhi.
the bjps manifesto presents a roadmap of a continuing government, he repeatedly stressed, oozing confidence that modi would return to power.
this sankalp patra is one of a government which is going to continue in power, jaitley said.
this manifesto in a season of manifestos is not prepared with a tukde-tukde mindset, jaitley said, using a term coined against those who the bjp and its ideological brethren think are out to divide india.
its not even prepared with an ivy league mindset, jaitley added in what appeared to be a dig at some academics who have been critical of the modi government.
sushma, who has declared that she would not contest the election, was the last to speak before modi.
she lauded modi for cornering pakistan internationally and asked journalists to compare the bjps promise with that of the congresss.
modi said the three main themes of the manifesto were nationalism, empowerment of weaker sections and good governance.
nationalism is our inspiration, empowerment of weaker sections is our vision and good governance is our mantra, the prime minister said, adding the manifesto would take india on one mission and in one direction.
our special correspondentnew delhi: india, which bristles at any international comment about attacks on minorities here, has asked its mission in dhaka to raise with the bangladesh government the burning of houses of hindus in rangpur district.
indian high commissioner in dhaka will take up this matter with the government of bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on saturday after the attacks, triggered by a facebook post, were brought to her notice on twitter.
according to reports in bangladeshi newspapers, at least 30 houses of hindus in thakurbari village, rangpur sadar, were set ablaze by a mob angry over the facebook post.
one person was killed in police action to disperse the mob.
on sunday, sushmaswaraj took to twitter to announce that she had received a detailed report from the indian high commissioner in dhaka.
bangladesh authorities have assured him that compensation will be paid to affected persons to rebuild their houses and adequate security will be provided.
new delhi has traditionally been wary of commenting on such incidents in other countries - especially bangladesh and pakistan - to avoid a situation where they can turn around and point to attacks on minorities here.
new delhi, march 3: narendra modis stated credo is: minimum government, maximum governance.
shivraj singh chauhan, his madhya pradesh counterpart, has a different model, which he today summed up thus: my state is my temple, my people are its worshippers and i am their pujari (priest).
if the gujarat chief minister is an advocate of the top down development template, chauhan said his politics was for the daridra narayan (poor).
the unstated message seemed to be: my government is as good as yours.
modis development model has been a talking point at the two-day bjp national council that ended today.
delegates confessed to being dazzled by gujarats wealth, which they saw in its bump-free highways, factories, glass-fronted offices and conspicuous consumption at the marketplace.
nobody asked whether some of the accounts were not tinged with myth.
but then the affable chauhan took the mike and appeared to suggest that poor sibling madhya pradesh was not far behind.
when we talk of bjp-ruled states, modis gujarat is always there.
the congress mischievously tried to drive a wedge among us by suggesting that gujarat alone was dominating our meeting.
the congress said the other bjp states too were doing good work.
so even the congress is acknowledging our work, chauhan said as l.k. advani and sushmaswaraj swaraj, an mp from madhya pradesh, teetered.
chauhan said that when chhattisgarh was carved out of madhya pradesh, the natural resources went away and his state slipped to a growth rate of 2 or 3 per cent.
from that low, it went up to 11.
98 per cent last year, which is a miracle for my people.
he said that while gujarat has had 24x7 power supply for a few years, his state would achieve it by the end of may this year.
chauhan spoke of his governments gender-friendly schemes: one or two months post-natal holidays for women with a rs 7,000 monthly stipend from the state and 15 days compulsory leave for the husbands so that they could help out their wives.
to showcase madhya pradesh as industrially robust, he said the government would underwrite loans of up to rs 50 lakh for aspiring entrepreneurs.
unlike modi, chauhan has quietly reached out to the muslims, accepting skullcaps without fuss.
rajnath singhs speech today reflected the bjps hopes to project the records of its state governments cumulatively to back up its main slogan for 2014: good governance, bjp only alternative.
the party president, who had gone overboard praising modi on friday, did a balancing act by eulogising the madhya pradesh, chhattisgarh and goa chief ministers.
advani clubbed chauhan and modi as he lauded them.
bjp sources refused to comment on the possibility that chauhan could claim a place on the partys high table if he delivered madhya pradesh a third time.
he is a state leader and knows it, a source said.
but he added that modis delhi opponents might find in chauhan a handle to get at the gujarat chief minister now and then.
india will get a chance to say its piece at the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic) next friday when the council of foreign ministers of member countries meet in abu dhabi, courtesy host uaes decision to name india as guest of honour.
the two capitals announced this simultaneously on saturday, but the plans had been drawn up prior to the pulwama terror attack.
though the guest of honour stature at the 46th session of the council of foreign ministers of the oic falls way short of indias consistent position that it ought to have full-member status by virtue of being home to the third largest muslim population in the world, the narendra modi government billed the invite as significant.
we see this invitation as the desire of the enlightened leadership of the uae to go beyond our rapidly growing close bilateral ties and forge a true multifaceted partnership at the multilateral and international level, the external affairs ministry said in a statement.
we see this invitation as a milestone in our comprehensive strategic partnership with the uae.
we also see this invitation as a welcome recognition of the presence of 185 million muslims in india and of their contribution to its pluralistic ethos, and of indias contribution to the islamic world, it added.
the congress, privy as it is to the india-oic dynamics, was quick to question the governments bid to project this as a big feather in the countrys diplomatic cap.
i am surprised at the government celebrating the invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to address the oic meeting in the uae.
the euphoria is misplaced and it is a futile exercise to mislead public opinion in india, congress spokesperson anand sharma said, pointing out that this is even less than the observer status that was offered to india in 2006.
even at last years oic, bangladesh and turkey had advocated granting observer status to india.
india has rejected the oics offer for observer status and made it clear that given the size of its muslim population, the oic must give india the status of a full member to facilitate the indian states engagement with the oic, sharma said.
although india has always had excellent relations with much of the arab world  in fact deeper links than even pakistan has with some of these muslim countries  islamabad has always ensured new delhi does not get a foot inside the oic.
this despite india getting an invite to the islamic summit conference of 1969 that was held against the backdrop of the fire at the al aqsa mosque in jerusalem.
the indian ambassador to morocco, gurbachan singh, had attended the first session of that summit in rabat but by the time the head of the indian delegation, fakhruddin ali ahmed, arrived, pakistan had managed to get the invite to india withdrawn.
the decision to set up the oic was taken at the rabat conference.
the observer status, as per an article written by singh in the indian foreign affairs journal, has been on the table from that founding conference itself.
once pakistan, along with two other countries, opposed indias participation on the pretext of riots in ahmedabad, observer status was offered to the indian delegation, which was promptly rejected.
with india out of the oic framework, pakistan has regularly got the inter-governmental organisation representing the collective voice of muslims the world over to issue statements against india on kashmir.
diplomats who have worked in west asia have maintained that many of the oic countries have told new delhi to ignore these resolutions given the excellent bilateral relations they have with india.
new delhi, feb.
2: union home minister p. chidambaram and lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj got into a verbal altercation over their respective versions of the circumstances leading to the appointment of p.j. thomas as chief vigilance commissioner.
while chidambaram refuted sushmas charge that he had misled the vetting panel by stating that thomas had been acquitted, the bjp leader stuck to her words.
today chidambaram said he took exception to sushmas assertions.
chidambarams argument was that if no sanction for thomass prosecution had been granted since the case was filed in 1999, how could it have proceeded to trial and ended in his acquittal?
he asked that if the supreme court had stayed the trial  as sushmaswaraj herself admitted  was it not self-evident that the case was pending?
in response, sushmaswaraj tweeted: home minister admits that government knew about the pendency of the palm oil case against thomas and yet they appointed him.
today we have a cvc facing trial in a corruption case.
our special correspondentnew delhi: seven indians working for an rpg enterprises company in afghanistan were kidnapped from baghlan province in the northeast of the war-torn country on sunday morning.
the external affairs ministry confirmed the abduction and said india was in contact with the afghan authorities and further details are being ascertained.
an afghan official suggested the abduction was the result of mistaken identity.
baghlan is around 260km from kabul.
afghan officials said the seven indians were working for the da afghanistan breshna sherkat, which operates power stations.
they were employees of kec international, a power transmission engineering, procurement and construction company that is part of the mumbai-headquartered rpg enterprises.
rpg enterprises chairman harsh goenka tweeted an appeal to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her ministry to help rescue 7 of our managers from the kidnapping in afghanistan.
we are very concerned and the matter is being looked at by the mea at the highest level.
in the interest of safety of our people and the sensitive nature of the situation on ground, we will not be commenting any further.
we want to assure everyone concerned that we are working with the authorities to ensure safe return of our employees, said vimal kejriwal, md and ceo of kec international.
police told reporters in kabul that the indians and their afghan driver were travelling to a government-run power station in a mini-bus when unknown gunmen abducted them.
afghan television network tolonews quoted baghlan governor abdulhai nemati as saying the indians had been mistaken for government staff and abducted erroneously.
he said efforts were on through tribal elders to mediate with the kidnappers to secure their release.
a senior indian embassy official told reuters that over 150 indian engineers and technical experts were now working across afghanistan on large infrastructure projects.
narendra modi greets newly-appointed bjp president amit shah at the party headquarters in new delhi on wednesday.
picture by ramakant kushwaha new delhi, july 9: narendra modis closest aide amit anilchandra shah was crowned bjp president this afternoon in an abbreviated ceremony that was as inconsequential as the political subtext of the elevation was significant.
the expected coronation, which came at a meeting of the bjps parliamentary board, completed modis stranglehold over the government and the party.
shah, modis political confidant, is the new ceo of the partys 11 ashoka road headquarters to work and implement decisions at the prime ministers behest.
the crowning, on the propitious day of aashadi ekadashi, was, however, correct on procedural niceties.
the board, represented by outgoing chief rajnath singh, veterans l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi, and sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, endorsed the choice by consensus.
rajnath, who announced the decision, lauded shahs managerial and organisational skills.
a source said shah, who at 49 is the bjps first president from the post-nehru era, had modis trust and confidence.
together they ensured that advani and sushmaswaraj , who exercised a veto in the past, were out of the bjps decision-making apparatuses.
conversely, the source said, rss sarsanghchalak mohanrao bhagwat and some of his colleagues who mattered most to the sangh chief  like suresh joshi, dattatreya hosabale and krishna gopal  were on board shahs anointment.
it is learnt that in the prelude, bhagwats message was that if jaitley, rajnath and nitin gadkari (nagpurs nominee on the bjps governing board) agreed with modi on shah, the sangh had no issue.
a bjp insider said modi, who had observed the government-party irritants in the atal bihari vajpayee era from his vantage point as a general secretary, was clear from day one as prime minister that the two wings must be on the same page.
hence it was important for him to install his own person who would also ensure that every person in his team was a modi loyalist.
shah is an accused in the 2005 fake encounter deaths of sohrabuddin sheikh and his wife kauser bi.
but bjp sources said the charges were politically motivated and legally unsustainable because the cbi couldnt produce a sliver of evidence to suggest that as modis home minister in gujarat, shah had ordered state police to kill the couple.
the charge lies buried under encomiums shah earned when he brought to the bjp a dream win in uttar pradesh  73 of the 80 lok sabha seats  after a year of hard work on the ground when he lived in party workers homes in far-flung places on a diet of fennel-spiced khichdi and buttermilk.
while his 2014 success vindicated the popular jo jeeta woh hi sikandar (he who wins wears the crown) adage, shah has his task cut out.
he has to rerun the uttar pradesh success in the maharashtra, haryana and delhi elections, a source said, adding that delhi was tricky because the bjp lacked a focused and inclusive leadership.
an early indication that shah wouldnt care to keep the entrenched power cliques was his move to induct rss pracharaks (whole-timers) ram madhav and shiv prakash in his team.
a section of the media made out as though he and modi were out to please the sangh.
thats not true because madhav and prakash have valuable qualities that will stand the party in good stead, a source said.
at the coronation, the band baaja, a must for party festivities, was marshalled as an afterthought with a quartet of drummers and trumpeters blaring tunes intermittently outside the central office.
even the customary shower of petals was meagre.
the fact that modi was ensconced as the prime minister had converted shahs coronation into a stylised ritual bearing the symptoms of power: from the multi-layered security wraps around the bjp headquarters to modis token appearance at the parliamentary board meeting and his ensuing tweet.
amit bhai started his journey as an ordinary karyakarta (worker) and has repeatedly proven himself through tireless hard work and determination, modi tweeted.
disagreements between the government and the higher judiciary are always discomfiting.
they immediately throw up questions of form  of purviews and boundaries  that politely disguise suspicions about shifts in the balance of the democratic edifice.
they also throw up other, even less pleasant, questions, about what the executive could have done to make the supreme court frown.
the court has declared the high-powered committees recommendation of p.j. thomas as chief vigilance commissioner non-est, that is, it does not exist.
although the government has accepted this quietly and even the opposition has refrained from crowing, the incident remains deeply disturbing.
the court was responding to a public interest litigation objecting to the appointment of mr thomas as the cvc.
since the hpc had not considered the adverse material that the court referred to as relevant to a cvcs appointment, the process of appointment was declared invalid.
there is undoubtedly a question of boundaries here.
the government is free to appoint a cvc of its choice, and he or she cannot be removed by any other institution.
therefore it is the process of recommendation that has been shown to have been illegal.
this, again, is not without its own problem.
the adverse material chiefly relates to the palmolein corruption case against mr thomas that has not been resolved in court.
it is not as if the hpc did not know about it, because one member, sushmaswaraj swaraj, dissented with the majority decision on this point.
on principle, mr thomas is presumed innocent till he is proven guilty, although questions of morality are not irrelevant to a cvcs appointment.
but technically, the hpc would have the freedom to decide what to consider as relevant to the appointment.
it was, however, undoubtedly a silly thing to do.
the institution in question is the vigilance commission, a fact on which the court has laid the greatest stress.
the institutional integrity of the commission should not be threatened by the appointment of a commissioner whose record is not spotless.
that a case was filed against him is like a shadow in this situation, although the court made it clear that mr thomass personal integrity was not being questioned.
but the post is too sensitive, and the times are bad; it is strange that the hpc should have taken the risk.
the dissenting members reason was clear; the argument overriding it was not.
the hpc may have been functioning with its own wisdom within its frames of reference, but technicality is not the same as morality.
the courts concerns are evident.
for the vigilance commission, only caesars wife will do.
in another hearing, the court pointed out that the government has been singularly lax in the questioning of hasan ali khan, who allegedly has illegal businesses and piles of black money.
it seems that the executive is almost inviting the courts strictures by its inefficiency and lack of foresight in matters of corruption.
new delhi, aug.
23: lok sabha speaker meira kumar today suspended 12 andhra mps for a few days after some initial reluctance, paving the way for the centre to push through the food security bill and other key legislation.
i name you under rule 374(a).
you may forthwith withdraw from the precincts of the house, the speaker read out from the order, referring to eight members of the congress and four of the telugu desam party.
the mps, who had allegedly stalled proceedings for days with anti-telangana protests, would not be able to enter the house for at least five sittings.
under rule 374(a), a member stands automatically suspended from service of the house for five consecutive sittings or the remainder of the session, whichever is less.
kumar had earlier rejected the governments request to suspend the mps.
she agreed today after some opposition parties also urged her to take action against the members over the disorder in the house, sources said.
yesterday, the government was embarrassed when it failed to push through a motion for suspending the mps.
the entire opposition stood up in protest against the proposal, forcing the government to withdraw it.
we did not protest today as the action was taken by the speaker of the lok sabha.
yesterday, (it was) the government (that) had moved a motion for the suspension of the mps, bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain said.
his party colleague, sushmaswaraj swaraj, was among those who had protested the move.
with the suspensions, the path appears to have been cleared for the government for the passage of key legislations.
the lok sabha has been stalled from the start of the monsoon session and has not been able to transact any substantial business.
parliamentary affairs minister kamal nath said the food bill would be taken by the lok sabha on monday.
the house will function tomorrow.
but a large number of members and leaders have said they are going to be away so they urged the speaker to take up the bill on monday, nath said.
the government has just a week left  if it does not extend the monsoon session  to push through key legislations like the ones on food security, land acquisition and reforms in the insurance and pension sectors.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs will meet soon to decide the issue, nath said, asked whether the government planned to extend the session beyond the scheduled close on august 30.
the foreign minister made the comments in the lok sabha when bjd leader bhartruhari mahtab wondered why the government was silent on pakistan's unilateral decision and demanded a house resolution condemning the neighbouring country.
sushma rejected mahtab's claim and said her ministry had reacted strongly without wasting any time.
she underlined that given the bjp's commitment to the issue, it would be wrong to doubt that the government would let go of any portion of kashmir.
sushma raised the bjp's slogan on kashmir:  jahan hue balidan mookerjee woh kashmir hamara hai; jo kashmir hamara hai woh sara ka sara hai (where mookerjee was martyred, that kashmir is ours; the kashmir that is ours is entirely ours).
shyama prasad mookerjee, the founder of the jana sangh, died in custody in kashmir in 1953.
he had protested against the granting of special autonomous status to the state of jammu and kashmir under article 370 of the constitution.
the bjd's mahtab had raised the issue during zero hour.
he said the constitution recognised gilgit-baltistan as an integral part of the country and demanded a strong reaction from the centre.
mahtab said the issue was being discussed in many western countries and england had passed a resolution denouncing pakistan.
jammu and kashmir is an integral part of india but occupied kashmir is also a part of india.
.
.
.
gilgit-baltistan too is an integral part of india and for that we should always vouchsafe in the international forum, mahtab said.
after sushma's reply, mahtab raised the issue again and urged speaker sumitra mahajan to pass a resolution condemning pakistan's act.
why cannot we move a resolution in the house condemning paksitan?
mahtab asked.
the speaker did not reply.
a bjp youth wing activist outside parliament on tuesday.
picture by prem singh new delhi, aug.
9: rajya sabha opposition leader arun jaitley today targeted prime minister manmohan singh over suresh kalmadis appointment as head of the commonwealth games organising committee, the direct attack spurred by resentment in bjp ranks over quiet deals with the government.
sonia gandhi also came in the line of fire as jaitley quoted from a letter by the now disgraced sports czar that said he had been appointed after a series of meetings with the prime minister and the congress president.
delhi chief minister sheila dikshit, blamed in a cag report for avoidable games-related expenses, wasnt spared either.
the frontal attack, that included an assertion that heads have to roll, came after a meeting of the bjps parliamentary party this morning to discuss sports minister ajay makens statement last week that the nda regime had appointed kalmadi.
at the meeting, sources said, some mps spoke of the growing perception that their leaders had quietly cut deals with the upa and the congress to allow parliament to function by diluting their stand on issues like corruption and price rise.
several mps had been on the phone with senior party leaders since yesterday.
one mp asked l.k. advani, jaitley and lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj to explain the logic behind telling the bjps youth wing to stage a rally against corruption and lay siege to parliament while they agreed to a half-hearted debate on the games.
this strategy of saying one thing outside and another thing inside the house never works.
our cadres are not like sheep which will blindly follow the leaders, the mp said.
the bosses were told that if they were not uniformly aggressive on the games scam, the bjp might as well concede another term in the delhi elections to the congress.
new delhi, dec.
19: the centre has reached an agreement with the bjp to pass a bill on pension reforms in the next two or three days, according to a cabinet minister.
it has also been working on upa partner trinamul congress, which is opposed to the bill.
the bjp agreed after the government gave in on two of its demands related to the legislation, the pension fund regulatory and development authority bill, 2011.
one was that the proposed 26 per cent foreign investment cap in the pension sector will be incorporated in the bill and not in the rules.
this is to ensure that if the government wants to increase the limit later, it will have to be done through an amendment in parliament, not merely by issuing an executive order.
the second was that the bill should have a provision for sovereign (government) guarantee on minimum assured returns.
the original bill provided for only market-based yields.
the understanding with the bjp was reached at a meeting this morning between finance minister pranab mukherjee and l.k. advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and yashwant sinha.
it was in line with the formula we had asked for, a bjp source said.
the bjp hopes its gesture might deflect some of the criticism it has faced from industry for thwarting the proposal for fdi in multi-brand retail, sources said.
with trinamul leaders, there was no separate meeting but parliamentary affairs minister p.k. bansal handed sudip bandyopadhyay a note in parliament containing three amendments to the bill.
i hope these amendments will address the concerns of your leader (mamata banerjee), bansal was learnt to have told trinamuls parliamentary party leader.
while two of the amendments related to the fdi cap and the assured returns  something mamata had been insisting on  the third allows a subscriber to withdraw money from his account.
subscribers will be offered a basket of options based on the principle of high risk, high returns, low risk, low returns.
the choices include shares, mutual funds, debentures and risk-free government securities.
a subscribers entire kitty can be invested in risk-free government securities.
alternatively, it can be parked in shares and private bonds.
another senior trinamul leader said the amendments had been sent to mamata and while they addressed the partys concerns, political compulsions might compel it to oppose the legislation as the left, trinamuls main rival, opposes the pension reforms.
at the same time, the trinamul leaders hope mamata will not put her foot down on the bill and will allow the government to pass it with bjps help, unlike the hard stance she taken against fdi in retail.
even if trinamul walks out, the government can see the bill through with the bjps help.
then we cannot be blamed for supporting it, a trinamul mp said.
the bjps support will be especially crucial in the rajya sabha where the upa does not have the numbers.
the government didnt appear to have reached out to the left, though.
cpi mp gurudas dasgupta said: neither the government nor the bjp spoke to us.
we are opposed to fdi and any flexible pension scheme.
our special correspondentnew delhi: india on sunday dispatched the first consignment of wheat to afghanistan via the chabahar port in iran, operationalising a long-in-the-making strategic transit route that bypasses pakistan and opens up an alternative way to central asian markets.
through video-conferencing, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi and her afghan counterpart salahuddin rabbani in kabul flagged off the first shipment from kandla port in gujarat to chabahar.
chabahar, the deep-water port in the sistan and baluchestan province of iran, is 72km from gawadar, a similar port developed by the chinese in the pakistan province of balochistan.
the two ministers welcomed the fact that this was the first shipment travelling to afghanistan through the chabahar port after the trilateral agreement on establishment of international transport and transit corridor was signed during prime minister narendra modi's visit to iran in may 2016.
six more wheat shipments will be sent to afghanistan over the next few months.
sunday's shipment is part of the commitment made by india to supply 1.
1 million tonnes of wheat to afghanistan on a grant basis.
from chabahar, the shipment will travel by road to zahedan on the iran-afghanistan border.
then on, it will take the $135-million zaranj-delaram highway constructed by india into land-locked afghanistan.
built by the border roads organisation, the highway was handed over to afghanistan by india in 2009 and provides access to kabul, herat, kandahar and mazar-e-sharif.
sushma iterated india's continued commitment to support the reconstruction, capacity-building and socio-economic development of war-ravaged afghanistan, including under the framework of the new development partnership that she jointly announced with rabbani last month during the meeting of the india-afghanistan strategic partnership council.
afghanistan's ambassador in india, shadia abdali, described the trans-shipment via iran as a page-turner for the land-locked country, which now has full-fledged connectivity courtesy shared interests.
mid-june, india and afghanistan launched an air-freight corridor over pakistani airspace to allow to-and-fro transportation of goods as islamabad continued to block indian access to afghan markets via land.
the inaugural use of the chabahar route, which india has been eyeing since 2003 but had to put on hold because of us sanctions on iran, comes at a time when the donald trump administration has refused to re-certify the iran nuclear deal signed under the watch of his predecessor barack obama, raising the spectre of curbs again.
during his visit to india last week, us secretary of state rex tillerson had remained non-committal when asked whether indian and afghan interests in gawadar would be at risk, maintaining that it was not washington's objective to interfere with agreements that are in place to promote the economic development of allies.
but he did not refer to either chabahar or the zahedan railway line that india is helping iran build as part of a network of connectivity avenues to afghanistan.
new delhi, feb.
18: l.k. advani has conveyed his regret to sonia gandhi for the distress caused to her by a bjp-sponsored reports insinuation that her family held secret swiss bank accounts.
in a letter dated february 16, copies of which the bjp released late this evening, advani alluded to a letter the congress president had sent to him on february 15.
in it, sonia had denied that the gandhis had stashed away money, paid as bribes, in swiss banks.
the charges had been levelled by a task force the bjp had formed to study indias corruption and crime money in overseas banks.
the task forces report was released earlier this month at advanis residence during a news conference attended by arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
advani wrote: i am happy that you have denied the reports relating to you and your family alluded to in the report on black money.
he added that had sonia denied the charges earlier, the bjp task force would have taken note of her denial.
even so, i deeply regret the distress caused to you, he wrote.
apart from making advanis letter public  after his statement of regret was construed as an apology  the bjp said nothing officially.
privately, at least two senior party officials said there was no need for advani to sound contrite.
the party has not fully associated itself with the task forces report.
he should have confined himself to taking note of sonias denial, one of them said.
congress leader ambika soni took a dig at advani.
i thought mr advani had retired sometime back and left space for younger people like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
.
.
.
mr advani has been making a statement every day on different subjects, soni said.
aicc general secretary janardan dwivedi, however, said: it is a welcome move.
the report had been prepared by some of advanis advisers, such as s. gurumurthy, the chennai-based chartered accountant and rss ideologue; ajit doval, who was the intelligence bureau chief during the ndas tenure in power; r. vaidyanathan, a finance professor at iim bangalore, and lawyer mahesh jethmalani.
the report claimed that because the gandhis had never formally denied holding secret swiss accounts, there was a growing fear that the upa was not serious about pursuing the money indians had illegally stashed in foreign countries.
it referred to an expose in a swiss magazine, schweizer illustriete (dated november 19, 1991), which accused 14 politicians from the developing nations, one of them being rajiv gandhi, of depositing kickbacks they had received in secret swiss accounts.
the other source was a book by a russian investigative journalist, yevgenia albats, titled the state within a state: the kgb and its hold on russia  past, present and future.
it quoted a former kgb chief to claim that the gandhis had been paid in us dollars by the communist party of the erstwhile soviet union.
new delhi, march 25: bjp leader arun jaitley today alleged that prime minister manmohan singhs barb at l.k. advani during the wikileaks debate in parliament was actually directed at someone else.
although he did not name anyone, jaitley made it clear his reference was to rahul gandhi.
democratic parties which elect leaders on the basis of merit never accept the concept of birthright.
it is only parties that believe in dynastic succession which are committed to the concept of birthright.
members of a dynasty acquire the right to govern as they are born into a family.
i got a distinct feeling that he was addressing someone else, telling that somebody that he would have to wait for another three-and-a-half years, jaitley said today at a news conference he addressed with party colleague sushmaswaraj swaraj.
singh had said in parliament that advani believed that being the prime minister was his birthright and therefore he has never forgiven me.
he asked the bjp veteran to wait in the wings for three-and-a-half years till the next elections.
in the bjp, jaitleys response was seen as the first public defence of advani  party mps had sat silently when the prime minister attacked him.
the rss, the bjps ideological parent, frowns on the idea of political legatees.
so political scions have been few, the exceptions being the sons of jaswant singh, vasundhara raje and himachal pradesh chief minister prem singh dhumal.
dhumals son anurag thakur, a lok sabha mp, has been mentored by jaitley.
former bjp president rajnath singh was stopped in his tracks when he tried to push one of his sons in uttar pradesh politics.
advani is said to have turned down covert suggestions from within the party to induct his daughter pratibha into politics.
jpc demand the bjp virtually rejected a demand by certain members of the joint parliamentary committee looking into the 2g spectrum scandal that party mps yashwant sinha, jaswant singh and ravi shankar prasad should recuse themselves from the panel because they were part of the cabinet that had framed the telecom policy in the nda regime.
if the speaker informs us about it, we will think then.
new delhi, sept.
20: the bjp today blamed upas internal problems and mamata banerjee for indias failure to sign the crucial transit treaty with bangladesh during the prime ministers visit to dhaka early this month.
leader of the opposition in rajya sabha, arun jaitley, said not being able to clinch the deal despite a friendly government being in bangladesh was an opportunity missed.
i had a silent hope that in this visit the access agreement would be signed.
it is clearly the internal dynamics of the upa that had a role to play, said jaitley.
at the last moment, the west bengal chief minister decided not to go because of (disagreements with bangladesh on) teesta water-sharing and so the access deal was not clinched, he told a large gathering of young lawyers and law students today.
the lecture was organised by the north east sampark cell of the bjp that was set up last year to help and guide young people from the northeast living across india.
the transit agreement through which india could send goods using bangladeshs road, water and rail networks has been a distant dream for the northeast.
he was in consonance with sushmaswaraj swaraj who also had questioned mamatas absence in dhaka.
the steep prices of essential goods could be linked to the huge distance between northeast and rest of india, jaitley said.
partition had also pushed the northeast farther by a good 1,200km, he said.
the senior bjp leader was driving home the point that bjp was foremost in caring for the region and wanted access of goods for the northeast through bangladesh.
bangladesh can also earn a lot through the transport  the government of india should continue to pursue this, jaitley said.
the leader, however, was careful on the partys stand vis--vis india-bangladesh relations, saying the government should be cautious while exchanging land in assam.
having said that, he added that settlement of boundary (including china) issue would ensure more peace in the region.
jaitley made it clear that on the issue of friendship with bangladesh, the nda and the upa were on the same wavelength.
the indian political establishment needs to increase its mindspace on issues of the northeast, he added.
sushma swaraj new delhi, sept.
5: india and italy late evening on sunday ended a four-year rupture in their relationship with smiles and handshakes exchanged between their foreign ministers in rome, capping months of quiet diplomacy aimed at resurrecting ties critical but politically sensitive for both.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj drove the 4km distance from the vatican, where mother teresa was canonised yesterday, to italy's foreign ministry just before 9pm for the first meeting between senior officials of the two countries since 2012.
by the time she left the italian foreign office, she had posed with her counterpart paolo gentiloni for photographs and agreed to a detailed roadmap for the restoration of ties virtually severed over india's arrest of two italian marines for the murder of two kerala fishermen.
that roadmap includes a series of visits by senior italian leaders - including gentiloni's deputy - to new delhi and indian leaders to rome, officials familiar with the meeting between sushmaswaraj and her counterpart told the telegraph.
the india-italy business forum - a body consisting of industrialists with investments in each other's countries - will also meet in rome on september 21, signalling the revival of a crucial component of the relationship that suffered the most because of the spat.
india and italy are among the world's 10 biggest economies, but their bilateral trade dropped by 18 per cent from $10bn in 2011-12 to $8.
3bn in 2015-16.
the ties had slumped so low that in september 2012, the then italian ambassador to india was accused by new delhi of actively dissuading european firms from participating in an investment summit kerala was hosting.
italy went out of its way to hurt india, so it's really important to rebuild this relationship, with sensitivity, k.p. fabian, former indian ambassador to italy, told the telegraph in a recent interview.
it's also important to recognise that both sides - india too - have mishandled the relationship.
for months after the two italian marines, massimiliano latorre and salvatore girone, were arrested for the killings in early 2012, the two nations tried to work out a diplomatic solution to the growing crisis.
that solution involved the families of the marines' victims.
but the efforts at a behind-the-scenes rapprochement fell through once the case became a political flashpoint in both countries.
in india, any attempt to find a resolution - even with the consent of the families of the victims - led to allegations by the opposition, including then gujarat chief minister narendra modi, now india's prime minister.
it was no different in italy, where a foreign minister had to resign amid allegations he wasn't trying hard enough to get the marines back.
the case also shadowed relations beyond trade, including at multilateral organisations like the european union (eu) and the missile technology control regime (mtcr).
italy delayed efforts between india and the eu to finalise a free trade agreement, and in 2014 vetoed india's application to join the mtcr, a cartel of nations that alone can trade in high-end missile technology.
but by late 2014 italy was suffering too - several italian companies that wanted to invest in india and tap the indian market couldn't.
defence relations struggled too, especially after italian arms major finmeccanica was accused of bribing indian officials to secure a deal to sell the indian air force special choppers to carry the prime minister, the president and the vice-president.
by late last year, the two countries were secretly discussing the roadmap for restoring ties sushmaswaraj and gentiloni publicly agreed to yesterday.
simultaneously, they were battling the marines' case at a un tribunal at the hague.
latorre was already back in italy, allowed by the supreme court here after he suffered a brain stroke.
girone was under house arrest in new delhi.
but a key british middleman in the finmeccanica deal, christian michel, in a letter to the un tribunal - first reported by the telegraph on february 2 - accused modi of offering his italian counterpart matteo renzi a deal during a pull-aside chat in new york in september 2015.
india would allow girone to return to italy in exchange for dirt on congress chief sonia gandhi, modi offered renzi, according to michel.
the government has denied any deal, and has insisted that renzi was not among the world leaders modi met bilaterally - in other words, formally - during his visit to new york in september 2015 for the un general assembly.
but the foreign office has never clarified whether they had a pull-aside chat, common among leaders in cases where deniability is important.
yet, two months later, the indian legal representative on the un tribunal hearing the marines' case did not dissent a ruling asking india to send girone back to italy.
days later, italy withdrew its veto against india at the mtcr and new delhi was admitted to the grouping.
with girone back in italy, the two sides could now resume their ties, gentiloni yesterday told italian journalists after his meeting with sushma.
prime minister narendra modi greets ivanka trump at the global entrepreneurship summit in hyderabad.
pti picture.
ivanka trump with foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the gec.
pti picture.
hyderabad, nov.
28 (agencies): india has a true friend in the united states, ivanka trump told a star-studded gathering from 150 nations here at the opening of the global entrepreneurship summit, referring to president donald trumps statement earlier this year.
ivanka, who is an entrepreneur and president trumps advisor and daughter, said the fact that india is hosting the ges for the first time is a symbol of friendship between the people of the us and india, and the growing economic and security partnership between the two nations.
india has become a major market for the united states, with two-way trade of about $115 billion last year.
military and strategic ties are also improving.
barack obama had conceived the ges as a forum for entrepreneurs when he was the president, and the first one was held in washington in 2010.
what you are achieving is truly extraordinary, ivanka told prime minister narendra modi, who was in audience.
from your childhood selling tea to your election as indias prime minister, you have proven that transformational change is possible.
earlier, modi met ivanka on the sidelines of the summit.
the press information bureau released a picture of the two warmly shaking hands but did not immediately give details of what transpired at the meeting.
thank you for the warm welcome, she tweeted.
i'm excited to be in hyderabad, india for #ges2017.
trump, who is also a fashion designer and a businesswoman, was invited by modi during his visit to the white house in june to speak at the summit.
she is leading the us contingent at the summit, which has 'women first, prosperity for all' as its theme.
more than half the 1500-odd participants are women, and all-female delegations will represent several countries, among them afghanistan, israel and saudi arabia.
over the years, turkey, the uae, malaysia, morocco and kenya have hosted the summit, primarily a gathering of entrepreneurs at all stages of business development.
silchar, july 25: mizoram chief minister lal thanhawla has urged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to scale up and strengthen bilateral engagements with myanmar.
lal thanhawla, who was on an official tour to new delhi, met swaraj last week at her office.
he apprised her of his tour to myanmar in april this year and shared his thoughts on the need to strengthen bilateral relations with myanmar through border trade, development investments, connectivity, political engagement and people-to-people exchange to optimise the gains of the northeastern states in the context of the act east policy.
the mizoram chief minister said ethnic affinity of mizoram, the areas of myanmar bordering mizoram and good relations that exist among the communities could be leveraged for strengthening bilateral engagements.
in the wake of strategic investments by china in myanmar and its growing influence, he stressed the need to strengthen india's engagements in myanmar.
he added that during his visit, he sensed a strong desire of the people of myanmar for stronger ties with india and this positive sentiment must be put to good use.
highlighting the existing and upcoming border trade infrastructure, he said: we must quicken its pace along the myanmar border.
but the condition of road in myanmar adjoining zokhawthar in mizoram is extremely poor which negates the effect of good infrastructure developed on our side.
hence, it is in our own interest to rebuild this road at our cost to facilitate movement of goods and people.
?
lal thanhawla requested swaraj to take initiatives to ease restrictions through a bilateral process to facilitate movement of people between the two countries and explore the possibility of making the bus service regular between the two countries through moreh.
he urged swaraj to take protective measures to preserve and protect the banyan tree known to the mizos as khampat bungpui - a symbol of mizo unity.
it was planted in the 17th century.
the chief minister today wrote a letter to prime minister narendra modi, urging him to take immediate steps to distribute aadhaar cards to people of the state so that they could avail of the benefits of a host of schemes, especially scholarships and subsidies on cooking gas through direct benefit transfer.
in the letter, lal thanhawla also mentioned that a large chunk of people in the state are yet to get aadhaar cards.
he drew modi's attention to the recent directive of the union hrd ministry to the ugc that scholarships and fellowships be linked with aadhaar cards of the students from 2016-17 financial year.
he said it would be difficult for the state government to implement this directive in mizoram in this fiscal as it would take some more months to issue aaadhar cards to all citizens.
new delhi, nov.
8: nitin gadkari was an early caller indeed one of the first on l.k. advani to wish him on his birthday today with flowers.
witnesses also let on that gadkari touched advanis feet and sought his blessings.
advani, who turned 85, was a trifle taken aback, because for the last two days the bjp president had refused to see him, sources said.
this happened even as gadkari visited other leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley to first marshal support in his defence and then to thank them for giving it.
gadkaris conduct didnt surprise insiders.
by tuesday night, when it became clear that gadkari would stay in office till at least his term in december, thanks to the rsss blessings, the power scales had tipped irrevocably from delhi to nagpur, from the hands of veterans like advani to mohanrao bhagwat, the rss chief.
the tipping point, the sources said, came when advani did not attend the partys core committee meeting on tuesday.
the committee expressed faith in gadkaris leadership in a statement signed by the bjps opposition leaders.
the statement followed the findings of an internal probe into the charges of financial irregularities against gadkari.
it was done by chennai chartered accountant, s. gurumurthy, a trusted person of the rss and once close to advani.
the bjp chief spokespersons explanation that advani need not have come because he was already briefed by gurumurthy did not wash with insiders.
not after the veteran leader himself had signed an earlier statement pledging solidarity with gadkari.
advanis absence was treated by the rss as an affront to gadkari.
even gurumurthy did not intervene on his behalf to broker truce, the sources said.
the bjp laid it on thick on advanis birthday today.
its leaders and workers congregated in strength.
they included karnataka chief minister jagadish shettar and former rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje.
from president pranab mukherjee to prime minister manmohan singh, ncp chief sharad pawar and samajwadi boss mulayam singh yadav, everyone phoned.
in normal circumstances, their wishes would have been music to advanis ears.
the last thing the leader resented being called was a political untouchable.
some in the bjp had hoped in the ndas prime-ministerial sweepstakes, he could emerge as a consensus choice because his secular credentials shone when compared with party favourite narendra modis.
indeed, advanis remarks on jinnah in karachi were an attempt to rectify his image as a muslim-baiter.
ironically, no muslim in india received them in advanis intended spirit.
worse, he became suspect to the rss.
today, when he was asked about his ambitions for the top job, advani said: the party has given me so much all my life that when someone says you have to become the pm, i say becoming the pm is not more than what i have got from the party.
advani had replied similarly to an identical query in the past.
asked if the remark signalled the end of his prime ministerial aspirations, sources said everything depended on whether the rss would green-flag his desire to fight the next lok sabha election.
new delhi, march 16: the bjp, which stalled parliament for the entire winter session on the corruption issue and has since kept up the heat on the manmohan singh government, sat in uncomfortable silence in the lok sabha today as its leader sushmaswaraj swaraj came under attack.
the emperor of illegal mining who is a minister in karnataka filed income tax returns for rs 1 lakh in 2001, rs 2 lakh in 2003 and rs 3,000 crore last year thanks to unbridled loot of national resources and extortion, congress mp sanjay nirupam said, not taking any names.
the minister had set up fake firms in dubai, singapore and several tax havens for money laundering, had nine non-bailable warrants pending against him and had not appeared in court despite 10 summons, nirupam continued.
this minister says his entry into politics is accidental, because he came in contact with sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he has openly declared his goal was to make swaraj the prime minister.
he has said his loot will continue till sushmaswaraj became pm, the congress mp said.
as the leader of the opposition sat in silence, nirupam asked: sushmaji, you can become the prime minister with the support of the people.
why are you taking help of thieves, looters and mafia?
no other senior bjp leader was present in the house.
a few party members did protest but nirupam cleverly quoted bjp chief minister b.s. yeddyurappas statements and the karnataka lokayukta report instead of giving his own views.
the double standards and hypocrisy of the bjp on the corruption issue will not be allowed to go unchallenged.
does the bjp have the courage to remove this mafia from the ministry?
we would have been happier to see sushmaswaraj demanding a thorough investigation into illegal mining when she was fighting over 2g and other scams, nirupam said.
by evening, there were gleeful faces in the ruling combine with even senior ministers crowing over how effectively the tables had been turned on the bjp.
imran ahmed siddiquiworst fear: amandeep kaur, the widow of kulwinder singh who was among the 39 taken hostage in iraqs mosul and killed, grieves with their daughter sanjna (right) and son harsh in khan ke village, 20km from jalandhar, on tuesday.
(afp picture)new delhi: harjit masih, the lone indian who escaped alive from is captivity in mosul, says he believes the government was fully aware of the deaths of the 39 indian workers but deliberately did not make it public because of political reasons.
i was the lone witness to the killing and narrated everything to the government.
instead of believing me, they put me in jail for nine months.
i firmly believe that the government was well aware of the truth about the deaths but hushed it up deliberately for political reasons and to save its image, harjit told the telegraph over phone.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had described harjit's account as a cock-and-bull story.
she said he had escaped with a group of bangladeshi workers by acquiring a false name, ali.
harjit said the islamic state captors made all the kidnapped indians sit on their knees and opened fire.
he said he was shot in his right thigh and fell unconscious.
hailing from gurdaspur in punjab, harjit is now on bail.
he was arrested on the charge of human trafficking and cheating after the families of nine of the 39 men lodged a complaint saying they had paid him and his dubai-based relative for arranging visas and jobs in west asia.
the foreign ministry had earlier said harjit had been kept in protective care.
child marriage indore, nov.
4 (pti): the wedding of a 17-year-old girl in a madhya pradesh village was prevented by the women and child development (wcd) department as part of its drive against child marriage.
the wcd officials yesterday raided the house of the girl and stopped the marriage.
the officials later discussed the matter with the girls family, which signed an undertaking that they will not get her married till she turns 18.
court relief new delhi (pti): delhi high court has commuted the death penalty of a 56-year-old man, facing the gallows for raping and murdering a three-year-old girl, to a life term.
the court considered a report on bharat singhs conduct to conclude that he can be reformed.
gang rape bangalore (pti): a 25-year-old woman has allegedly been gang-raped by robbers in the presence of her husband and mother-in-law at her bangalore home.
four robbers entered the victims house and claimed to be policemen who wanted to inquire about illegal sale of intoxicants, police said.
all of them have been arrested.
net users new delhi (pti): mumbai has the highest number of internet users in india at 16.
4 million, a study by the internet and mobile association of india and imrb has found.
delhi is second with 12.
1 million.
calcutta ranked third with 6.
27 million users.
indian guilty new york (pti): a 39-year-old indian-american store owner has been indicted by a federal jury on charges of committing fraud related to the us governments food stamps programme.
he faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 (rs 1.
5 crore) fine if convicted.
doctor nudge mumbai (pti): bombay high court has asked the municipal corporation of greater mumbai to request the medical council of india within a week to increase the number of resident doctors in neonatal postgraduate courses.
the court was hearing a pil on baby deaths.
fishermen call relief new delhi, nov.
4: sri lanka has decided to allow five tamil nadu fishermen on death row for narcotics smuggling to make regular phone calls to their families back home, after indian high commissioner y.k. sinha visited them at colombo jail.
the fishermen were awarded the death sentence on october 30 on drug trafficking charges, which they have denied.
lawyers hired by the indian high commission are expected to appeal against the sentencing in a higher court this week.
bar bribe thiruvananthapuram (pti): the vigilance and anti-corruption bureau has formed a special team to investigate the kerala bar owners allegations that finance minister k.m. mani had demanded a bribe for favourable decisions.
iraq captives new delhi (pti): external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday met the families of 40 indians still held captive in iraq.
she assured them that earnest efforts are on to secure the release of the nationals, who remain unharmed.
selfie record jaipur (pti): over 1,000 girls from various colleges here tried to set a record of sorts by clicking selfies from their cellphones together at one time.
the event called kurja was organised by an ngo, all india welfare society.
fir row new delhi (pti): a delhi court has refused to order lodging of an fir in a property dispute matter, saying its discretionary powers cannot be exercised in a mechanical manner and a magisterial court is not bound to direct investigation.
it dismissed a revision plea of vineet dargar filed against a magisterial court order in which it had refused to direct police to lodge the fir.
goa cop unit panaji (pti): goa police on tuesday closed down all its local intelligence units after extortion allegations.
a helpline, which will come into operation from november 15, can be used to report corruption in the department, the police said.
new delhi, aug.
20: the rss today came out in support of anna hazares protest against the centre over the lokpal bill.
an official statement, based on a news conference addressed by sangh general secretary suresh bhaiyya joshi, said: the rss, in a resolution it had passed at its national delegates convention in march 2011, said clearly that it will support the campaigns against corruption.
accordingly, our swayamsevaks have participated constructively in all these andolans.
joshi, who held the news conference this afternoon, mentioned hazare and yoga practitioner ramdev and said there should be greater co-ordination among different protests.
it is important for all of us to work together, the rss functionary said.
when hazare launched his earlier protest at jantar mantar on april 5, the rss had sent its spokesperson, ram madhav, to meet him.
but hazare, uncomfortable that the sanghs involvement may interfere in the secular nature of his protest, distanced himself.
on august 17, the sangh convened a weeklong co-ordination-cum-brainstorming session of its affiliates at ujjain to take stock of the hazare agitation.
although, such a meeting was called after five years, the sangh officially said it was a pre-scheduled, routine meeting.
sangh and bjp sources said the session acquired significance because of hazares protest as well as the perception that the bjp could recoup after setbacks now that scams and inflation were bothering the centre.
the rss has invited top bjp leaders nitin gadkari, l.k. advani, arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj, rajnath singh and m. venkaiah naidu to the session.
sources said the sanghs directive to the bjp was that it should be wary of the centres design to set the political class up against hazare and his flock by misrepresenting the campaign as a parliament versus civil society face-off.
the sources said the congress and the government had failed to assess the popular mood that had turned against them because of the scams and inflation.
the rss also asked the bjp to read the popular pulse and not become party to the centres attempts to paint hazares ramlila maidan protest as insurrectionist and anti-political.
it counselled the bjp not to engage in joint campaigns with the opposition, or even the nda for the moment, and strive for a separate identity as the political spearhead against combating graft.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj addresses as guest of honour at the 46th foreign ministers' meeting of organisation of islamic cooperation in abu dhabi, on march 1, 2019.
(twitter/pti photo)the congress on sunday accused the narendra modi government of surrendering national interest by attending a meeting of the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic).
the oic passed a resolution which condemned the recent wave of indian terrorism in occupied jammu and kashmir.
is this what we achieved  the tag of indian terrorism?
are we an occupation force in kashmir?
isnt this an abject surrender of our national interest?
congress spokesperson manish tewari asked on sunday.
we would like to ask the prime minister: is this your diplomatic achievement that you got india labelled a terrorist state?
tewari said.
they (the government) surrendered indias national interest by legitimising the oic by attending their function.
this is a sell-out.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj attended the oic meeting in abu dhabi.
the nda-bjp government touted it as a huge diplomatic success for india that it has been invited to attend the plenary.
but what happened in abu dhabi is extremely disturbing for india, he added.
theres a reason why india had ignored these meetings of the oic over the past so many decades.
what did you get in return  a resolution calling india a terrorist state, a resolution that appeals to other member states and islamic institutions to provide humanitarian aid to the kashmiri people?
the congress spokesperson went on: are we not capable of looking after our people?
and this humanitarian assistance is a euphemism for what?
support for terror activities in jammu and kashmir.
guwahati, may 13: the bjp will move the national human rights commission (nhrc) seeking protection of rights of hindus, who took refuge in india after being driven out of their homes in countries like bangladesh and pakistan.
bjp president nitin gadkari today said india has a moral responsibility to accept all hindus from pakistan and bangladesh, who have been displaced because of discrimination and persecution on the grounds of religion.
therefore, all such displaced persons must be granted indian citizenship, he said.
gadkari said the partys human rights cell in-charge avinash rai khanna will be visiting assam shortly to hold wide-ranging consultation to prepare a petition, which will be submitted to the rights commission seeking restoration of constitutional rights of hindus, who had to leave their homes in bangladesh and other countries because of religious persecution.
the bjp chief announced that the party is also planning to move court in this regard and a three-member legal committee comprising ravi shankar prasad, bhupendra yadav and pinky anand will be constituted to prepare the case.
gadkari accused the congress of doing injustice to hindus, who came from erstwhile east pakistan.
they are not getting justice because of to the vote-bank politics of the congress, he said.
leaders of opposition in the parliament  sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley  will also raise the issue in both houses, he said.
instead of granting citizenship, the government has humiliated them by declaring all as d (doubtful) voters.
the bjp will launch a movement against such step-motherly treatment meted out to hindus, who had come to the country after being driven out of their respective countries of origin, gadkari said.
on bangladeshi muslims who had illegally migrated to india, he said the government should take action against them according to law, adding that there is a different constitutional provision as far as hindus are concerned.
the bjp chief described the plight of hindus in pakistan as worrisome.
hindus in pakistan are facing harassment and even women are not being spared, he said, accusing new delhi of not doing anything in this regard.
taking a dig at the assam government, gadkari said probably assam is the only state in the country where power generation is coming down.
back home in my area, we produce one-fifth of the total power requirement of assam from biomass, which speaks volumes about the prevailing situation here and i am saddened by it, he said.
gadkari said several leaders from other political parties in the northeast, including chaoba singh and rajen singh of manipur, have expressed their willingness to join the bjp.
on the fresh crisis in the party in karnataka after nine ministers offered to quit yesterday in support of b.s. yeddyurappa, he said that bjp is a democratic party and differences are bound to be there.
we will resolve the differences amicably, he added.
the democratic republic of congo ambassador (the woman getting into the car) with the cousins (behind her) of murdered congolese national masonda ketanda olivier after meeting foreign ministry officials in new delhi on monday.
(prem singh) new delhi, may 30: the narendra modi government today turned to its top diplomat to soothe angry african students upset over racial crimes but failed to convince them to drop a planned street protest tomorrow amid worries of a diplomatic blowback during key upcoming visits to the continent.
foreign secretary s. jaishankar met 16 students from different african countries, joined by a clutch of senior indian officials, to try and convince them of the government's seriousness in ensuring their safety.
ensuring safety and security of foreign students is an article of faith for us, jaishankar told the students, according to foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup, before posing with them for photographs that the government swiftly made public.
but by evening, african student leaders here had made clear that the meeting had not convinced them enough to give up a march tomorrow in protest against the murder of 29-year-old congolese student and teacher masonda ketanda olivier in the indian capital on may 21.
what the indian government is doing is good but not nearly enough, cyril mudilele, a friend of olivier's, a fellow congolese and an engineering student, told the telegraph.
crime can happen anywhere but, in india, it happens against us even in the presence of the police.
that can't be acceptable.
late evening, the president offered some balm to the grieving and upset african students, in a statement that represented the first act of self-reflection from the government since olivier's murder.
the recent attacks on african students are extremely painful, mukherjee said.
it would be most unfortunate if the people of india were to dilute our long tradition of friendship with the people of africa and the welcome we have always extended to them in our country.
african students in india should have no reason to fear for their safety and security.
the association of african students in india (aasi) had on may 26 sought permission from delhi police for a protest march from the home ministry headquarters in north block to police headquarters at the crowded ito junction here.
but delhi police, in a letter to the students' body, rejected their request, instead allowing them only to protest at jantar mantar, a street about a kilometre from parliament and the hub of political demonstrations here.
over 1,000 students from over 40 african countries are expected to gather there tomorrow morning at 10am, bused in by the aasi from greater noida, faridabad and different parts of new delhi.
earlier, on monday, the government withdrew junior foreign minister v.k. singh as its points-person to address the grievance of the african community in new delhi.
singh, who had met the heads of african missions here last week, had yesterday called the latest series of attacks on africans in south delhi minor scuffles and questioned the news media for highlighting them.
singh's comments only added to a sense within the african community that the modi government was not serious enough in addressing their worries.
instead of singh, birender yadav, joint secretary in charge of relations with west africa, drove down to delhi airport to meet olivier's cousins who had flown in to take back his body.
the indian diplomat conveyed heartfelt condolences, swarup said.
the foreign office also told olivier's cousins that the indian government would bear all the expenses for the repatriation of the body.
later in the afternoon, the cousins accompanied the ambassador of the democratic republic of congo to the foreign office for a second meeting with yadav.
yadav told olivier's cousins that foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had already sought a speedy trial.
family members thanked for the help rendered, swarup said.
for the modi government, calming tensions with the african students is critical because the current crisis comes at a time new delhi is reaching out to africa with a series of high-profile visits, the first since the prime minister came to power.
vice-president hamid ansari will be in morocco tomorrow when the african students protest here.
ansari then heads to tunisia.
modi is expected to travel to mozambique, kenya and south africa in july.
president pranab mukherjee is scheduled to visit nigeria and ghana later this year.
already, the allegations of racism faced by africans in india, resurrected by olivier's murder, have sparked worries over the questions indian leaders are likely to face when they visit africa.
i will not deny that this incident has not had any impact, swarup said last week in response to a question from this newspaper, before referring to a threat issued by african envoys here that they would ask their countries to stop sending more students to india.
the fact that the african heads of missions were forced to issue a statement shows that there was a depth of concern on their part.
for many african nationals here, olivier's murder was only a reminder of the daily racism they face.
ola jason, a nigerian professional actor who lives in chattarpur in south delhi, recalled an incident last october when his car was attacked by local residents, unprovoked.
jason had dialled 100, the police helpline, and an officer did arrive soon.
but the police officer, instead of arresting the men who had attacked jason's car, asked them only to pay the nigerian some money.
repairs on the car eventually cost jason rs 46,000, he said.
the men who attacked him paid rs 10,000.
they were just allowed to go, jason said.
that would never happen in my country if a man attacked an indian.
for the africans gathering tomorrow for the protest, the indian government's refusal even now to accept racism as a factor behind the attacks represents a sore that is hard to heal.
this is beyond a crime, jason said.
this is a racist act.
and unless the indian government seriously punishes the guilty, this will happen again.
islamabad, april 12 (pti): pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and army chief general qamar javed bajwa today agreed not to come under any pressure on kulbhushan jadhav, the former indian naval officer sentenced to death on spying charges, according to a media report.
they agreed not to come under any pressure, samaa tv reported without giving details and only saying that general bajwa took sharif into confidence on the issue of jadhav.
they discussed matters pertaining to the preparedness of the army, besides the current security and border situation, radio pakistan reported.
it was the first direct interaction between the army chief and the prime minister.
general bajwa also apprised sharif about the progress made in radd-ul-fasaad, an ongoing operation launched by the army to eliminate terrorism.
the meeting came two days after the army chief approved the execution of jadhav following a military court's death sentence for espionage and sabotage activities, evoking a sharp reaction from india.
sushma warned that his execution would be viewed as pre-meditated murder and asked pakistan to consider the consequences on bilateral relations if the sentence was carried out.
sushma termed the charges against jadhav concocted and his trial farcical, leading to an indefensible verdict.
india has said jadhav was on business in iran and was kidnapped and taken to pakistan.
an indian tweeter who calls himself @engineer_gt on saturday asked foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj why, despite being the only one most sensible in the bjp, she wanted to call herself a chowkidar.
ma'm we thought you were our foreign minister.
the only one most sensible in bjp.
why do you call yourself chowkidar, @engineer_gt asked.
sushma replied: because i am doing chowkidari of indian interests and indian nationals abroad.
around 2.
25 pm, when the status of the minister's messages was checked, the minister's handle showed that her reply was pinned.
users generally pin their own tweets when they want visibility for it or want to send out a message.
a pinned tweet, unless it is unpinned, appears as the topmost tweet on the user's page, thereby gaining visibility.
the question to sushmaswaraj came after multiple tweets from the minister on an indian couple who were stabbed in munich.
sushma, as she has done several times before, was giving details on the case and the indian consulate's effort to assist the family.
the reply by her triggered a wave of well said mam tweets.
it also elicited a response from @niiravmodi - his display name is chowkidar nirav modi - who wrote: madam, i am also doing chowkidari of my interest and mota bhai interest.
bas jail taj hotel mein rakhna hai.
among these largely adulatory messages, were some tweets that asked how long the ministers would continue to call themselves chowkidars.
@sushankmandal wanted to know: ma'am aap chunawo se phele toh aapne aap ko chokidar nhi bolti thi.
yeh naam badalne wala natak kab tak chalega (you never called yourself chowkidar before the approaching of the elections, ma'am.
for how long will this name changing drama be on).
to be fair to @sushankmandal, he did mention that he knew that sushmaswaraj is a hardworking minister.
the oddness of the chowkidar prefix got a more nuanced poke from @chawlamanu.
madam you have been always doing that selflessly throughout your political career.
it seemed a bit odd to us to see the salutation in front of your name, he wrote.
many sushmaswaraj fans also admonished @engineer_gt for asking such a question.
neither sushmaswaraj , nor any ministry official had replied to the tweets till afternoon.
one of the most unnecessarily complex relationships in indias political culture is the one between the bharatiya janata party and the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh.
the former sees the latter as its parent body.
the rss, by its own admission, is a cultural organization dedicated to the resurgence of what it defines as hindu culture and values.
the bjp is a political party that participates in indian democracy in its various facets, and when it wins elections and power, its members swear loyalty to the indian constitution, which upholds secularism.
there are historical links between the rss and the bjp since the latter evolved out of the hindu mahasabha and the jan sangh, both of which saw the rss as their parent.
the historical links between the rss and the bjp are thus twice removed.
what is more important is that the objectives of the two formations are explicitly different and divergent.
yet the bjp sees itself as being tied to the rss by apron strings, if not by an umbilical cord.
the recently concluded appointment of the president of the bjp illustrates the kind of influence the rss wields over a political party.
it is obvious that on important matters, such as the selection of a president, the bjp, for reasons best known to itself, pays token obeisance to the rss.
yet, it is evident that the bjp or rss had very little choice except to appoint rajnath singh, which is what happened.
that nitin gadkari could no longer continue as the president was a foregone conclusion.
the options closed when it became obvious that no one was quite prepared to choose between sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley.
there may have been a tacit recognition that both these leaders make excellent lieutenants, but do not quite make the number-one slot.
they are therefore best left undisturbed in the positions they respectively hold in the two houses of parliament.
the mantle of the presidency thus had to fall on mr singh in the absence of any serious and credible contenders.
there are two things that need to be noted.
one is the influence that the rss continues to exert over what can only be described as political affairs.
the other is the fissures that exist within the bjp: it is not as united as appearances would suggest.
the rss, bjp and other associated organizations pride themselves on being part of the sangh parivar.
like any other family, the sangh parivar is not free of its internal tensions, some of them unnecessary and unbecoming.
new delhi, sept.
12: the bjp today urged president pranab mukherjee to thwart the congresss dangerous attack on the comptroller and auditor general and on the entire constitutional mechanism designed by our founding fathers to ensure accountability and transparency.
a delegation comprising l.k. advani, murli manohar joshi and opposition leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj handed over a petition against the congress when the party made its first political call on mukherjee since he assumed charge at rashtrapati bhavan.
the congress has questioned the credibility of the public accounts committee as well as the cag  the former, when it presented its report on the 2g spectrum allocation, and the cag on the 2g and the coal block allocations.
in their memorandum the bjp picked not so much on the congress as the prime minister.
what is most shocking are the statements of the prime minister in parliament and public on august 27, the memorandum said, quoting manmohan singhs comment about the cags observations being clearly disputable.
the bjp alleged that by issuing such a statement, the prime minister was, in fact, converting a bipartisan discussion in the pac into a highly polarised debate and inferred that it would make the panel totally dysfunctional.
mukherjee reportedly told the team he would look into their complaints.
the congress accused the bjp of hypocrisy.
the bjp should recall its behaviour when it was in the government, spokesperson rashid alvi said, recalling that arun shourie had rubbished the cags methodology of computing losses as idiotic when the disinvestment ministry he headed was faulted for the sale of mumbais centaur hotel.
new delhi, sept.
13: nepal's new prime minister pushpa kamal dahal, better known as prachanda, is expected to invite his indian counterpart narendra modi to his country when he visits new delhi this week, in a gesture aimed at signalling an end to year-long tensions between the neighbours.
the invitation is expected to form a part of a series of bilateral visits the two sides might finalise during prachanda's trip - which starts on thursday - to avoid a repeat of the downward spiral in ties that began with nepal's adoption of a controversial new constitution last year.
senior officials from both countries independently confirmed to the telegraph that president pranab mukherjee is also expected to visit nepal in early november.
nepal had blamed india for a blockade along their border that starved the himalayan nation of food, medicine and fuel through most of last winter.
but india, which rejected the charge, argued that it was nepal's failure to address domestic political concerns - the madhesi community, unhappy with the constitution, was enforcing the blockade - that was to blame.
k.p. sharma oli, who was nepal's prime minister then, had twice accused india of trying to unseat him and recalled his country's ambassador, deep kumar upadhyay, on charges of conspiring with new delhi.
the prachanda government has reinstated upadhyay at the embassy in new delhi, and the two countries need to learn from their recent tensions, visiting foreign minister prakash sharan mahat suggested today.
both countries have to introspect, mahat told reporters here before leaving for kathmandu this morning.
i think the coming visit of the nepalese prime minister will be very fruitful and we will start a new chapter of our relationship.
mahat, who met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, power minister piyush goyal, water minister uma bharti, national security adviser ajit doval, bjp leader ram madhav and congress leader janardhan dwivedi yesterday, was here to prepare for prachanda's trip.
but though mahat indicated the nepal government was ready to introduce fresh constitutional amendments sought by the madhesi community, he insisted that any changes were nepal's internal matter.
our constitution is basically very inclusive but of course there is scope for improvement as there is no constitution in the world which is perfect, mahat said.
whatever change that needs to be amended is completely internal nepali process and based on demand and aspiration of the people of nepal, we will keep on improving our constitution.
mahat said nepal had held multiple rounds of negotiations with different stakeholders, including the madhesi community.
we are taking it very seriously but it is a subject which the nepal parliament, nepal government and nepal people will decide, mahat said.
new delhi, june 3: mexico will seek india's shoestring-budget space technology to launch its own satellites when prime minister narendra modi visits the country next week on a trip that could kick-start new delhi's most sustained engagement with the key latin american country in recent years.
modi will spend only a few hours in mexico city, locked in talks with mexican president enrique pea nieto next wednesday before joining his host in a special dinner for the indian prime minister, and then returning to new delhi.
but the visit to mexico, the world's 15th largest economy and the largest source of investment from latin america in india, comes 30 years after rajiv gandhi made the last standalone bilateral visit by an indian prime minister to the country.
the two countries have come closer - from bilateral trade to reforms of multilateral institutions like the un - in this period.
but the absence of a bilateral visit by an indian prime minister to mexico in this period stands out since indian prime ministers have made such trips to every other g-20 country since rajiv's 1986 trip to mexico city.
we've been courting each other for more than 60 years, mexico's ambassador to india, melba pria, told the telegraph in an interview at the country's embassy here.
it's time we went a step beyond that, and married our interests.
india's membership bid to the nuclear suppliers group, a key export control group, increasing trade and investment, and diversifying an economic relationship heavily dependent on oil purchases from mexico will form key themes of modi's talks with pea nieto, officials said.
but india's space programme appears set to provide the unlikely diplomatic fillip that could send the relationship into orbit.
in 2014, the indian space research organisation successfully put a spacecraft in the orbit around mars with a budget less than what was spent on the hollywood film gravity.
we think we can benefit from india's space programme, in launching our own satellites - whether for communication or weather monitoring, pria said.
for mexico, modi's visit to the country next week is quite not the consummation of their relationship.
this will be a brief working visit, and mexico is expecting the indian prime minister to pay a full-fledged official visit next year.
in between, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has promised to visit mexico in september for a meeting of the bilateral joint commission that sets the template for the relationship by identifying areas for potential cooperation.
but next week's visit is critical because it comes at a time both countries are trying to drive up their trade and two-way investments.
bilateral trade currently stands at $6.
4 billion (rs 43,000 crore) annually.
there is a real growth in trade, but there is a sense that there's much more we can do with mexico, foreign secretary s. jaishankar said today.
both countries also want to diversify trade and investment.
india is mexico's largest buyer of crude in asia, and oil constitutes two-thirds of the trade relationship at present.
but other sectors, including manufacturing in mexico - the world's largest producer of many electronic goods, including led televisions - and india's information technology represent opportunities ripe for exploitation, pria suggested.
within the energy sector too, mexico is keen to broaden its partnership with india - beyond just oil, to cover clean energy.
what we are looking at is a strategic energy partnership, pria said.
a partnership that looks at both traditional energy forms and clean energy, including solar, where there is great interest on both sides.
sushma swaraj pointed out that islam literally means peace and none of the 99 names of allah means violence.
attending the meeting in the shadow of heightened tension between india and pakistan following the killing of 40 crpf personnel in kashmir's pulwama district by the pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammed, swaraj, who is the first indian minister to address the meeting of 57 islamic countries, said very few muslims in india have fallen prey to the poisonous propaganda of radical and extremist ideologies.
terrorism and extremism bear different names and labels.
it uses diverse causes.
but in each case, it is driven by distortion of religion, and a misguided belief in its power to succeed, she said.
during her nearly 17-minute speech, she did not mention pakistan.
terrorism and extremism bear different names and labels.
it uses diverse causes.
but in each case, it is driven by distortion of religion, and a misguided belief in its power to succeed.
sushma swaraji carry the greetings of my prime minister narendra modiji and 1.
3 billion indians, including more than 185 million muslim brothers and sisters.
our muslims brothers and sisters are a microcosm of the diversity of india itself, the minister said at the meeting, which was boycotted by pakistan foreign minister shah mehmood qureshi.
pakistan had written a letter to the oic demanding withdrawal of the invitation to the plenary after new delhi's counter-terror operations in pakistan on february 26.
sushma swaraj pointed out that islam literally means peace and none of the 99 names of allah means violence.
similarly, every religion in the world stands for peace, compassion and brotherhood, swaraj, who was the guest of honour at the meeting, said.
the minster said she is a representative of a land that has been for ages a fountain of knowledge, a beacon of peace, a source of faiths and traditions, and home to religions from across the world  and now, one of the major economies of the world.
they have diverse culinary tastes, myriad choices of traditional attire, and they maintain strong cultural and linguistic heritage of the regions they loved and have lived for generations.
new delhi, july 15: maneka gandhi today wrote to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj requesting children of single mothers be allowed to exclude their father's name from their passports, a day after a divorced mother launched an online petition with the demand.
sources in maneka's women and child development ministry said her letter had been spurred by priyanka gupta's change.org petition, addressed to her ministry as well as the foreign and home offices, which had collected 25,000 signatures by this evening.
have received petitions where #mother/#child have insisted that name of the father should not be mentioned in #passport, maneka tweeted today, tagging sushma.
the petitions involved cases in which the father had abandoned the mother and the court had granted custody of the child to the mother.
she added: the current guidelines for #passports warrant the name of the father as a mandatory requirement.
i have requested smt @sushmaswaraj ji to look into the matter & get necessary modifications done in the rules for issuance of #passports.
in her letter, maneka has cited a delhi high court judgment that said earlier this year that in the case of single mothers, her name alone would suffice for her child to apply for a passport.
when the government had argued that the passport office software didn't accept a single parent's application for her child, the court said that this did not make it a legal requirement.
it also cited how, on two previous occasions in 2005 and 2011, passports had been issued without the father's name, which makes it evident that the said requirement is not a legal necessity but only a procedural formality.
after the verdict, the government gave the relief to the daughter of the petitioner, a single mother, but did not change the rules for others, prompting gupta's petition.
my husband abandoned my daughter and me when she was born just because she was a girl.
he never looked back and doesn't even care whether we're dead or alive, gupta's petition says.
recently, i applied for the passport of my daughter.
my daughter doesn't want her father's name on the document.
our application was denied and we were told that both names are required.
gupta says the passport office's logic was that her husband's name occurs in her daughter garima's birth certificate ---- although the college-going teen's aadhaar card, voter id card and bank account only carry a single parent's name: her mother's.
she told the telegraph the passport office demands the father's name wherever it's possible to identify a father, making an exception only for the children of single adoptive mothers.
why should a divorced woman suffer?
she asked.
gupta said she had applied for her daughter's passport in 2014, when garima was a minor.
she got the passport only when i relented and put in her father's name.
she hates me for it.
my humble request is for the prime minister and the home ministry to look into this matter and help single parents, both fathers and mothers.
garima says she doesn't want her father's name on her passport.
i need my passport, it's a necessity, but i don't want it with the name of a man who abandoned us because of me being a girl.
to him, i am dead and honestly, i don't care about him either, she has said in a comment attached to her mother's petition.
i have my voter's identity card, aadhaar card, my 10th and 12th pass certificates --- all in my name and my mom's, then why not my passport?
our special correspondentbhutans king jigme khesar namgyal wangchuck, queen jetsun pema and theirson prince jigme namgyel wangchuck being received by sushmaswaraj swaraj atnew delhi airport on tuesday.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: india on tuesday went out of its way to welcome the bhutanese royal family with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj receiving the couple and their toddler son at the airport, two months after the himalayan nation was at the centre of a face-off between india and china.
usually, junior ministers receive foreign guests and whenever the protocol is set aside, it is a signal of the importance being attached by new delhi to a visit.
external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar underscored this, tweeting a picture of sushmaswaraj with the royal family and stating special gesture for a valued friend.
eam @sushmaswaraj receives their majesties, the king, the queen and the gyalsey (prince) of bhutan.
during the four-day visit, king jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck will meet the president and the prime minister, who will also host a dinner for the royal couple.
they are likely to discuss plans for a befitting celebration of the golden jubilee of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries.
prime minister narendra modi could also bring up the bangladesh-bhutan-india-nepal road network project from which thimpu withdrew earlier this year after failing to get its parliament to ratify the motor vehicles agreement.
while bhutan is integral to india's neighbourhood first policy, this relationship is of particular significance to india because of the advantage new delhi has enjoyed in the mountain kingdom in comparison with china.
bhutan does not have official diplomatic relations with china, and beijing has been nudging thimphu to move in that direction.
india's relationship with bhutan is like none other in the region - it has maintained a training mission in the himalayan kingdom and financed much of the tiny neighbour's five-year plans.
in 2015, india accounted for 79 per cent of bhutan's total imports and 90 per cent of its exports.
with china's influence in the region growing, india would be keen to maintain its upper hand in bhutan, with doklam being integral to the establishment of diplomatic ties between beijing and thimphu.
in their dispute over 764sqkm, china - by all accounts - is open to giving up its claim on 495sqkm making up the jakurlung and pasamlung valleys in north-central bhutan provided thimphu relinquishes the doklam plateau, which is of strategic importance to both india and china because of its height at the tri-junction with bhutan.
as bhutan's political space has opened up with elections over the past decade, there is a fairly strong view in the country in favour of having a more balanced equation in the region rather than being solely in india's sphere of influence.
the royalty still wields considerable influence in bhutan and new delhi's charm offensive is being seen as part of the attempts to work with the king's office to maintain status quo.
rahul.
picture by prem singh new delhi, july 15: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today denied any government role in ved pratap vaidiks meeting with jamaat-ud-dawa chief hafiz saeed before going on to voice her disapproval after the cross-border tryst led to an uproar in parliament for the second day running.
i want to state categorically and unequivocally that the government has no link with vaidiks visit.
it was his personal visit and the government had no communication with him, she told both houses of parliament.
this meeting, the minister added, is not only worthy of disapproval but should also be condemned.
sushmas statement followed an internal probe by the ministry of external affairs into whether any official had been aware of vaidiks plans to meet saeed, officials said.
they said the foreign office had asked the indian high commission in islamabad to find out if any of its staff knew that vaidik, a former editor who describes himself as a senior journalist, was planning to meet saeed.
in a report today, the high commission said it was neither involved, nor aware, of any such plans.
ved pratap vaidik sushmas comments came as vaidiks july 2 meeting with the man india accuses of plotting the november 2008 mumbai attack rocked both the houses.
the lok sabha was adjourned twice and the rajya sabha thrice.
the minister spoke first in the lok sabha, where the congress protested at the well and demanded a clarification from the government.
the man (vaidik) is an rss man.
we are curious to know if the indian embassy facilitated this meeting, congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who joined his partys protest, told reporters outside the lower house.
the rajya sabha saw two adjournments in the morning.
another followed when the house reconvened at 2pm.
later, urban development minister m. venkaiah naidu assured the house that the foreign minister would clarify the governments position.
after sushmaswaraj arrived around 4.
30, leader of opposition in the house ghulam nabi azad said the congress did not say that vaidik was an emissary of the government but wanted a clarification regarding national security.
deputy leader of opposition anand sharma said there were lingering doubts about how and who facilitated the meeting with saeed.
congress mps asked why the bjp was not protesting like it had done when kashmiri separatist leader yasin malik met saeed a few years ago.
the bjp had asked for his (maliks) arrest (then), party mp digvijaya singh said.
bjp leader mukhtar abbas naqvi took potshots at the congress, quoting from a write-up by vaidik that allegedly said he is close to rahul.
it triggered immediate protests from the congress benches, with some mps demanding that the remark be expunged.
venkaiah naidu intervened to say that if the remarks were derogatory, the bjp had no problem in expunging them.
sushma spoke last, repeating what she had said earlier in the day in the lok sabha.
she also said the government would share the high commissions report with parliament.
new delhi, dec.
30: the bjp scored high on coinages such as fleedom at midnight but tiptoed around specifics such as how far it will go to put the upa on the mat on the lokpal bill.
the bjp claimed the upa government had lost its majority in parliament after the fiasco in the rajya sabha and, therefore, had no right to continue in office for even a day.
opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley addressed a media conference together to convey the outrage.
a government which shies away from a vote and uses extra-constitutional methods to avoid a vote loses both political and moral authority.
we demand that the prime minister and his government must now resign and seek a fresh mandate on their version of the lokpal bill.
let india decide whether it wants this governments version of a weak lokpal or our version of a strong lokpal, sushmaswaraj declared.
alluding to jawaharlal nehrus memorable speech, jaitley said: at the stroke of midnight yesterday, nehrus legatees committed the biggest parliamentary fraud.
if that was freedom at midnight, this was fleedom at midnight.
the government fled from a vote.
the kind of language the congresss allies and friends used shows the coalition equipoise was upset.
asked if the bjp would move a no-confidence motion against the centre  now that it seemed confident that numbers were not with the upa both the leaders were non-committal.
bjp sources said realistically, they did not expect a larger opposition unity to sustain for long.
the uttar pradesh poll outcome might be a game-changer because new matrimonial alliances might be in the offing.
what if the samajwadi and the congress team up to set up a government?
its not unthinkable, a leader said.
the bjps core group met this evening to firm up the contours of a protest that, sources said, might end up as a token one-day show against the murder of democracy.
from sunday, the leaders will be preoccupied in nominating candidates for the assembly elections for which the bjp is running against time.
the party also wants to assess the fallout of the rajya sabha drama on the ground and see if lokpal develops into an issue in uttar pradesh, uttarakhand and punjab where polls are scheduled.
sources said the input from the state leaders was these elections were mostly about local issues.
our information so far is that the anna hazare agitation has had some impact in the cities and towns.
theres a danger that if we play him up in our campaign, the minority votes might get polarised towards the congress instead of getting split among the so-called secular forces, an uttar pradesh leader said.
this is why the bjp is chary of trumpeting the rajya sabha saga as a victory despite the opposition outnumbering the treasury benches with help from the trinamul congress, samajwadi party and the bsp.
by the bjps admission, the prospect of a regrouping of forces was distant because the party had to enhance its political strength on the ground before expanding the four-member nda.
the secular-communal divide still remains a sticking point with leaders like mamata banerjee and chandrababu naidu, a leader acknowledged.
even on the limited point of co-ordination with the left in parliament, jaitley and sushmaswaraj sounded pragmatic.
asked if the bjp would continue co-ordinating with the cpm in parliamentary sessions, sushmaswaraj replied: only on those on which we converge.
she made it clear that the bjp did not back the lefts amendment to bring corporates under the lokpal or on bills on insurance and the pension regulatory authority.
new delhi, jan.
18: maneka gandhi has proposed that indian visa forms be amended to include a provision for declaration of an applicant's criminal history, if any.
currently, foreign nationals visiting india do not have to make any such declaration, although the visa forms of many countries - the us, the uk, canada and australia -have a column for recording any history of criminal convictions.
maneka has written to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pushing her proposal.
many foreigners who visit india have cases against them for child abuse.
it is unfortunate that we allow people to enter the country without any check on their criminal background, she told this newspaper.
have requested sushmaswaraj swarajji to revise visa format so foreign nationals with criminal record of child abuse don't enter india.
sources in maneka's women and child development ministry said her effort was to create a database of persons convicted of violent crimes, especially against children.
earlier, she had approached the home ministry for a database of convicted paedophiles in the country.
the home ministry is apparently in the process of creating a criminal registry, sources said, but is not keen to create a separate database of child abusers.
although many countries seek details of a visa applicant's criminal antecedents, rules on denying entry vary.
for instance, a visitor would be denied a us visa for crimes involving moral turpitude and aggravated felony.
but a visitor would be denied a uk visa only if a conviction has led to a jail term of over 30 months.
countries across the world deny entry to people with criminal history, ranging from drug peddling to trafficking.
there are countries where people convicted of specific crimes are barred.
we specifically want paedophiles to be barred, said an official of maneka's ministry.
questions on criminal history are not asked in european union application forms for visitor or business visas.
but germany follows different rules.
a visitor can be denied a visa a german visa if convicted for an offence related to public order, drug offence or trafficking.
visitors to australia can be denied entry if sentenced to a minimum jail term of 12 months, even if it is wholly suspended.
it is proposing to bar visitors convicted of domestic violence from entering the country.
in case a visa applicant is found to be lying about his or her criminal antecedents, many countries have strict provisions to permanently deny them entry.
there are concerns that maneka's proposal could lead to visa denials without sufficient scrutiny.
some say the proposal conflicts with the visa-on-arrival scheme - few details are sought, scrutiny is not tight - offered to tourists from 130 countries.
bs yeddyurappa new delhi, feb.
4: b.s. yeddyurappa had told bjp bosses it was either him or a mid-term poll and under no circumstances would he make way for a successor, a source close to him said.
it makes no difference to him even if this so-called successor is chosen with his nod.
the conundrum over the karnataka chief ministers continuance, which has exercised his supporters and detractors virtually from the day he assumed charge of a minority government, surfaced recently for two reasons.
one, bjp president nitin gadkari, assumed to be one of yeddyurappas strongest backers, said in beijing that the chief ministers controversial land deals were immoral but not illegal.
a source said some in the bjp wondered if gadkaris distinction was maintainable in politics where positions are made and unmade depending on perceptions of morality and not necessarily on legal verdicts.
two, after governor h.r. bharadwaj sanctioned his prosecution, the bjp was resigned to the eventuality that if a chargesheet was filed against yeddyurappa, he would have to go.
reportedly peeved with gadkaris answer, a source close to yeddyurappa said he sought a clarification from every leader in delhi excepting sushmaswaraj swaraj and ananth kumar.
the source said yeddyurappa made it clear that if he went, the government would go, the assembly would be dissolved and karnataka would face a mid-term poll.
sources in delhi said with a majority of only two, the government would have fallen if yeddyurappa weaned away seven or eight mlas.
they said no senior leader had yeddyurappas experience or skill in realpolitik or would have been able to crunch and keep numbers as he had done since may 2008.
the scenario they foresaw was that in an election a bruised yeddyurappa might go on his own with a new party  he once came close to quitting the bjp  and damage whatever little prospects it had of a return.
our aspirations of striking root in the south will end, a central party official said.
a more positive projection was if he was forced to quit following a chargesheet, it made political sense for yeddyurappa to drum up sympathy as a victim of the machinations of bharadwaj and the gowdas and appeal for another mandate.
hes very good at playing the martyr, he did it in the last election.
theres a groundswell of sympathy for him on caste and personal lines, thats our feedback, a source said.
not unduly perturbed with the congress strategy to blunt its anti-corruption campaign, the bjp has decided to brazen it out in parliament and go along with yeddyurappa.
the issue of change of land use is not new to yeddyurappas regime.
the preceding cms did it.
if it is a crime, then their crimes should also be looked into.
but i dont know since when land issue became a crime, a general secretary claimed.
new delhi, june 30: the narendra modi government today discovered how a reputation for administrative efficiency can attract uncomfortable demands for speed in decisions officials would rather let simmer.
french foreign minister laurent fabius cited the new indian governments emphasis on efficiency to press for quick finalisation of a rs 100,000-crore deal for 126 fighter planes with french company dassault aviation that the upa government initiated in 2012 but never inked.
differences over technical specifications and costs have put the deal effectively on hold.
we should see with the new government, which is particularly keen upon efficiency and the implementation of administrative decisions which are taken, fabius told reporters after meeting foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
we shall see with the new government how to implement rapidly those decisions that are already taken and i will discuss that with the prime minister as well.
fabius described the talks with sushmaswaraj and later with defence minister arun jaitley on the rafale planes as positive.
he meets modi tomorrow.
french officials privately concede that paris remains jittery over the future of the proposed jet sale.
britain is leading a counter-offer from the eurofighter, developed by a consortium of british, german, italian and spanish companies.
uk foreign secretary william hague and chancellor george osborne are expected to visit in july.
neither sushmaswaraj nor jaitley committed india to buying the rafale jets, telling fabius they would defer to the opinions of technical and economic experts, officials said.
sushma did, though, commit to pursuing the nuclear agreement india had inked with france in 2009, which includes setting up a 9,000mw nuclear park at jaitapur, maharashtra.
india is also expected to accept an invite from french president francois hollande to modi to visit france soon, official said.
it is fair that for complex matters it takes some time, fabius said.
but there is a difference between some time and too long.
new delhi, aug.
26: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will lead an indian delegation of politicians, jurists and a bishop to the canonisation of mother teresa at the vatican on september 4, the foreign office confirmed today.
the foreign ministry also indicated sushmaswaraj would likely meet her italian counterpart during the visit.
the indian and italian foreign ministers have not met in four years and no cabinet minister has travelled to italy in this period, following tensions rooted in the killing of two kerala fishermen by two italian marines in early 2012.
sushma's meeting with her italian counterpart would represent a major ice-breaker between the nations that were traditional friends in key strategic sectors, including defence.
sushma will be aided by sujata mehta, secretary (west) in the foreign ministry.
sen at the event in santiniketan on sunday.
picture by indrajit roy santiniketan, dec.
28: amartya sen, nobel laureate and chancellor of nalanda university, today said the fee structure of the varsity should be re-examined.
i think our fees should be re-examined.
i don't think there is a possibility of people coming to this university to study history or ecology, spending the amount of money like that in iit or the institute of management and get jobs fetching fat salaries, sen said during a discussion on child health and school education.
the programme was organised by pratichi trust, which is chaired by sen, in santiniketan today.
the nalanda university was formally inaugurated in september this year by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
it offers two courses - history and environmental ecology.
the nobel laureate said there would be a board meeting on january 13 and 14 that would be attended by representatives from japan, china, singapore and thailand.
we will discuss the matter at the meeting.
sen told the gathering: in the earlier nalanda of 420ad, people had to come after proper studies.
they were advanced students.
sen further said there would be a change in some of the varsity's plans on courses.
we had earlier plans to introduce economics and management, which we will do.
we also had a plan to introduce information technology.
but in the field of it, there are opportunities in many places.
i think what is needed the most is a public health school (in nalanda).
this is my proposal.
the matter will be discussed at the january 13 meeting.
sen said less money is spent on health and education in india than in other countries.
in china, a lot of money has been spent in the education sector.
the pratichi trust, which sen heads, was founded in 1999.
the trust works towards curbing illiteracy and uneven access to education in india, child nutrition and the lack of basic affordable health care.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
file picturenew delhi, oct.
26 (pti): culture minister mahesh sharma on thursday condemned the attack on a swiss couple by a group of men at fatehpur sikri, saying it was a matter of shame for all indians.
he also said it was unfortunate that such an incident had taken place in the country.
i think the foreign minister has reacted to it.
it is a matter of law-and-order but as the culture minister and as a human being, i condemn the attack on the foreign tourists.
it is unfortunate, it should not have happened.
it is a matter of shame for us, sharma told pti.
i have just seen this.
i have asked for a report from the state government.
my officers will reach them in the hospital, swaraj tweeted.
the swiss couplequentin jeremy clerc (24) and his girlfriend marie droz (24) who came to india on september 30, have been quoted as saying in news reports that they had been strolling near the railway station at fatehpur sikri when the group of men first started following them and subsequently, attacked them.
according to reports, the swiss nationals were found lying on the ground bloodied and bruised even as the bystanders kept taking photographs and making videos of their plight.
according to the national crimes records bureau (ncrb), crimes against foreign tourists have fallen by 29.
4 per cent in the country.
from 384 such cases in 2014, the number came down to 271 in 2015.
these findings are part of the first analytical report on crimes against foreign tourists, furnished by the tourism ministry.
the ncrb started profiling crimes against foreign tourists since 2014.
the swiss couplequentin jeremy clerc (24) and his girlfriend marie droz (24) who came to india on september 30, have been quoted as saying in news reports that they had been strolling near the railway station at fatehpur sikri when the group of men first started following them and subsequently, attacked them.
according to reports, the swiss nationals were found lying on the ground bloodied and bruised even as the bystanders kept taking photographs and making videos of their plight.
new delhi, aug.
26 (pti): cracks within the erstwhile team anna were exposed today when kiran bedi skipped the days protests, saying she didnt agree with the idea of targeting the bjp along with the congress.
i had informed the team of my personal perspective, that we ought to focus on the ruling party as bracketing the opposition (with the congress) right now, when they are already attacking the ruling party, will benefit only the party in power, bedi said.
i am being objective in this, she added.
i have no political affiliation, inclination or expectations.
i am just being realistic.
bedi said the group should not forget the support the bjp had offered on the lokpal bill.
mr (arun) jaitley, ms sushmaswaraj swaraj, mr (l.k.) advani and mr (nitin) gadkari were receptive to our suggestions.
they agreed to support in some ways  not in all, though.
but at least they were not dismissive as the ruling party.
why must we forget this?
she said.
she added that the arvind kejriwal-led india against corruption, whose leaders have decided to join politics, could not become an alternative to the existing political system overnight.
kejriwal and prashant bhushan had insisted earlier that bedi would join the protest.
kejriwal had said yesterday that bedi was completely with the group but admitted that her viewpoint on the matter at hand was slightly different.
ramashankarpatna: the siwan district administration on saturday sent blood samples of 15 close relatives of five persons who went missing in iraq, for dna tests.
the union ministry of external affairs (mea) had sought blood samples of the five siwan residents and one from neighbouring gopalganj district in north bihar to ascertain if those missing had been killed in iraq where they had gone in search of jobs.
the blood samples of the 15 close relatives of the missing persons have been sent to the ministry of external affairs and to the central forensic science laboratory, hyderabad, for dna test, siwan district magistrate mahendra kumar told the telegraph on saturday.
the mea had, last week, directed the district magistrate to collect samples of the missing persons' close relatives for dna test.
some bodies suspected to be of indian origin were found in iraq.
those missing belonged to andar, siwan sadar and zeradei blocks of the district, he said.
another missing person was said to be a resident of gopalganj district.
siwan civil surgeon shiv chandra jha said special kits (fta card) were requisitioned from the hyderabad-based laboratory to collect blood samples of the relatives.
the samples were sent by a special messenger on saturday.
though the district administration had been provided the list of missing persons, the officials preferred not to disclose their names as of now for some reason.
the relatives were summoned to the siwan sadar hospital to collect their blood samples.
the family members had been pressuring external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for several months to trace the whereabouts of their kin in iraq.
a senior health department official in patna said the mea sent a directive to the state health society in patna to collect blood samples, which was subsequently forwarded to the siwan district administration.
the directive came through the resident commissioner of bihar bhawan in delhi.
america has its own significance, argued sushmaswaraj swaraj, the new indian external affairs minister.
the first woman to have independent charge of this portfolio, her brief remark was made on her first day in office.
from the outset, it would seem as though all was well in indias dealing with the united states of america.
to be sure, her counterpart  the us secretary of state john kerry  was the first international diplomat to congratulate the minister.
yet, insiders suggest that there is something left to be desired in a relationship that requires urgent political attention.
the modi governments focus on the neighbourhood and east asia  and specifically japan  concerns those who realize the importance of america.
what is needed, it could be argued, is ownership.
owning a relationship places a certain undeniable burden on diplomatic actors and representatives more inclined, but less able, to take one another for granted.
an especially potent point, given that narendra modi was banned from entering the us.
there is a crucial need for those in the white house and the newly staffed prime ministers office to take a longer view of a relationship forged over a period of 65 years.
both countries have spent more than six decades building what might be called diplomatic resilience, largely overcoming narrower bureaucratic scepticism and even cynicism.
some light examples of how such resilience took root are worth recollecting  for instance, president roosevelt made allowances for indian leaders, like jawaharlal nehrus sister, to visit the us even though their passports were confiscated by british authorities.
for nehru, washington was the most important diplomatic post.
asaf ali was appointed as indias first envoy a few months prior to independence.
even dwight eisenhower, who once referred to indians as funny people, was later forced to admit that india was a country that america could work with.
indira gandhi, let down by richard nixon in 1971, was quick to realize the virtue of better relations with america a year later.
her envoy to the us, t.n. kaul, was tasked with fixing the relationship.
manmohan singh spent the last decade further strengthening such resilience on an equal footing.
he took ownership over a process that led to the completion of a landmark civil nuclear agreement with the us in 2008.
while the agreement itself remains a matter of legislative dispute in the indian parliament, it has allowed 40-odd members of the so-called nuclear suppliers group to export much-needed nuclear material to india.
this option simply did not exist following the indian nuclear tests in 1974.
unlike in the late 1990s, when the bjp-led coalition came to power, arguments on and around what jaswant singh once called nuclear apartheid no longer dog indias advance.
in the present time, and matters to do with modis visa ban aside, both incumbents are well placed to take advantage of history and the determination offered by their respective predecessors.
this will not be easy.
while the pmo may struggle to see virtue in taking any major diplomatic step, the white house seems more and more interested in shifting its focus away from south asia to east asia and north africa.
obamas foreign policy speech on may 28 suggests the same.
importantly, india was mentioned once  as a nation whose rising middle classes competed with those in america.
further, the somewhat irresponsible and short-sighted decision to reduce americas military commitments in afghanistan to a couple of thousand troops by 2016 will have a deterministic impact on india.
this, coupled with an impending trade war around patents and intellectual property, india is one of ten nations on the us trade representatives 2014 priority watch list, will require delicate diplomacy.
as far as the obama administration is concerned, the desperate need for symbolic gestures cannot be overstated.
three out of four previous indian national security advisors  brajesh misra, j. n. dixit and shiv shankar menon  hardly needed convincing about the merits of engagement with the us.
for those allegedly less persuaded about the same  like m.k. narayanan, special envoys, and forward-looking foreign secretaries were able to step-in.
of course, the former prime minister was himself invested.
the modi pmo is likely to be a lot more centralized than before.
to be clear, many of the prime ministers foreign policy advisors and well-wishers appear cautious about dealing with the us.
breaking this logjam will require something more than offers to renegotiate rankings in the ustr list  a possibility left open by way of an out-of-cycle review scheduled this fall.
it will require appointing a permanent us ambassador who is personally invested in the idea and notion for improvement.
figures like this are not easy to identify even in history.
a clue could be found in the published diaries of chester bowles, and perhaps even in john kenneth galbraith.
both ambassadors chose to serve in india under the truman and kennedy administrations respectively.
indeed, if they were able to sway elite opinion at a time when anti-imperialism remained the convenient and well-entrenched rallying cry for some within india, there is nothing to suggest that a figure of similar determination  even if not stature  can invite enthusiasm in a relationship desperately in need of ownership.
equally, and with regards to india, it is imperative not to forget the more recent past, marred by successive crises.
in the kargil war of 1999, president clintons intervention and discussions with nawaz sharif shaped the way in which hostilities ended.
in 2002, following the terrorist attacks on the indian parliament, the efforts of the bush administration helped deny the potential for war.
america serves as a useful arbiter in times of crisis.
this certainly does not mean that india should adhere to american demands.
in fact, past cases suggest that this is more unlikely than commonly assumed.
while both sharif and modi appear convinced about better india-pakistan ties, the potential for crises remains high.
hence, it is prudent diplomacy to keep all available channels for negotiation open.
to this end, and given the limited spirit for america at the present time, it would be opportune to appoint a principal to remain in quiet contact with counterparts in the us.
as history shows us, envoys and interlocutors can do a lot more for vision, inspiration and material support than those adhering to the strict confines of bureaucratic politics.
new delhi, oct.
23: the narendra modi government plans to set up an information technology college in the west bank, its first development project in palestinian territory that comes at a time the prime minister has indicated he is keen to deepen strategic ties with israel.
the india-palestine centre of excellence in information and communication technology, as the institution will be called, will offer 11 courses in software programming, business computing, quality assurance and project management, senior government officials aware of the plan told the telegraph.
but more than offering academic courses, india is hoping the new centre  to be set up in ramallah  will help assuage concerns within the palestinian leadership over perceptions that the modi government is tilting towards a closer bear hug with israel.
indias commitment to the palestinian cause, while maintaining our friendship with israel, remains unchanged, as weve said several times, an official said.
independent india was among the first nations to recognise palestines aspirations of statehood.
india and israel had no embassies in each others nations till 1992.
since then, ties with israel have enjoyed bipartisan support from the two major national parties  the bjp and the congress.
israel assisted india with missiles during the kargil war.
but no indian prime minister had met his israeli counterpart since 2003, till the meeting between modi and israels binyamin netanyahu in new york on the margins of the un general assembly in september-end.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also met her controversial israeli counterpart avigdor lieberman, who has in the past suggested increasing israeli settlements in the west bank, called some arab members of the knesset (israels parliament) terrorists and once advocated bombing egypt.
officially, indias opposition to israeli settlements in the west bank remains firm, and new delhi continues to support the right of palestinians to a separate state that coexists alongside israel.
but netanyahus statement after his meeting with modi, where he said the sky is the limit in ties with the new indian government, isnt empty rhetoric.
india recognises that it has far too much to gain from stronger ties with israel  the only stable democracy in west asia other than iran  to allow cold war sentimentalities to cloud its diplomatic judgement.
israel is a world leader in several areas of cutting-edge research, is a major arms supplier to india, is a potential investor and shares common threats from extremist islamist groups.
those factors were evident in the modi governments refusal to allow parliament to pass a resolution condemning israel during the 2014 clashes between tel aviv and the hamas in gaza that led to the death of over 2,200 people, mostly palestinian civilians.
as the conflict raged and the body count mounted, sushmaswaraj blamed the hamas in parliament for rejecting a peace plan proposed by egypt.
yet, even supporters of closer ties with israel within indias strategic establishment are averse to losing whatever remaining clout new delhi enjoys with the palestinian leadership.
theres a lot to gain from stronger ties with israel, a lot more than with palestine, another official said.
but theres a lot to lose by appearing to give up on palestine.
over seven million indian nationals work in west asia where the demand for palestinian statehood widely resonates.
domestically in india too, any break with the traditional commitment to palestine is fraught with political risk.
the upa government that modi defeated began building two schools in the west bank, but their construction remains stuck because of the conflicts and blockades that hold back infrastructure projects in the palestinian territories.
new delhi, march 7: the bjp appears set to firm up its merger with the bsr congress in karnataka, headed by a scam-stung leader, despite the objections raised by lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
sushma and l.k. advani iterated their reservations to the president, rajnath singh, when they met him today.
karnataka bjp leaders stressed they very much want the merger to be formalised at the earliest and said some of them would be in the national capital tomorrow to speak to sushmaswaraj and try and convince her.
bjp sources said the leaders were going through the same rituals of speaking over and over again with sushmaswaraj , as they had when she and advani had put their foot down on b.s. yeddyurappas re-entry.
if she remained unmoved, they would go ahead and announce the merger.
underlying the strategy to rope in ostensibly marginal players like the bsr congress is the view that although several states may be awash in the modi wave, the bjp would have to focus on each and every lok sabha seat to maximise its returns from the supposed wave.
it is a tight situation.
more than anyone else, modi realised that this wave cannot be taken for granted, the elections are not going to be a cakewalk for him.
to him, the crucial figure to be achieved is 200 and above,a source said.
if the bjp is the single largest party but stuck at 170 or 180, then the field becomes wide open for a joust to claim the leadership sweepstakes.
sushma swaraj is waiting in the wings, rajnath singh fancies himself as a liberal and accommodating leader in the vajpayee mould, while advani has not ruled himself out.
modis safety net is something like 220, a figure vajpayee never dreamt of at the height of his popularity, the source added.
therefore, closer to the polls, modi and the bjp have changed tack and embarked on two tactics: stitching alliances with smaller parties with a vote share not to be sniffed at and cherry-picking candidates from other parties who left in search of greener pastures or to be rewarded with tickets.
apart from the bsr congress and the lok janshakti party, the bjp is negotiating with the dmdk, pmk and mdmk in tamil nadu, the tdp in andhra pradesh and the apna dal in uttar pradesh.
it has or is roping in winnable deserters from other parties like d. purandeshwari and jagdambika pal of the congress.
in many places, the bjp is facing a candidates crunch.
accepting responsibility for an error is another way of saying sorry.
this is exactly what the prime minister did when he told parliament that he had made an error of judgment in appointing p.j. thomas as chief vigilance commissioner and he accepted full responsibility for this mistake.
this might be read as a very noble and gracious gesture befitting a man of manmohan singhs stature and integrity.
what will go unnoticed is that the prime minister expressed his regrets on the wrong issue and by so doing he diminished the authority of the government he leads.
the appointment of the cvc is an executive prerogative; what documents are considered relevant for the appointment should therefore also be a part of the prerogative.
there is no proof as yet that mr thomas is guilty as charged.
he is, as of now, innocent by the laws of the land, and has the reputation of being an honest officer within his peer group.
it is indeed unfortunate that the case against mr thomas has dragged on for over a decade.
by delaying justice the judiciary has underlined the saying, justice delayed is often justice denied.
if the judiciary had pronounced its verdict with reasonable swiftness, the present problem would not have arisen at all.
as the matter stands, there is nothing to show that there were any mala fide motives behind mr thomass appointment.
by admitting a public interest litigation, the supreme court cast a shadow on the prime ministers integrity and on an innocent officer.
the prime minister had no reasons to regret this since he had acted within the ambit of his prerogative and out of the best possible motives.
there was, however, a different aspect of the same issue that the prime minister should have noted.
in appointing mr thomas, the prime minister and the home minister, p. chidambaram, ignored the principle of consensus that is so critical to democratic governance.
this principle has been set aside in other appointments as well  for example when navin chawla was made the chief election commissioner and more spectacularly when an unknown lady was made the head of the indian state.
mr singh succumbed to the lure of using the principle of majority.
in the appointment of mr thomas, he could have easily followed the suggestion made by sushmaswaraj swaraj who was a member of the high-powered committee and was in favour of appointing any of the other two candidates who were on the short list.
by ignoring consensus, mr singh embraced controversy.
it is ironic that the prime minister sought controversy when consensus was possible; and he has conceded ground to the apex court when confrontation would have borne the stamp of his executive authority.
india expects more from its scholar prime minister.
new delhi, june 11: sitaram yechury today lodged a protest with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj alleging use of government machinery abroad to further the political objectives of the bjp.
the cpm general secretary alleged that a poster released by the overseas friends of the bjp to observe international yoga day on april 19 in malaysia claimed support from the indian high commission, the ministries of external affairs and ayurveda, yoga, unani, siddha and homeopathy (ayush), and the indian council for cultural relations.
he attached the poster with his letter.
yechury, a rajya sabha mp, said he was drawing the minister's attention in his capacity as a member of the consultative committee of the ministry of external affairs.
he said the public declaration that a voluntary unofficial event is being officially supported by your ministry, its mission in malaysia and other organisations of the government of india was a very serious matter that needs to be properly investigated.
south sudan soldiers in juba after the clashes.
(reuters)new delhi, july 11 (pti): india is putting into place an evacuation plan for its nationals from south sudan which is witnessing escalated violence between anti- and pro-government forces.
it has advised indians not to travel to the war-torn country.
we are planning evacuation of indian nationals.
please register yourself with indian embassy and do not panic.
indian nationals are advised not to travel to south sudan.
in its latest advisory, the ministry of external affairs said indians who want to leave south sudan may register themselves at the email id: [email protected]the security situation in juba, the capital city of south sudan, has deteriorated since july 7, 2016.
we have reports of gunfire and fighting on the streets of juba making any movement virtually impossible.
the ministry of external affairs advises all indian nationals against all travel to south sudan till situation improves, the ministry said in its latest advisory.
yesterday, the embassy had asked stranded indians to stay calm, assuring them that they are in constant touch with authorities in india.
new delhi, july 23: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today accused pakistan of working with un-designated terrorist hafiz saeed to incite violence in india, joining an increasingly bitter verbal joust with islamabad over the kashmir crisis.
sushma ridiculed pakistan's criticism of killings in kashmir during protests against the death of a hizb commander, citing islamabad's use of planes and artillery to quell rebel movements.
the country which has used fighter planes and artillery against millions of its own people has no right to point a finger against our brave, professional and disciplined police and other security forces, she said, referring to balochistan and the northwest frontier province.
their restraint and respect for their fellow citizens is evident in the unusually high number of injured personnel - more than 1,700 - in the violence unleashed with the support from across the border in jammu and kashmir.
pakistan, she said, was colluding with 26/11 accused saeed in inciting terrorists in india.
the permanent representatives to the un of both india and pakistan had last week traded allegations - islamabad accusing delhi of rights violations, and delhi calling islamabad a supporter of terrorism.
new delhi, may 1: india will clear its dues worth $6.
5 billion for oil imports from iran in a phased manner by paying cash.
ahead of prime minister narendra modi's visit to tehran in the third week of this month, officials are engaged in discussions to work out the exact amount payable to iran, which has sought interest on the accumulated dues.
the persian gulf nation has said the exchange rate volatility may erode its earnings if the interest is not thrown in.
indian officials have agreed to the proposal in principle.
they are also keen on working out a payment mechanism for the past dues and future transactions as the two sides have scrapped an interim system of payment in rupees following the lifting of western sanctions on iran earlier this year.
for the last three years, indian refiners buying crude from iran paid 45 per cent of their bill in rupees and the remaining 55 per cent accumulated in a notional account, pending finalisation of a payment mechanism.
after the lifting of sanctions, iran reconnected to the swift international payment system, which means india can pay the remaining $6.
5 billion through normal banking channels.
petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had visited iran last month and said india wanted to significantly ramp up engagement in the oil and gas sector of that country.
the issue of the pending dues had also figured in the meetings.
swaraj had conveyed to the iranian leadership that india was keen to invest in joint ventures in the oil and gas sector of tehran where foreign investors are rushing in to get early footholds following the lifting of sanctions.
india is also finalising deals to develop the chabahar port to link up with the central asian states and afghanistan.
it has also built a 200-km road from the nimroz province in afghanistan to chabahar as part of a trilateral pact on connectivity.
the central asian nations and india hope to use the recently developed corridors to bolster trade and connectivity.
new delhi is keen to develop the farzad-b gasfield in the persian gulf discovered by ongc videsh ltd (ovl).
a deal for the field was not signed during pradhan's visit as the iranian parliament, majlis, is yet to approve the new iran petroleum contract under which the farzad-b field is to be given to the ovl-led consortium.
indian companies have so far shied away from investing in iran for the fear of being sanctioned by the us and europe.
the same was deterring new delhi from claiming rights to invest nearly $7 billion in the biggest gas discovery made by an indian company abroad.
however, india is now making a renewed pitch for rights to develop 12.
8 trillion cubic feet of gas reserves ovl had found in 2008.
new delhi, nov.
4: the congress has long claimed him.
narendra modi these days regularly invokes him.
now, the prime minister and the principal opposition party have a fresh competitor aggressively claiming the legacy of mohandas karamchand gandhi  distant south africa.
south africa, where gandhi worked for 21 years, is planning to pitch indias most famous statesman as its own in grand, year-long celebrations to commemorate his path of peaceful resistance, a senior visiting minister from the country said here today.
the till-now unannounced commemorations  scheduled for next year  will follow south africas celebration of 20 years of the end of apartheid.
nelson mandela, who led south africas struggle against the apartheid regime, famously considered gandhi the inspiration behind his own belief in non-violent resistance.
you may have owned some part of him, but we like to think we owned a better part of him, lindiwe nonceba sisulu, the south african minister for human settlements said, responding to a question from the telegraph.
south african president jacob zumas cabinet has approved the celebrations for 2015, a century after gandhi returned to india to lead the freedom struggle here based on lessons of passive self-resistance he had learned in south africa, sisulu said.
she discussed the celebrations later in the afternoon with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the proposed celebrations have been planned at a time south africa faces criticism from many nations and civil rights groups over its repeated refusal of a visa to another champion of non-violent protests  the dalai lama.
this is certainly an initiative we will support, but the timing is unexpected, an indian official said, pointing to celebratory events south africa also held in 2006 marking the centenary of gandhis first satyagraha in south africa against a discriminatory law.
why do this again?
but while south africa under mandela and his successor presidents thabo mbeki and now zuma has always articulated its gratitude to gandhi, and the two nations has cited gandhi as an exemplar of their deep ties, the 2015 celebrations may be different, sisulu indicated.
we would like to stake a claim to his legacy in our history too, sisulu, an african national congress (anc) veteran, said.
but modi and the congress, caught in verbal duels over suggestions that the prime minister is trying to usurp the gandhi legacy from the party he belonged to, neednt worry about being left out of the south african celebrations.
south africa will invite both modi and senior leaders of the congress, which enjoys historical relations with the anc, sisulu said.
in fact, modi, when he was still chief minister of gujarat had in january this year told me we should celebrate the 2015 centenary, south africas high commissioner to india france morule said.
were confident of the response well get.
that response may be shaped, at least in part, by the apparent ongoing battle between modi and the congress over the legacies of gandhi and other national leaders like sardar patel.
during the lok sabha election campaign, modi repeatedly referred to gandhis statement arguing that the congress, post-independence, could be dissolved, to seek support for a congress-mukht bharat (congress-free india).
modi has also invoked gandhi after he took over as prime minister.
his swachh bharat campaign has a deadline to clean india by 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of gandhi.
the campaigns logo is a sketch of gandhis spectacles.
last week, the prime minister called patel an inseparable part of gandhis legacy.
patels birth anniversary was celebrated as a day of national unity.
modi as chief minister had launched a project to build a patel statue taller than the statue of liberty.
president ram nath kovind and prime minister narendra modi welcome iranian president hassan rouhani during a ceremonial reception at rashtrapati bhawan in new delhi on saturday.
picture by prem singhnew delhi, feb.
17 (pti): prime minister narendra modi on saturday held talks with iranian president hassan rouhani to boost cooperation in key areas of security, trade and energy, after which the two sides inked nine pacts, including one on double taxation avoidance.
the two leaders also deliberated on regional situations during their wide-ranging talks.
both leaders held substantive & productive discussion on cooperation in trade & investment, energy, connectivity, defence & security & regional issues, external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
addressing a joint press event with rouhani, modi said the visit by the iranian president shows how the two sides want to deepen cooperation in key areas, including connectivity.
giving details of their comprehensive talks, modi said they discussed threats posed by terrorism, drug trafficking and other challenges.
on his part, rouhani said, we are determined to combat terrorism and extremism.
the iranian leader said that regional conflicts must be resolved through diplomacy and political initiatives.
pm modi appreciated the way the iranian leader provided leadership in developing strategically-important chabahar port.
apart from tax pact, the two sides also exchanged instrument to ratify the extradition treaty as well as to simplify visa process.
earlier, rouhani was given a ceremonial welcome at rashtrapati bhavan.
in the morning, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on rouhani and discussed various issues with him.
march 18: pakistan's foreign office told the indian high commission in islamabad this evening that the country's law enforcement agencies had found two sufi clerics from new delhi's nizamuddin shrine reported missing for the past two days.
but indian officials here indicated they had received signals that the clerics were unofficially detained by pakistan's intelligence agencies over suspected links to the muttahida quami movement (mqm) that islamabad accuses new delhi of funding.
the two clerics - syed asif nizami, 82, and his nephew nazim ali nizami, 66 - had reached lahore on march 8 and were to return on march 20 after visiting syed's sister in karachi.
but the two were separated at lahore airport, according to accounts shared by their family with indian authorities - based on conversations nazim had with his family - when the older man was allowed to board a plane, but the younger man was stopped.
their phones were switched off since then.
today, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj dialled her de-facto pakistan counterpart sartaj aziz and asked him to intervene in the search for the clerics.
india had formally requested pakistan to help find the clerics on thursday.
i spoke to mr sartaj aziz, pakistan pm's adviser on foreign affairs, regarding missing indian nationals, sushmaswaraj wrote on twitter.
he assured me of all help in tracing the missing clerics.
hours later, the pakistan foreign office told the indian high commission that the clerics had been found in sindh province and had since reached the home of syed's sister in karachi.
but indian officials cited indications from the clerics and pakistan that suggested their disappearance and reappearance were linked to pakistan's intelligence.
over the past two days, indian officials in islamabad who enquired with pakistan officials about the clerics were told they had no reason to worry unless the clerics had links to dubious organisations or individuals.
the clerics' family in karachi was also reluctant to cooperate with the indian high commission in islamabad, officials said, suggesting pressure from pakistan authorities.
independently, indian officials confirmed that syed's sister had once had links to the mqm, one of sindh's most powerful political parties - but also an organisation vilified by pakistan's establishment.
the mqm's exiled leader altaf hussein faces multiple charges of treason and pakistan has accused him of receiving funds from india to destabilise the country.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the withdrawal of the uk candidate from the race for a slot in the international court of justice ensured that india's justice dalveer bhandari bagged all the 15 votes in the un security council.
justice bhandari had been falling short of the necessary majority in the council because of the hegemony enjoyed by the five permanent members - china, france, russia, the uk and the us.
in the 193-member general assembly - where india came close to a two-thirds majority in the final round of polling last week - he got 183 votes.
the icj statute mandates that only candidates who win a majority in both - voting simultaneously but separately - can make it to the court at the hague.
the verdict came around 3 in the morning, but external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted immediately: vande matram - india wins election to the international court of justice.
jaihind.
hours later the prime minister tweeted too: congratulations to eam @sushmaswaraj and her entire team at mea & diplomatic missions for their untiring efforts that have led to india's re-election to icj.
our deep gratitude to all the members of unga as well as unsc for their support and trust in india.
as if on cue, other ministers posted similar messages - celebrating india's victory over a p5 country - and many in the opposition also joined in.
justice bhandari - elected to the icj in 2012 against an unscheduled vacancy - will now be on the world court for a full term of nine years beginning february 2018.
he is the fourth indian in the icj.
new delhi, aug.
1: the us for the first time today hinted at willingness to speed up wto negotiations on food security to unblock new delhis opposition to a key trade pact, after a meeting between prime minister narendra modi and secretary of state john kerry.
kerry repeatedly told modi that indias move to block the wto agreement would send confusing signals to a world community excited by the indian leaders promise to open up the economy to foreign investments, us and indian officials independently confirmed.
but modi responded that his government could only back the wtos trade facilitation agreement (tfa) if the global body simultaneously hastens negotiations on food security.
the stand, spelt out during the hour-long meeting, appeared to have prompted the us to grudgingly consider indias demand.
the main concern the prime minister seemed to be putting out is that they wanted some degree of simultaneity of having tfa and food security issues move forward together, a senior us state department official said in a media briefing after the meeting.
i think thats where perhaps there is some movement of trying to move forward with their (indias) concerns on food security at a faster pace that would allow them to unblock their concerns on tfa implementation.
officials  both indian and american  cautioned that all the modi-kerry meeting had achieved was to create an opening for the nations on a subject that has triggered public accusations and counter-accusations, and has clouded kerrys visit to india for a bilateral strategic dialogue.
that opening, the officials said, would need to be built on by trade negotiators of both nations over the next few weeks for a lasting breakthrough on the dispute ahead of modis scheduled visit to washington in september-end for a summit with us president barack obama.
but if the opening created today does deliver a breakthrough, modi will have registered a major early victory in economic diplomacy, an element of foreign policy he has highlighted as a focus area repeatedly.
the dispute revolves around two wto agreements  one inked in bali last december, and the other the trade pact that was to be signed by july 31.
at bali, india and several other developing nations including china and indonesia  still largely agrarian economies vulnerable to the vagaries of rain  demanded a pact exempting them from a wto rule that bars members from stockpiling more than 10 per cent of food produce.
excessive stockpiling, the wto argues, artificially skews global food prices.
india and its allies argued at bali that only an exemption agreement would make them willing to sign a second, trade facilitation, agreement.
after negotiations that went down to the wire, the wto agreed to an agreement that sought to exempt india and other nations from the 10 per cent rule for four years, and promised further talks to decide on the future of the exemption after that period.
but india and other developing nations argued at geneva, where the wto met this week to seal the tfa, that the body had not moved at all on its promised talks on the future of the food security exemption.
wto agreements need a consensus among members, and with no breakthrough, negotiators broke up talks last night.
kerry articulated us concerns to his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, and us commerce secretary penny pritzker  who is travelling with kerry  reiterated washingtons opposition to indias position when she met commerce minister nirmala sitharaman yesterday.
today, they repeated those concerns when they met modi, citing the prime ministers own pro-trade track record.
the secretary (kerry) noted that as the prime minister is very focused on this signal of being open for business and on creating opportunity, that the failure of implementing the tfa sends a confusing signal and undermines the very message that india is seeking to send, the state department official said.
modi responded not by bluntly refusing to negotiate, but by suggesting to kerry a possible solution to the impasse that affects trade rules across the world.
the prime minister emphasised the need for developed countries to understand the challenges of poverty in developing countries and their governments responsibilities in addressing them, when discussions take place in international forums, the prime ministers office said in a statement on the meeting with kerry and pritzker.
that possible solution  parallel talks on the future of the 10 per cent exemption and on the tfa  had been discussed by trade negotiators in geneva.
but coming from the prime minister, the suggestion pointed to a political attempt to break the deadlock.
that was a signal kerry, a long-time senator who was the 2004 democratic party presidential nominee, appears to have understood.
rahul gandhi in delhi on monday.
picture by prem singhbefore rahul gandhi, several national leaders have contested from two or more lok sabha seats in a single general election.
the congress president, who will contest from wayanad in north kerala besides amethi in uttar pradesh, will follow in his mothers footsteps and will be in the same club of multi-seat contestants as narendra modi, atal bihari vajpayee, mulayam singh yadav and lalu prasad, among others.
since independence, elections have allowed candidates to represent more than one constituency.
in 1996, an amendment to the representation of the people act, 1951, limited candidates to two seats.
atal bihari vajpayee in 1957, 1991, 1996balrampur, mathura and lucknow in uttar pradesh in 1957as an activist of the bharatiya jana sangh, vajpayee contested from three constituencies in the second general election in 1957.
he won from balrampur, finished as runner-up in lucknow and forfeited his deposit in mathura.
vidisha in madhya pradesh and lucknow in uttar pradesh in 1991he won both seats against congress candidates, getting over 50 per cent of the vote share.
gandhinagar in gujarat and lucknow in uttar pradesh in 1996again, he won both seats.
in lucknow, the samajwadi partys raj babbar had contested against vajpayee.
indira gandhi with grandchildren priyanka and rahul.
telegraph file pictureindira gandhimedak in andhra pradesh (now telangana) and rae bareli in uttar pradesh in 1980indira defeated vijaya raje scindia in rae bareli.
in medak, she won against s. jaipal reddy, who was then with the janata party.
sonia gandhi.
pti file photosonia gandhiamethi in uttar pradesh and bellary in karnataka in 1999in amethi, she won with a massive margin of 3 lakh, defeating the bjps sanjay singh.
in bellary, sonias contest was against the bjps sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was in the fight as the country-bred beti taking on the videshi bahu.
swaraj lost by more than 56,000 votes.
like amethi, bellary too was considered a traditional congress seat.
but bellary turned saffron in 2004 and has remained so since.
mulayam singh yadav.
telegraph file photomulayam singh yadavsambhal and kannauj in uttar pradesh in 1999; mainpuri and azamgarh in 2014mulayam defeated the bjps chaudhary bhupendra singh in sambhal.
he had won sambhal in the general election the previous year too.
he won kannauj but relinquished it.
in 2014, mulayam won both mainpuri and azamgarh in an election that saw the bjp sweep the state with 71 seats.
he relinquished the mainpuri seat where his grand-nephew tej pratap singh yadav was re-elected in a bypoll.
lalu prasadlalu prasadchhapra and madhepura in bihar in 2004; saran and pataliputra in bihar in 2009rashtriya janata dal chief lalu prasad defeated the bjps rajiv pratap rudy.
in madhepura, he beat sharad yadav of the janata dal (united).
sharad yadav was defeated thrice from madhepura, including twice by lalu prasad in 1998 and 2004.
lalu was up against rudy again in saran and won.
he lost pataliputra to janata dal (united).
akhilesh yadav.
telegraph file photoakhilesh yadavfirozabad and kannauj in uttar pradesh in 2009akhilesh won both the seats.
kannauj sent akhilesh to the lok sabha in 2000 after a by-election win.
the seat vacated by his father after he chose to represent sambhal.
narendra modi.
pti file photonarendra modivadodara in gujarat and varanasi in uttar pradesh in 2014modi had announced his desire to contest from varanasi by saying: varanasi mujhe ma ganga ne bulaya (ma ganga has called me to varanasi).
bjp veteran murli manohar joshi was the mp from varanasi and had to forego the seat.
he contested from kanpur and won.
modi got more than 55 per cent votes and won varanasi.
aam aadmi partys arvind keriwal had challenged modi in varanasi and lost by a margin of 3,71,784.
narendra modibeijing: prime minister narendra modi and president xi jinping will hold an informal summit in china's wuhan city on april 27 and 28 as efforts at a rapprochement gather pace after a testing year in bilateral ties.
sources said the two leaders would have a heart-to-heart chat to try and reset ties, frayed by the doklam standoff and delhi's alarm at china's expanding security and economic links in south asia.
modi's previously unannounced wuhan trip - which will be his fourth visit to china in his four years as prime minister - is unusual in that he will visit china again early in june for the shanghai cooperation organisation summit.
such back-to-back trips to the same country by a head of government are almost unheard of but sources said the june summit of eight countries would have offered modi and xi little room for a lengthy interaction.
sources said the wuhan meeting had been conceived on the lines of then prime minister rajiv gandhi's ice-breaking 1988 visit and his far-reaching talks with china's paramount leader deng xiaoping that set a new tone in relations after the 1962 war.
modi's government seems to have realised in recent months that its hard line on china is not working, and has tried a course correction.
xi jinpingone of the fallouts has been a rebuff to the dalai lama in the form of an unprecedented ban on tibetans holding a rally with the monk in delhi to mark the 60th anniversary of his exile.
india and china were locked in a 73-day military standoff last year in doklam, a remote and high-altitude stretch of their boundary that, at one point, saw their soldiers throw stones and punches.
china's belt and road initiative of transport and energy links, which bypasses india but involves almost all its neighbours, became another bone of contention because a part of it runs through pakistan-occupied kashmir, ignoring india's sovereignty concerns.
also, china has blocked india's membership of a nuclear cartel, the nuclear suppliers group, and vetoed un sanctions against pakistani terrorist leader masood azhar.
but since wang's visit to india last december, the first after the doklam standoff, india and china have held a series of high-level interactions.
these include two meetings between national security adviser ajit doval and his chinese counterpart yang jiechi, a beijing trip by foreign secretary vijay gokhale, and sushma's current tour to participate in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation from monday.
the two countries have also held a joint economic group meeting and the fifth strategic economic dialogue here recently, as well as meetings on border affairs, cross-border rivers, disarmament and india's possible entry into the nuclear suppliers group.
new delhi, dec.
the lok sabha leader of the opposition accused the government of creating an atmosphere of cynicism in the country and blamed singhs alleged lack of leadership qualities for the delays in decision-making.
she scoffed at the prime minister for citing coalition compulsions as the reason for the failure to fast-track decisions.
we also ran a coalition government.
the nda had 24 constituents .
she said the government had failed to create the right atmosphere for the economy and that it was wrong to blame the opposition for this.
it is not pessimism but an atmosphere of cynicism .
more than policy, the right environment is important but here scams are surfacing every day, she said.
swaraj added that the reason bills were not being passed was not the opposition but the internal differences in the government.
her attack came in reply to the prime ministers speech.
while inaugurating the meeting, singh had said that those opposing reforms such as fdi in retail were ignorant of global realities or are constrained by outdated ideologies.
swaraj reaffirmed her partys opposition to fdi in retail and said the reform was dangerous for the country.
she said the governments argument  that the decision would boost local entrepreneurship since at least 30 per cent of the goods would be sourced from indian small and medium industries  was an attempt to fool the country.
the government has allowed 100 per cent fdi in small and medium-scale industries.
fdi will come and set up small and medium-scale industries and supply to the foreign retail giants.
it will kill local entrepreneurship, she said.
ficci president r.v. kanoria called for urgent introduction of the tax and said the ruling and opposition parties should practise bipartisanship and support the proposal in the countrys interests.
swaraj did not touch on the subject.
bishop theodore mascarenhas bishop theodore mascarenhas, auxiliary bishop to cardinal telesphore p. toppo, will be a part of the official indian delegation to rome to watch the sainthood ceremony of mother teresa on september 4.
probably, this is the first time that a bishop will be a part of the official delegation to the vatican.
i think i will be the only bishop in the indian delegation.
i am honoured, mascarenhas, who also holds the post of secretary-general of catholic bishops conference of india (cbci), told the telegraph.
the cbci is the highest policy-making body of the roman catholic church in india.
mother teresa will be officially declared a saint of the roman catholic church at a grand ceremony at st peter's square in vatican city.
the indian delegation, led by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, will leave for the vatican on september 2.
cardinal toppo is already in the vatican.
asked who else will be part of the delegation, the cbci secretary-general said: the composition of the official delegation is being finalised by the external affairs ministry.
i was asked to be a part of the delegation to which i have agreed.
i am not aware of the other dignitaries.
according to him, in addition to the official indian delegation, all the four cardinals from india, along with 41 bishops from across the country, will also go to rome to attend the canonisation.
from jharkhand, bishop telesphore bilung, another auxiliary to cardinal toppo, will witness the canonisation.
the total number of bishops going to the vatican might go up further.
cardinal toppo has already left.
the other cardinals from the country who are also slated to go are baselios cleemis catholicos, cbci president and the major archbishop of the syro-malankara catholic church, oswald gracias, archbishop of mumbai, and george alencherry, major archbishop of ernakulam-angamaly, he said.
a host of events has been planned for the special day, including a special mass in eight different languages, prayer vigils, exhibitions, musical soiree, release of a special st teresa stamp, a weeklong exposition on life, spirit and message of mother teresa from september 1, the special canonisation ceremony on september 4 and a thanksgiving mass for the newly canonised st teresa on september 6.
sushma swaraj new delhi, dec.
26: india is pressing its eastern neighbours for assistance in nabbing bodo militants and their financiers who may have slipped across the country's borders, as it battles to contain a massacre in assam and its aftermath that have claimed over 75 lives.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has spoken to the prime minister of bhutan, tshering tobgay, and is trying to set up a phone conversation with her myanmar counterpart wunna maung lwin to seek help, senior government officials here said.
i can confirm that the external affairs minister has spoken to the bhutanese leadership at the highest levels for their assistance in battling this scourge, foreign office spokesperson syed akbaruddin said.
this is because we have leads that some of those supporting those behind the violence may have crossed over into that country's territory.
key members of the leadership of the national democratic front of boroland (songbijit) - the militant group believed to have led the violence over the past few days - are in hiding in myanmar.
the government, officials said, is not ruling out the possibility of seeking help from bangladesh, too, if it gathers evidence that militants may have entered that country.
this is a difficult situation, and we will not hesitate to take all the help we can to meet this challenge, an official said.
bhutan, myanmar and bangladesh have in the past helped india capture terrorists belonging to both islamist and northeastern separatist groups.
but the assam crisis represents the first time the narendra modi government has had to turn to the eastern neighbours for help in anti-insurgency operations.
the violence began on december 23 when bodo militants attacked adivasis in three districts of assam.
the army is set to deploy more troops in parts of lower assam where simmering tension between bodos and tea tribes like the adivasis are threatening to escalate.
we will intensify operations, army chief general dalbir singh said after a meeting with union home minister rajnath singh.
the army is already deployed in the zone - for more than 15 years now - that is mainly in the area of responsibility of its 11 brigade headquartered in kokrajhar.
since october 1, said sources in the army, five ndfb-s militants were killed in operations and six were arrested in the kokrajhar and sonitpur districts.
sources in the home ministry said rajnath singh had told the army chief that troops should now go after the leadership of the ndfb-s.
he also iterated what the foreign office said - that the centre would talk to the governments of bhutan, myanmar and bangladesh to aid the operations.
but sources in the army said the years of deployment had made its troops familiar with the deep fissures and faultlines of the ethnic divides.
military operations in such complex social divides often risks tainting the army in political hues, a situation the top brass wants to avoid.
one reading in the army is that the latest round of violence was instigated by the rising rhetoric of village-level leaders for minor gains in local elections.
the army refused to comment on reports from assam that the police had an intelligence alert on the ndfb-s movements.
the army currently has around 2,500 troops in 66 columns in the zone where the violence took place earlier this week.
this deployment may be scaled up to about a 100 over the next few weeks.
we will be there to rebuild public confidence, the army chief said, and give support to the civil administration.
the army was using helicopters for aerial recce of the border areas through which the ndfb-s insurgents are suspected to have fled after the massacre.
new york, may 8 (pti): a 32-year-old sikh man was stabbed to death on friday outside the california grocery store where he worked, allegedly by a customer after a fight over cigarettes, becoming the third indian-origin murder victim in a week in the us state.
jagjeet singh, a clerk at the hatch food and gas convenience store, had come to the us 18 months ago and was staying with his sister and brother-in-law in modesto, california.
jagjeet, who is from punjab, allegedly had an altercation with a customer who came to buy cigarettes on friday, fox40 reported.
sukhwinder singh, another clerk at the store, said the quarrel began after jagjeet asked the customer for identity proof and refused to sell him cigarettes when he failed to produce any.
the man allegedly left the store mouthing racist abuses and warning jagjeet of consequences.
the entire sequence was captured by a cctv camera.
the customer returned 30 minutes later and stabbed jagjeet when he was about to close the store, sukhwinder said.
jagjeet was taken to hospital where he died of his injuries nine hours later, the report said.
indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to the indian ambassador to the us, navtej s. sarna, yesterday about the incident.
modesto police are yet to announce the motive behind the attack.
there has been no official word about the killer.
he was a hard-working, nice guy.
.
.
very calm, said monica rodriguez, another clerk at the store.
k.m. rakeshgali janardhana reddybangalore: scam accused former karnataka minister gali janardhana reddy has become a star bjp campaigner despite party president amit shah recently declaring the bjp had nothing to do with him any more.
out on bail after more than three years in jail custody on charges of illegal mining and export of iron ore, the flamboyant reddy is seeking votes for close associate b. sriramulu, bjp candidate from molakalmuru in chitradurga.
at a rally in molakalmuru on saturday, reddy shared the stage with madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and the bjp's chief ministerial candidate in karnataka, b.s. yeddyurappa.
the bjp has also fielded reddy's brothers somashekara and karunakara in the may 12 assembly polls.
when reddy was first spotted at a bjp campaign in chitradurga last week, the party's karnataka minder, muralidhar rao, had said that anyone was free to work for the party.
the question of the bjp assigning him any role does not arise as he's not even a member, party spokesperson s. prakash told the telegraph on monday.
told that reddy was seen campaigning for sriramulu and sharing a stage with yeddyurappa, prakash said the former minister had done it of his own accord.
we cannot stop him if he wants to campaign for someone.
but we did not seek his help or ask him to work for us.
according to the state lokayukta, the mining scam had cost the exchequer rs 16,085 crore between 2006 and 2010.
the report had also indicted then chief minister yeddyurappa, sriramulu, somashekara and karunakara.
none of them was arrested in the case or figure in the chargesheet, although yeddyurappa spent about three weeks in custody in connection with a related land scandal.
state congress working president dinesh gundu rao castigated shah in a tweet: serial offender @amitshah #jumla exposed.
he had recently said janardhan reddy has nothing to do with the bjp.
state congress vice-president b.l. shankar said: their national president took a stand that has been falsified on the ground, with reddy going around campaigning just as a party member would.
he added: this only shows the hypocrisy of that party, which talks against corruption.
they should at least have the courage to openly say that reddy is their member.
sons of a police constable, the reddy brothers had shot to limelight in 1999 when they rallied behind sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was contesting against sonia gandhi in the by-election to the bellary lok sabha seat.
sushma called them her sons as the reddy brothers pulled out the stops in the keenly fought election, which sonia won.
after the mining scam blew up in the face of the then bjp government, sushmaswaraj ignored an invite to attend the annual varalakshmi puja at the reddy home where she had been the chief guest for years.
our special correspondenttillerson with swaraj.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: india on wednesday made it clear to the us that it had no plan of closing down its diplomatic mission in north korea, instead offering the facility as a friendly channel of communication for washington in pyongyang.
we told the us side that trade with dprk (the democratic people's republic of korea) has come down; it's minimal.
as far as the embassy is concerned, our mission there is very small.
i told secretary tillerson it is important that the embassies of some of your friendly countries should remain there so that there are some channels of communication available when needed.
i feel he understood our position and appreciated it, she said.
if india held back on toeing the american line on north korea, new delhi was apparently unable to elicit a clear assurance from washington that its interests in iran, particularly the long-in-the-making chabahar port for accessing central asian markets, would be insulated from the fresh sanctions that president donald trump was planning to curtail iran's weapons programme.
to a specific question on the possibility of america's iran policy jeopardising indian and afghan interests in chabahar and the railway line india is supporting for connecting the southern iranian port to land-locked afghanistan in the hope of ending its reliance on pakistan for access to sea routes, tillerson saw no contradiction.
it is not our objective to harm the iranian people.
nor is it our objective to interfere with legitimate business activities which are going on with other businesses, whether they be from europe, india or agreements that are in place that promote economic development to the benefit of our friends and allies, tillerson said without referring to either chabahar port or the zahedan railway line.
neither did tillerson's opening statement make any reference to india's concerns over moves in the us to overhaul work visa programmes such as the h1-b.
we have also discussed the very significant contribution to the us economy of indian skilled professionals who travel and work under h1-b and l-1 visa programmes.
i have also sought secretary tillerson's support for resolution of the long-pending issue of totalisation and asked that nothing should be done by the us that adversely affects india's interests, the foreign minister said.
sushma indicated that india was working at two levels to protect the interests of indians working in the us on the two visas.
we are engaging with the white house and the state department (so) that no executive order is passed that could have an adverse impact on our citizens.
and, we are also reaching out to the congress to strive against the passage of the bills to change the existing provisions.
india has been trying hard for a totalisation agreement that will allow indian temporary workers employed in the us to repatriate the money they contribute towards america's social security when they leave the country.
our special correspondentnaresh agarwal in new delhi on monday.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: samajwadi party leader naresh agrawal on monday joined the bjp along with his mla son nitin agrawal, voicing a rude comment against jaya bachchan who was preferred over him for re-entry to the rajya sabha.
the new entrant's comment invited the wrath of foreign minister and bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj.
i was denied a rajya sabha berth and it was given to someone who dances in films.
that is even more painful, agrawal said while expressing anger over jaya being given a preference over him for re-entry to the rajya sabha by the samajwadi party.
agrawal's second rajya sabha term expires on april 2.
the comment against jaya, the veteran actor-turned-politician, drew a strong rebuttal from none other than sushma.
shri naresh agrawal had joined bhartiya janata party.
he is welcome.
however, his comments regarding jaya bachhanji are improper and unacceptable, sushmaswaraj tweeted in both english and hindi, seeking to reach out to a large audience.
agrawal, who was termed as an eminent personality, joined the bjp at the newly built party headquarters in the presence of railway minister piyush goyal.
his son, nitin agrawal, a sp mla from hardoi in up, also joined the bjp.
agrawal, who till recently had been making controversial comments against the bjp and even the rss, showered praise on prime minister narendra modi, amit shah and uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
agrawal's house had been attacked by suspected bjp workers over certain comments and he had alleged a threat to his life.
naresh agrawal should be impeached/expelled from parliament.
raw+nia should probe his relation with pakistan, a tweet from rss ideologue rakesh sinha had said in last december.
on monday, agrawal said: i am joining the bjp as i think that until you are in a national party, you cannot do anything for the society.
i am also impressed by pm modi, amit shah and up cm yogi.
the bjp is believed to have allowed him entry to get the vote of his mla son nitin agrawal and some other samajwadi mlas in the rajya sabha elections on march 23.
my son, who is an sp mla, is also joining the bjp and he will vote for the bjp in the rajya sabha elections, he said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, with ministers of state mj akbar and v.k. singh, releases a publication, during the ministry's annual press conference on completion of 4 years of the nda government, in new delhi on monday.
we are always ready for talks with pakistan but with a caveat that terror and talks cannot go together.
.
.
there cannot be a comprehensive dialogue till pakistan shuns terror, the minister said while addressing a press conference at the completion of four years in power of the narendra modi-led government.
jab seema par janaze uth rahe hon, to baatcheet ki awaaz acchi nahi lagti (when people are dying on the border, talk of dialogue is not appropriate, she added.
she was replying to a question on whether india-pakistan talks can take place after the general elections there.
however, she admitted that the nsas of india and pakistan meet to hold talks on terror.
the minister also hit out at pakistan over its gilgit baltistan order 2018 relating to administrative control over gilgit-baltistan, saying pakistan always distorts history.
pakistan tries to teach us history and geography.
it is one country which does not believe in rule of law and i would just say one thing to their answer 'look who's talking', swaraj asserted.
pakistan's cabinet on may 21 approved gilgit-baltistan order 2018 which was also endorsed by the assembly of the region.
the order is being seen as islamabad's efforts towards incorporating the disputed region as its fifth province.
india on sunday summoned pakistan's deputy high commissioner syed haider shah in new delhi and lodged a strong protest over islamabad's latest move, saying any action to alter the status of any part of the territory under its forcible and illegal occupation has no legal basis.
on monday pakistan termed india's claim over jammu & kashmir as spurious and said it contradicts everything from history to the situation on the ground.
our special correspondentmodinew delhi: the narendra modi dispensation appears politically keen on reining in expectations on the prime minister's summit meeting with chinese president xi jinping in the central china city of wuhan later this week.
evidently stung by the criticism of falling short on the promises made not just during the bjp's lok sabha election campaign but also in government, an effort is afoot to manage expectations from the modi-xi meeting on friday and saturday.
consequently, the build-up normally associated with any action of prime minister modi is missing this time round.
no pre-negotiated agreements have been lined up for inking after the summit as is otherwise the routine for such meetings.
the objective of this meeting is not to come out with an agreed set of documents but to have a direct communication on a wide range of issues to understand each other's positions, a source said.
by all indications, the two leaders will not allow themselves to be bogged down by specifics and irritants.
no joint statement or document of any sort is envisaged.
this is a meeting to build an understanding between the two leaders, a source said, dodging questions on what the summit would achieve when not much had come out of the bonhomie displayed between modi and xi during the high-on-optics visit by the chinese president to india in september 2014 that included a trip to ahmedabad and a stroll down the sabarmati riverfront.
xias two emerging countries who are also neighbours, there are risks involved and it is important to mitigate and handled those, a source said without dwelling on the details.
what makes the timing of the visit curious is that modi is anyway scheduled to visit china in june to attend the 18th meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation in qingdao.
however, the sources pointed out that xi would not be able to spend as much time with modi at qingdao as he would at wuhan because the demands of the sco would keep him preoccupied.
this week's meeting apparently has been in the works since december when chinese foreign minister wang yi had a bilateral session with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the sidelines of the 15th russia-india-china trilateral here.
at that meeting, both sides had agreed to keep the conversation going, seeing communication as the best way forward.
sushma had detailed it further by saying that to strengthen mutual trust and understanding between the two sides, it will be better to meet again and without agenda.
this week's summit fits that bill of meeting without an agenda.
the d'souzas in a picture from the family album agnes d'souza's mobile phone wouldn't stop ringing on friday, but not once to give the news that she desperately wanted to hear: that her younger sister had been found and was safe.
the 43-year-old schoolteacher's unending vigil mirrored the mood of her family since it emerged that judith, the youngest of the three d'souza siblings, had been kidnapped in afghanistan.
it had all started with a phone call at 1.
30am on friday.
the caller identified himself as an official of the indian embassy in kabul.
the person said, 'your daughter might have been abducted', recounted judith's father denzel d'souza, who has been ailing for some time.
the lights never went out in the first-floor flat at entally for the rest of the night.
she was so happy there.
.
.
she had never complained to us about security in afghanistan, said denzel of his youngest daughter, working as a senior technical adviser at the aga khan foundation.
judith was to be home on a month-long holiday from june 15 and had already bought air tickets for the trip.
we last spoke to her on wednesday.
both her mother and i spoke to her and she sounded so happy to come back home.
we were looking forward to her coming back, but now.
.
.
denzel said, choking mid-sentence.
i want to appeal to the central government and the chief minister to please look into the matter and bring my daughter back, pleaded the retired engineer, who needs dialysis twice a week.
agnes, who teaches english at loreto convent entally, said her youngest sister had been based in kabul since last july and had another year of her project term left to complete when the unthinkable happened.
she said nobody in the family had discouraged judith from working in kabul despite security problems because she enjoyed her work so much.
she liked the work, the place and also the people.
.
.
.
she was working with women and children.
she was coaching them about newer avenues to develop themselves, denzel said.
nobody in the d'souza family touched food on friday.
a phone call from the indian embassy in the afternoon did little to allay their fears.
we are on the job, denzel quoted the official who had called as saying.
family clings on to faith judith, who had studied at loreto day school in sealdah, was inspired by sister cyril to chart out a career different from the usual choices.
my daughter has worked at the grass-roots level, including villages in odisha, her father said.
elder brother jerome d'souza, who works with an ngo in bangalore, has been in touch with embassy and other government officials since hearing about his sister.
i am in constant communication with embassy and government officials and i am very pleased to see them being proactive.
we are sure judith will be found very soon.
i hope to get my sister back safe and unhurt, said jerome, 45.
we are doing everything to rescue her.
pl take care of your sick father.
jerome tweeted in response: thank you.
appreciate your support.
please, please help us.
we are very worried.
we have full faith.
he plans to reach calcutta by saturday to be with his parents and sister agnes.
my parents are aged and my sister is disabled.
this stress is too much for them.
i plan to be with them for a while.
neighbours of the d'souza family said they had seen judith grow up in the rented flat where they have been living for the past 35 years.
judith would call home from kabul every alternate day.
on friday afternoon, father denzel lay in bed after returning from a dialysis session, wondering when he would hear his daughter's voice again.
new delhi, june 20: the congress today alleged that rbi governor raghuram rajan had been hounded out and denied a second term because he was trying to clean up bank balance sheets and had gone after defaulters.
spokesperson jairam ramesh said the government was committed to protecting crony capitalists, as the party lashed out at the narendra modi regime over rajan's decision to step down on september 4, the day his three-year term ends.
rajan will be the first rbi governor since 1992 not to get an extension.
the denial of a second term to raghuram rajan is a clear indication that the modi government is not at all interested in cleaning up the balance sheets of banks.
rajan was trying to do that.
this government is determined to protect the suit-boot-loot corporate houses who have robbed banks and refused to pay back on time, ramesh said.
the signal is that rajan, who was going after bank defaulters, was not appreciated.
those who looted banks approached the rss and (bjp chief) amit shah and conspired to remove rajan.
the government is committed to protect crony capitalists, those who are aligned with the bjp.
yesterday, former union minister veerappa moily had said the rss and some ministers in the modi government had lobbied for rajan's exit.
ramesh said this government had already demonstrated its intention of protecting defaulters by helping liquor baron vijay mallya and former cricket administrator lalit modi who have both left the country under a cloud.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted yesterday saying 'ed has not sent us an extradition request on lalit modi'.
the finance ministry says we are bringing back lalit modi, the foreign ministry says something else.
it seems the distance between south block and north block is greater than the distance between delhi and london, ramesh said, referring to the seats of the two ministries.
he alleged that it was obvious the government was not interested in bringing back lalit, wanted in money-laundering cases.
it was the same with mallya, the party said about the tycoon, alleged to owe indian banks rs 9,000 crore in unpaid loans.
the enforcement directorate can't even make a proper extradition request.
(finance minister) arun jaitley is a lawyer and he can draft this request even in sleep.
the reason for the faulty request is lack of commitment, nothing else.
the congress also slammed the government for easing norms for foreign direct investment in pharmaceuticals and defence by removing a provision for cabinet oversight that the upa regime had put in place.
former defence minister a.k. antony said the decisions relating to the defence sector would affect india's independent foreign policy.
it is immediately after the prime minister's us visit that the government brought sweeping changes in the fdi policy.
the move poses a big threat to national security and india's independent foreign policy.
allowing 100 per cent fdi in the defence sector means india's defence sector is thrown mostly into the hands of nato-american manufacturers.
spokesperson anand sharma said: 100 per cent fdi in pharmaceuticals was already allowed through government approval to ensure critical areas are protected.
certain pre-conditions had been put in place to help the indian pharma industry.
the us pharma lobby had been pushing for removal of the pre-conditions.
the government has now surrendered under us pressure.
.
.
.
'betrayal', says sjm the swadeshi jagran manch, an rss-affiliate that has been critical of some of the modi government's economic policies, termed the centre's decision to relax the fdi norms a betrayal of people's trust.
opening up sectors like retail, defence and pharma to fdi and by relaxing norms is 'betrayal' to people of the country.
in doing so, this government has not done good to the country in general and local businessmen in particular, sjm national co-convener ashwani mahajan told pti.
new delhi, june 20 (pti): sixteen indians stranded in violence-affected areas of iraq have been evacuated and one of the 40 abducted indians has fled from the captors in mosul town, the government said today.
the developments came on a day prime minister narendra modi reviewed the situation at a high-level meeting that was attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, national security adviser ajit doval, cabinet secretary ajit seth, foreign secretary sujatha singh and heads of intelligence and security agencies.
external affairs ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin said the meeting reviewed the entire dimensions of the situation, taking into consideration all facts and information available to the government.
we can confirm to you that one indian has escaped and is in touch with our embassy in baghdad, akbaruddin said.
the 40 indians, who were working in a construction project, were abducted in mosul that was seized by the militant group isis.
he said the abducted indians were safe and noted that the government was making every effort so that it is resolved at the earliest.
asked about negotiations with the militants, the spokesperson said:: we are knocking on all doors, front doors, back doors and trapped doors.
eight indians have been evacuated from baiji while eight others were moved out from anbar.
they have since been flown out of baghdad.
iraq is witnessing strife with sunni militants, backed by al qaida, capturing two key cities and marching towards baghdad.
hundreds of thousands of iraqis have been displaced in the fighting that broke out on june 10.
asked whether the government was considering flying out indians stranded in iraq, the spokesperson said: when lives of our nationals are involved no option is off the table.
the government has decided to provide financial assistance through the indian community welfare fund to those indians in iraq who want to return to india but are having monetary problem.
instructions have also been issued to indian missions in countries around iraq to take up the matter with their host governments to facilitate indians who wish to cross the land boundary from nearest place of their stay, he said.
we have informed all our missions in the region to work on this matter with their respective governments to ensure that in case people want to cross land boundary they should be assisted, he said.
the indian mission has also taken up the issue of visa for indians stuck there as the passports of some of them are with their employers.
he said at least 120 indians were trapped in strife-torn areas which included 46 nurses in tikrit and 40 kidnapped indians.
16 have already been moved out of anbar and baiji.
information collected by the government from multiple sources have indicated that all the kidnapped indians are safe.
this information is coming to us not from one source but from a multiplicity of sources.
based on that, i can indicate to you that the indian nationals who have been abducted remain safe, the mea spokesperson said.
the indian mission in baghdad was in touch with various other diplomatic missions there to coordinate efforts to ensure the safety of indians.
benghazi, july 29 (reuters): libyan forces today battled islamist militants with rockets and warplanes for control of an army base in the eastern city of benghazi after at least 30 people were killed in overnight fighting.
intense fighting in benghazi, libyas second city, and battles between rival militias in the capital tripoli have pushed libya deeper into chaos after two weeks of the fiercest violence since the 2011 civil war ousted muammar gaddafi.
foreign states followed the us and the un in pulling diplomats out of the north african oil-producing state after clashes between two rival brigades of former anti-gaddafi fighters closed tripolis international airport.
a rocket hit a fuel depot near tripoli airport two days ago, igniting a huge blaze that libyan fire-fighters today were fighting to put out.
italys government and italian oil group eni had agreed to help them, the government said.
three years after gaddafi's fall, the opec nation has failed to control ex-rebel militias who refuse to disband and who are threatening the unity of the country.
the extent of recent hostilities has increased western worries that libya is sliding towards becoming a failed state and may once again go to war.
in benghazi, battles have intensified since special forces and regular air force units joined ranks with a renegade army general, khalifa haftar, who launched a campaign against islamist militants entrenched in the city, the home of the revolution against gaddafis more than 40-year rule.
india mission boostindia has rushed additional officials from north african and west asian countries to its mission in tripoli for assisting in the evacuation of nearly 6,000 nationals in libya, adds our special correspondent.
extra officials will also be deputed to the indian embassy in tunisia, which shares a border with libya.
the decisions were taken at a meeting foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj held today with senior officials at the foreign office.
the extra deployment of officials comes at a time several other nations are pulling out all diplomatic staff from the country.
anita joshuanew delhi: christmas 2017 and christmas 2015 have become a study in contrasts with emotive issues threatening to dictate india-pakistan relations.
new delhi on tuesday accused islamabad of violating the letter and spirit of an understanding under which the mother and wife of kulbhushan jadhav, the former naval officer sentenced to death on the charge of espionage and terrorism, were sent to pakistan to meet him.
the formal statement of protest coincided with a disclosure that indian commandos had crossed the loc and killed four pakistani soldiers in a tit-for-tat strike.
under the pretext of security precautions, the cultural and religious sensibilities of family members were disregarded, the foreign ministry said in a statement that detailed removal of the mangalsutra and bangles.
(see chart)the statement, issued after jadhav's mother avanti and wife chetna met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, took pains to point out that a pair of shoes was not returned to the wife and cautioned against any mischievous intent.
the suspicion is that pakistan may accuse india of planting a bug in the shoe to record the meeting.
sources in islamabad insisted pakistan had essentially followed prison protocol and the change of clothes was insisted on to rule out bugs.
since the meeting took place in the pakistani foreign office, a shipping container was custom-fitted to replicate a meeting room with prison-like specifications, including the glass partition, through which the conversation took place over a telephone.
the statement does not object to the meeting being conducted through a glass pane, indicating that this was agreed to in advance.
some sources in delhi suggested the indian statement was primarily aimed at the domestic audience.
having hard-sold a muscular form of national pride, the government did not want to toe a line of restraint and run the risk of the emotive details spilling out later.
two years ago, christmas spirit was the bilateral theme after prime minister narendra modi made a surprise visit to lahore and hugged the then pakistani prime minister, nawaz sharif.
new delhi, july 26: the narendra modi governments threat to block a key world trade organisation pact has injected early tension into its ties with the us and could cloud crucial talks with secretary of state john kerry next week.
kerry will be accompanied by commerce secretary penny pritzker for the indo-us strategic dialogue here on july 31, and the divide between the two nations on the wto trade facilitation agreement would be a key component of the bilateral talks, senior indian and american officials have told the telegraph.
the us had expected the modi government that came to power with the promise of economic reforms and subsidy cuts to soften indias demand for an indefinite exemption from wto rules against stocking up more than 10 per cent of a nations grain production, american officials said.
the american officials, who spoke on strict condition of anonymity, pointed to testimonies by senior representatives of the barack obama administration before the us congress in recent days as evidence that washington had expected a subtle shift in indias economic approach with the change in government.
instead, india yesterday reasserted its opposition to any trade deal at the wto that does not address its concerns over food security, rooted in the food security law the upa government had piloted and which the modi government has indicated it plans to implement.
its definitely something we expect to figure prominently in the talks next week and its not something on which we expect a breakthrough that will make both sides equally happy, an indian official said.
but this should serve as a reality check to all those who expect drastic changes in national policy with changes in government.
our allies need to understand that on key economic and strategic issues, there is a broad bilateral consensus.
kerry, who lands in new delhi on july 30, will lead the bilateral talks with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
pritzker will arrive here after a visit to mumbai where she will meet indian industry leaders.
kerry and pritzker will also meet modi.
the discussions are critical as they would dictate the agenda for summit-level talks between modi and obama when the indian prime minister visits the white house on september 30 after being boycotted by the us for nine years over allegations of human rights violations.
but the deep differences over the wto pact  aimed at laying down global rules on trade and tariffs  have altered the tone of officials from both sides in the lead-up to next weeks meetings.
my delegation is of the view that the adoption of the tf (trade facilitation) protocol be postponed till a permanent solution on public stockholding for food security is found, indian ambassador to the wto anjali prasad said at fridays geneva meet.
although indias position won support from most african and latin american countries, it provoked a swift reaction from the us, which effectively accused new delhi and its allies at the wto of violating their commitments made at a meeting in bali late last year.
it is no use to sugar coat the consequences of such action or to pretend that there would be business as usual in the aftermath, us ambassador at the wto michael punke said in a statement.
today we are extremely discouraged that a small handful of members in this organisation are ready to walk away from their commitments at bali, to kill the bali agreement, to kill the power of that good faith and goodwill we all shared, to flip the lights in this building back to dark.
the trade facilitation agreement the wto members are negotiating is expected to add over 20 million new jobs globally, many of them in emerging economies like india.
but an agreement that does not incorporate indias demands could expose new delhi to the risk of violating wto rules through the food security law, for which the modi government has allocated rs 1.
15 lakh crore in its first budget unveiled earlier this month.
the extent of the us surprise at indias position yesterday, officials said, can be gauged from testimonies of senior american government officials before the us congress twice in the past 10 days.
these testimonies dont specifically refer to the wto negotiations, but point to expectations that the modi government would adopt economic policies encouraging trade liberalisation more than its predecessor administration under manmohan singh.
while india is still ranked 134 out of 189 countries in the world banks ease of doing business ranking, the new government is already taking decisive steps to make india more open to the foreign businesses and investment that can help stimulate greater growth, assistant secretary of state for south and central asia nisha desai biswal told the us senate foreign relations committee on july 16 at a special hearing on the impact of modis victory on indo-us relations, in the context of kerrys upcoming visit to india and modis scheduled trip to washington.
there is much for us to take note of.
in preparation for pritzkers visit, the us had sent deputy assistant secretary of commerce arun kumar to india a fortnight back to hold talks with officials from multiple indian ministries.
on returning to washington, kumar had deposed before the us house of representatives foreign relations committee on july 24  just a day before indias threat to veto the wto pact  on us-india relations under the modi government.
with a new government in charge, the timing may be right to materially improve our bilateral trade relationship, which could translate into greater opportunities for us businesses, kumar said in his testimony.
our special correspondentchildren greet pope francis in myanmar on monday.
the pope met myanmars military chief, senior general min aung hlaing, and discussed the great responsibility of authorities of the country in this time of transition, the vatican said.
(afp picture)new delhi: pope francis has begun a delicate visit in india's neighbourhood, starting with myanmar that has been accused of ethnic cleansing by the us and moving on to bangladesh.
the schedule of the leader of the roman catholic church has thrown up one question: why has he not included india in his itinerary?
this is the second time the pope is visiting the neighbourhood without coming to india.
some in the catholic church feel the narendra modi government may be reluctant to host a papal visit because of the protests the atal bihari vajpayee dispensation faced from its own extended family in november 1999 when pope john paul ii visited.
the vhp had vociferously objected to the papal visit.
they probably fear being embarrassed by their own extended family, a catholic clergyman said, explaining the delay on the part of an otherwise optics-friendly government in inviting pope francis to india.
in 2015, he had visited sri lanka for a canonisation.
however, the catholic bishops' conference of india (cbci) secretary-general, theodore mascarenhas, pointed out that foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had extended a verbal invitation to the pope when she called on him at the vatican last year during her visit for the canonisation of mother teresa.
it would be wrong on our part to say that the government is not interested in inviting the holy father but they would have to consider what is suitable to them and the country.
we have great hope in our government, bishop mascarenhas said, adding that the current indian ambassador to the vatican is also a catholic.
this, along with the appointment of a catholic minister in the government, is a positive signal.
earlier this month, career diplomat sibi george was sent to berne to head india's mission in switzerland which is concurrently accredited to the principality of liechtenstein and the holy see.
last week, asked if india had invited the pope to visit during this trip to south asia, foreign ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar was non-committal.
he said that for any high-level bilateral visit to take place, mutually convenient dates had to be found.
new delhi, feb.
5: sushmaswaraj swaraj today referred to people with flat noses to underline the countrys diversity, but the spirit of her speech made up for the faux pas as the lok sabha condemned the suspected lynching of northeast teen nido tania.
the entire house condemns the death of the young boy.
a clear message should go to the entire country that parliament wants that all people and children from the northeast are protected, speaker meira kumar said after the matter was raised during zero hour.
leaders cutting across party lines urged the government to come up with tough measures to stop harassment of people from the region.
the issue, however, did not figure in the rajya sabha.
none of the mps from the northeast in the upper house brought up the matter as telangana dominated proceedings, with members from andhra pradesh protesting against the states planned division.
in the lok sabha, sushmaswaraj , the leader of the opposition, raised nidos death.
a child came from arunachal pradesh and they made fun of his hairstyle.
the house overlooked what appeared to be a gaffe because what sushmaswaraj was implying was unity.
if ganga and yamuna are part of india, then so is brahmaputra .
the child belonged to arunachal pradesh, a state whose every resident has stood as a soldier against china, the bjp veteran said.
nido, 19, son of an arunachal legislator, died after allegedly being beaten up by shopkeepers last week following an altercation sparked by barbs at his hairstyle.
northeast ke bachche hindustan ke bachche hain (northeast children are children of the country), she said to applause.
the bjp leader also used the opportunity to take a dig at political opponents congress and the aap.
without naming either rahul gandhi or arvind kejriwal, she said those responsible for protecting people from the region were sitting on dharna, alluding to their presence at rallies to protest the attack on the student.
minister of state for minority affairs nino ering called for a strong law to stop harassment of people from the northeast and said the regions history and culture should be introduced in ncert textbooks to sensitise people.
even after 65 years of independence racial discrimination is a serious matter.
there should be a strong law to prevent such attacks and harassment, he said, stressing the need for unity in the countrys interest.
cpm mp basudeb acharia said nidos death was a result of racial discrimination that has been continuing for years.
it is nothing but racial discrimination.
its continuing for many years despite assurances of the government, acharia said.
janata dal (united) leader sharad yadav demanded that the entire house condemn the incident and said the government should take strong action against those responsible for killing the teenager.
anti-telangana slogans, however, disrupted proceedings soon as mps from andhra pradesh protested in the well of the house.
the protests forced the house to be adjourned for the day just after noon.
if the prime minister, narendra modi, had been aware of a closely held secret of how the nuclear deal with the united states of america came about, he may not have persisted in pushing for india's membership of the nuclear suppliers group at this stage.
such a push has triggered an avoidable domestic controversy and generated uncertainties abroad about india's standing in the world.
if rajnath singh, said to be the most superstitious of modi's cabinet colleagues, had been told by at least one of his numerous astrologers that any year ending in 6 is a bad one for india for taking new diplomatic initiatives in, he would have persuaded the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, to somehow prevail upon the prime minister not to stake too much on nsg membership this year.
if s. jaishankar, who has done more than most diplomats to end india's long nuclear winter, had time off his virtually round-the-clock foreign secretary's schedule to reflect in hindsight on some of the impressive landmarks of his career, he may have resisted the push to go for nsg membership now mostly by people with political clout but with little understanding of strategic issues.
the india-us nuclear deal was exclusively a george w. bush initiative that few others in the us president's administration or in the american political establishment of that time wanted.
the state department was unenthusiastic about it.
there was little support, in the beginning, in either chamber of us congress for the deal.
a rare exception was condoleezza rice, who had left her white house job as national security adviser shortly before the deal was announced in july, 2005, to become secretary of state.
she went along with bush on the deal with india.
some say bush went along with rice on the offer to end new delhi's nuclear isolation.
but even for the us president and his secretary of state 11 years ago, the nuclear deal, as originally conceived, was a way to freeze, roll back and eventually eliminate india's nuclear programme.
in return, india would be offered trade in nuclear weapons and technology and access to nuclear power to meet the country's energy shortages which were slowing down economic growth.
the first draft of the nuclear agreement, handed to shyam saran, then the foreign secretary, by the the under secretary of state for political affairs at that time, nicholas burns, in london a few weeks after the announcement of the deal envisaged a formal commitment by india that it would not test nuclear weapons any more.
the restrictive clauses in that draft were exclusively reported by this newspaper within days after the draft was exchanged in london, causing furore in parliament and outside.
when manmohan singh was in washington again, two indian diplomats were asked to conduct a survey on the support in the us senate for the deal.
such support was crucial for its passage on capitol hill.
the survey revealed that only 20 of the senate's 100 members were supporting their president's nuclear deal with india.
for new delhi's negotiators, the most alarming aspect of the survey was that hillary clinton, who then headed the senate india caucus, was one of the senators who were opposed to the deal.
the story of how clinton was converted into being a supporter of the deal by indians and indian americans working together cannot be revealed because such an exposure is fraught with the risk of a defamation suit.
the full story could still somewhat damage clinton's current bid to return to the white house as its tenant after 16 years.
it took full two years of difficult and complex negotiations for new delhi and washington to finalize the text of a bilateral agreement that would create the structure of the nuclear deal.
even so, when the national security adviser, m.k. narayanan, addressed a press conference on july 27, 2007, along with the foreign secretary and the chairman of the atomic energy commission, his opening words were, we are happy to inform you that the governments of india and the united states of america have finalized the text of the bilateral agreement for cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy.
that was it.
the nuclear deal with the us was for cooperation in peaceful uses of nuclear energy, notwithstanding the spin for domestic opinion within india that the us had recognized india as a nuclear weapons state.
in its pursuit of nsg membership, the current political dispensation in new delhi forgot that india had not moved an inch beyond that position.
events in seoul last month needlessly resurrected a reality, forgotten - or perhaps overlooked since the indo-us nuclear deal - that india is not a de jure nuclear weapons state, that the world expects new delhi to sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty and conform to the comprehensive test ban treaty even if it refuses to sign the latter.
often in the past, when india's de jure status within the global nuclear non-proliferation architecture has been brought up, both the united progressive alliance government and the current national democratic alliance have skirted the issue.
the nsg's decision to shut its doors on india proves the common reality that neither the upa nor the nda wants to confront: macho declarations that india is a nuclear weapons state and that it is not looking for any certificate to that effect from anyone are mere bravado.
if successive political dispensations in new delhi actually believe that such chest-thumping will change ground realities, they ought not have to go to nsg or anywhere else to validate india's nuclear status or to seek the approval of the global consensual non-proliferation architecture.
the verdict in seoul was that india cannot have the cake and eat it too.
there is a way out, though.
that way out was not chosen because modi is unaware of a crucial secret of how the indo-us nuclear deal came about.
on july 18, 2005, after extensive consultations between indian and american diplomats over the joint statement in washington by manmohan singh and bush, a final draft was given to the indian side by the americans.
a very senior indian diplomat then quietly changed a word in the final draft in the second paragraph relating to india's plans to develop its civilian nuclear energy programme.
without telling the us side, he changed the prescription relating to india signing and adhering to the additional protocol of the international atomic energy agency.
when the joint statement was approved by bush and singh and released, india's requirement became signing and adhering to an additional protocol because this perspicacious diplomat replaced the word the with an.
the american side did not notice the change, but they were now committed to the new formulation.
without that change, india would have been in the same situation with the iaea on the nuclear deal as it finds itself today in the nsg.
with the new joint commitment in hand, when the time came in 2009 to finalize matters with the iaea, india insisted that it would not sign the additional protocol, which applied to signatories of the npt that could not legally possess nuclear weapons or weapons materials under international treaty obligations.
india signed an additional protocol, which was different from the npt model.
it was created to suit new delhi's special needs.
it was because of the uniqueness of india's an additional protocol that although it was signed in vienna on may 15, 2009, it took another five years and two months for the iaea to bring it into force.
it is reasonable to assume that jaishankar knows about this episode.
if the perspicacious diplomat who made the change told this columnist about it on the night of july 18, 2005, during celebrations in the indian camp as singh triumphally concluded his washington visit, it is highly unlikely that he would not have told jaishankar, who was then the joint secretary in charge of the americas and a key member of the prime minister's delegation.
the moral of the story is that there is no straight path into the nsg, and modi and his team must fashion tactics similar to what india employed in the white house on the nuclear deal.
in conclusion, the curse of the years ending in 6 on indian diplomacy needs to be explained.
in 1996, india was routed by japan and humiliated in its effort to enter the united nations security council.
in 2006, the government in new delhi nearly fell on account of diplomacy: the effort to operationalize the indo-us nuclear deal.
ten years hence, in 2016, india lost its bid to join the nsg.
rajnath singh ought to have been told about this long shadow that falls on indian diplomacy every 10 years.
(from left) acharya kishor kunal, the chairman of bihar state board of religious trusts, rss chief mohan bhagwat and priests at the inauguration of the umbrella in patna on wednesday.
picture by ranjeet kumar dey patna, july 13: senior bjp leaders, including national president nitin gadkari, l.k. advani and sushmaswaraj swaraj, have made it a point to support social activist anna hazares crusade against corruption on public platforms.
however, rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwat chose to be different from his associates today when he came to inaugurate an umbrella shading sant ravidass statue at mahavir sthan in patna.
bhagwat kept away from the issue of hazares campaign against corruption or the congresss take on it at the programme, which he said was not the proper platform to discuss such issues.
the rss chief was invited to unveil the structure at the event organised by shri mahavir sthan nyas samiti.
he said: today, everyone has assembled here with devotional feelings.
i was also invited to the inauguration of sant ravidass statue but i could not come then for some prior engagements.
but this time i am fortunate to have been able to come here to inaugurate the umbrella over sant ravidass statue.
i am privileged to be a part of the programme.
bhagwat also said people should imbibe the lessons of the saints in their behaviour to overcome difficulties in life.
saints are connected with the truth and the almighty.
they know well how to overcome difficulties with the help of truth and god.
the people should also imbibe teachings of the saints.
sant ravidas is also one of the greatest saints, he said.
later, on further prodding, bhagwat spoke a few words on the political issue of hazares fight against corruption and said: anna hazare has taken up a good issue.
everyone has to fight against corruption in his/her own way.
he added: religion and corruption have different paths.
religion cannot co-exist with corruption since religion unites the society, while corruption has a completely different approach.
before inaugurating the umbrella, bhagwat also garlanded the statue of tulsidas at the temple, where priests performed sant ravidass bhajans.
suryavanshi das, the head priest of mahavir sthan, told the telegraph: the construction work of the umbrella over the statue of sant shiromani ravidas cost rs 8 lakh.
special artists from jaipur took one month to make the umbrella and then, it took them another 10 days to install it at mahavir sthan.
acharya kishor kunal, the chairman of bihar state board of religious trusts, was also present at the inauguration.
on the occasion, bhagwat felicitated a few priests.
bhagwat gave coconut as bhog (offerings) to all of them on the occasion.
ghanshyam das, jagdish das, jamuna das, sunil das, deepak das and others were among the priests who were felicitated.
all the priests are associated with different temples across bihar.
speaking about the stones used in the umbrella shading, acharya kishor kunal said: the umbrella is made of famous sarmathura stones of jaipur, which are popularly known as red stones.
dhaka, june 19 (pti): the indian envoy in bangladesh today visited the ramakrishna mission in dhaka against the backdrop of a death threat issued to the principal of the mission on a letterhead ascribed to the islamic state.
being the next-door neighbour, we just can offer our fullest support for whatever steps are taken here (in bangladesh to combat militancy), india's high commissioner harsh vardhan shringla said.
the high commissioner paid respects to swami dhruveshananda, adhyaksha, rkm dhaka, and took a tour of the premises, the indian high commission tweeted.
a monk of the mission had earlier said that an unidentified youth had visited the principal's office two weeks ago without citing any reason.
we could take a picture of the youth with a suspicious attitude.
we provided the copy of the photo to police for investigation after receiving the threat, the monk said.
in new delhi, asked about the threat to the mission, indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said: it is very unfortunate.
it is painful for us.
we are in touch with top authorities.
sheikh hasina is taking strong action.
more than this, i am happy that islamic clerics and religious leaders have issued a fatwa saying these kinds of activities are anti-islamic and it has been signed by 1 lakh religious leaders.
sushma will take up the matter of the pending teesta accord with the mamata banerjee government.
manohar parrikar new delhi, oct.
1: a seminar organised by a rashtriya swayamsevak sangh think tank today sounded the war cry for balochistan's independence, celebrating rebels from across the border while projecting india as the catalyst for the movement.
a key speaker set out the agenda, making it clear that the seminar was not merely an academic exercise.
among the panellists who spoke at the seminar on baloch nationality were tarek fatah, a canadian writer, broadcaster and activist whose home country is pakistan, and mazdak dilshad baloch, a young leader of the baloch freedom movement.
both spoke of the plight of balochis, made a case for why it should secede from pakistan and thanked india for its support to their cause.
earlier, prime minister narendra modi had mentioned the restive pakistani province in his independence day speech this year.
rakesh sinha, the honorary director of the rss think tank, india policy foundation, made the seminar's agenda clear.
this is not merely an academic seminar, he said in hindi, it is a demonstration of our solidarity with balochistan.
sinha, who teaches at delhi university, said it was befitting that on the first day of the navratri festival, the leadership of the ' andolan' (movement) is in our (india's) hands because we have to retrieve the image we had in the pre-independence era.
in recent debates, participants, including bjp spokespersons, made out as though our support for balochistan was a tit-for-tat for pakistan's advocacy of kashmir.
kashmir is not the issue here.
even if pakistan were to whole-heartedly endorse india's position on kashmir, balochistan will remain an issue for us, sinha said.
in 1912, when the african national congress was founded, he said, a senior congress leader in the independence struggle had travelled to south africa to express india's solidarity.
that precedent was upheld when (india) flagged the issue of baloch rights at the un, he said.
dilshad baloch said: india is the world's largest democracy that is with us.
for the first time, a political leader (modi) has stepped out to help us.
for 70 years, no baloch even sought india's help.
today, we know we are not alone against pakistan.
fatah, who has endeared himself to the ruling establishment here and sections of the tv media for his trenchant criticism of his home country, called pakistan a state of mind and not a country.
he claimed that after india bifurcated pakistan and brought bangladesh into being, the day was not far when you will hear slogans in hindi in balochistan.
while every speaker received his share of claps, the loudest were for modi and the army's surgical strikes across the line of control.
hanuman parallel in uttarakhand, defence minister manohar parrikar today likened pakistan's condition to an anaesthetised patient after a surgery, in his first public comments on the cross-loc strikes.
even two days after the surgical strikes, pakistan has no idea what has happened, pti quoted him as saying.
parrikar also referred to the ramayan to say the indian army, like hanuman, had recognised its prowess.
however, former union minister subodh kant sahay said such surgical strikes had taken place in the past, too, but were never publicised.
new delhi, july 22: the narendra modi government is likely to truncate the ongoing parliament session for want of a tangible legislative agenda blamed in part on inadequate preparedness by some ministers.
the session  the modi administrations first long-drawn one to pass the general and rail budgets, and discuss demand for grants  may be curtailed by a week or more, unless the government lines up adequate business to keep members engaged.
it began on july 7 and was scheduled to continue until august 14.
government sources cited several factors.
one was the inability of parliamentary affairs minister m. venkaiah naidu and his deputies to fill the legislative calendar with to-do lists that consist of introduction and passage of bills, pending and prospective, and discussions.
the other reason was alleged indifference of some junior ministers  including those rewarded with plum portfolios  towards their seniors and the inability to set up the statutory house committees that are supposed to supplement parliaments work or act as the houses watchdogs over the executive.
till late this evening, naidu kept his nose to the grindstone to set up four key committees: those on public accounts and public undertakings, privileges (lok sabha), rules (lok sabha) and welfare of scs and sts.
the minister would not have had to run through a maze of rules to decide who would helm them because by rule and convention, the chairmanship of the public accounts panel goes to the largest opposition party (the congress in this case).
the others are expected to be headed by the ruling bjp or one of its nda allies.
the government has also been hampered by the absence of standing committees, formed soon after a new lok sabha comes into being.
they come under the purview of ministries and departments, and are divided between the rajya sabha and the lok sabha.
their chairmanship and membership are determined by the number of mps parties have.
in the present house, the majority of the lok sabha committees will be headed by the bjp/nda while those in the rajya sabha will go to the congress/upa.
the standing panels also vet the demands for grants of various ministries/departments related to the railway and the general budgets.
this is done in the recess between the tabling of the budgets and their adoption.
after the reports of the standing committees are presented, the house goes to the next step of discussion and voting on the demands for grants, ministry-wise.
although the lok sabha speaker puts all outstanding demands to vote through a device called a guillotine, the lower house is empowered to approve or reject any, or even scale down grants sought by the government.
the rajya sabha confines itself to only a general discussion on the budget, without voting on the demands for grants.
so far, not a single standing committee has come up, although parties have sent naidu the names of their nominees.
he is overburdened, a source said.
naidu is also urban development minister.
but, as a congress leader pointed out, this was nothing unusual because naidus congress predecessor kamal nath too held the two portfolios.
the first missteps on floor management were evident in the governments goof-up on the gaza debate.
after initially saying such a discussion wasnt needed, it agreed to the debate in the rajya sabha following a combined opposition outcry.
the lack of co-ordination between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and junior parliamentary affairs minister prakash javadekar on the issue underscored the governments vulnerability in the upper house where it is in a minority, a source said.
today, the boss of another junior minister, widely regarded as diligent and conscientious, reportedly felt let down when the deputy did not share the responsibility of answering questions in the house, leaving the senior to hold fort.
before that, it is learnt the junior had not turned up for a briefing from the senior.
last evening, a harried naidu pinned down his deputies, javadekar and santosh gangwar, and directed them to start looking at the bills the government could possibly bring in.
at a meeting of the bjps parliamentary party today, naidu pulled up the mps who sauntered in after the appointed time of 9.
30am and asked them to emulate prime minister modi who, he stressed, had arrived 10 minutes earlier.
the minister also told the mps that nobody could travel abroad when the house was in session.
it seems the displeasure is particularly more with junior ministers, who were earlier bjp spokespersons, for skipping briefings when the government faced a controversy.
it has now been decided that a list of leaders present and absent in such briefings would be sent to modi.
(clockwise from top left) william hague, philip hammond who replaces hague as the new foreign secretary and priti patel with david cameron in calcutta in november, 2013 london, july 15: william hague, who was in india only a few days ago meeting narendra modi, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj, has caused widespread shock by stepping down as foreign secretary in a wide ranging cabinet reshuffle being undertaken by david cameron.
two other ministers who had responsibility for strengthening britains strategic relationship with india  david willets, minister of state for universities and science, and greg barker, energy and climate change minister who was dubbed the minister for india have also resigned and will step down, like hague, as mps at the next election in may 2015.
on the plus side for india, camerons diaspora champion, priti patel, 42, who showed the prime minister around calcutta and delhi in november last year, comes into the government as exchequer secretary.
priti, who is the tory mp for witham in essex, has been twice to india with the prime minister and was included in the delegation led by hague and the chancellor of the exchequer george osborne to mumbai and delhi earlier this month.
in her new job, she will be part of osbornes team at the treasury.
camerons reshuffle, in which the prime minister has sought to get rid of ministers who are white, male and stale and replace with women ahead of the general election, has variously been called brutal, a bloodletting and a massacre.
downing street resounded this morning with the clickety click of high heels as one woman after another entered no 10 and received preferment.
whether replacing middle aged but competent men with untried women will help cameron to win the next election remains to be seen but the prime minister has responded to criticism that there were too many privileged white men, rather like himself, in the cabinet.
thus the education secretary, michael gove, said to be a close friend of the prime minister, has been replaced by nicky morgan, 41, who grew up in surrey and studied law at oxford.
at 38, the youngest member of the cabinet will be liz truss, who replaces owen paterson as environment secretary.
esther mcvey, 46, a former tv presenter, remains minister for employment and disabilities but she will now be able to attend cabinet when her subjects come up for discussion.
this morning it looked as though she has washed and blow-dried her hair and chosen her clothes carefully in readiness for the cameras.
anna soubry  the first female mp in the ministry of defence when she was handed a junior role in october  has been promoted to minister of state rank.
and claire perry moves from the whips office to be a junior transport minister.
with the british media being what it is, the women ministers must be prepared for greater scrutiny of their clothes and looks than their male counterparts ever received.
some men have resigned while others have been sacked  which comes to the same thing.
others have been demoted though there is the pretence that the new job is just as important as the old.
it is the departure of hague which is the most puzzling.
he first attracted national attention in 1977 when he made a stirring speech as a 16-year-old schoolboy at the tory party conference.
he was rewarded when margaret thatcher, who would become britains first woman prime minister within two years, posed for an historic photograph with him.
hague went on to become the tory party leader  priti was his deputy press secretary  but stepped down after failing to win a general election.
he has been an mp for 26 years but is still only 53.
he has said, not entirely convincingly, that he wants to spend more time writing books.
when angelina jolie was in london last month to promote a un conference aimed at curbing the use of rape as a weapon of war, hague spent what seemed to others to be an inordinate amount of time with the hollywood actress.
hague will replace andrew lansley as leader of the commons until may next year.
something is not quite right, said a peer commenting on hagues decision to leave politics.
if he had decided to step down, why did the prime minister decide to send him to india earlier this month?
theres more to it.
a reshuffle invariably triggers a game of musical chairs.
the defence secretary philip hammond is the new foreign secretary.
his job has been taken by michael fallon, who was energy secretary.
one of the most colourful characters to leave the government is kenneth clarke, 74, who did not have a cabinet portfolio but has been secretary of state for home, health and justice in his time as well as chancellor of the exchequer.
he endeared him to the public by wearing mismatching hush puppies instead of formal brogues with his dishevelled suits, smoking cigars and taking time off to watch test cricket and listen to jazz.
gove, who was once unwise enough to allege that there were too many etonians in government, becomes chief whip with a brief to give media interviews.
bjd supremo naveen patnaik and party leader baijayant panda drink coconut juice at a rally in kendrapara on thursday.
telegraph picture the focus of poll campaign shifted to the politically volatile coastal belt with bjd president naveen patnaik on thursday undertaking whistle-stop poll tour in jagatsinghpur and kendrapara districts.
naveen addressed a series of rallies in kendrapara, paradip, tirtol and balikuda-earasama, harping on his partys pet theme  continued neglect by the congress-led upa government at the centre.
senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, too, was to address a rally in mahakalpada, where her party stalwart bijoy mohapatra, naveens arch-rival, is locked in a triangular contest.
the meeting got cancelled at the last minute while the bjp had mobilised a good crowd for the meeting.
mohapatra, a die-hard biju patnaik loyalist, was denied the bjd ticket in 2000 just before the elections by naveen.
he has lost the last two elections from neighbouring patkura constituency.
this time, he has opted for mahakalpada.
pitted against him are former energy minister atantu sabyasachi of the bjd and balaram parida of the congress.
though the bjp has negligible influence in the constituency, mohapatras personality and his equation with the local people make him a serious contender.
the chorus of naveen patnaik zindabad and bjd zindabad rented air at naveens public meetings in kendrapara.
he repeated his statements that the bjps prime ministerial candidate narendra modi and congress leaders sonia and rahul were migratory leaders, who were visiting the state only at the time of elections.
their sole motive is to capture power at the centre, and they have no agenda for the development of odisha.
they were out of sight when the phailin hit the state.
the bjd government and the people fought valiantly to meet the situation.
the united nations has recognised our excellent relief and rescue operation, he said.
listing his governments achievements, he said nearly 60 lakh people were benefiting from the re 1-rice scheme, launched by the state government.
people below poverty line are covered under the health insurance scheme.
i have visited several constituencies and gauged the mood of local people.
people have no trust whatsoever on the congress and the bjp.
there is a wave in favour of the bjd both for the assembly and lok sabha polls, he said.
it has been a consistent position of the telegraph that the prime minister, manmohan singh, does himself and the nation a disservice every time he retreats into himself in a crisis.
his performance on wednesday in the lok sabha reiterates the point that whenever mr singh decides to come out and attack his critics he scores.
his rhetorical sally in parliament can only be described as a palpable hit.
mr singh, as anyone who knows him will agree, is by nature an introvert and an introspective person.
his instincts guide him to be thoughtful and reflective, but there are moments when the nation expects its prime minister to speak, to clear the air or to dispel fears or even to put down the opposition.
this is an onus of leadership.
mr singh, in his second term as prime minister, cannot claim, as he could, as a last refuge during his first term, that he has had leadership thrust upon him.
the united progressive alliance came to its second innings with the explicit announcement that mr singh was its prime ministerial candidate.
mr singh thus cannot escape some of the responsibilities of leadership, however uncomfortable they are for a savant.
what is worth noting is that for an introverted person who is not a natural orator or debater, mr singh can be a good polemicist.
in parliament on wednesday he spoke with wit and humour; he also cut l.k. advani, the bharatiya janata party leader and a veteran parliamentarian, to size.
at the same time, he was charming towards sushmaswaraj swaraj, the leader of the opposition in the lok sabha, making her blush with an urdu couplet.
this was a deliberate ploy to play up divisions within the bjp.
thus mr singh showed that when he wants to he can play the political game.
the idea that the prime minister is weak and incapable of making up his own mind needs to be permanently obliterated.
only mr singh himself can do this by coming out of his shell and speaking to the nation and by stopping the opposition  both the bjp and the left  from spreading canards against him.
what mr singh cannot allow to be undermined, by rumourmongers and petty people, is his integrity, which is his biggest asset.
no one expects him to tomtom his integrity, but his speaking to the nation when the chips are down always carries conviction and boosts morale.
india expects its prime minister to do his duty, but from mr singh, indias first scholar prime minister, india rightly expects more.
ptimumbai: an indian businessman who had been allegedly abducted in central china during a visit has been traced and is expected to return to mumbai on sunday, his family members have said.
tabrez akbarali bana, a resident of dongri in south mumbai, had been visiting china's zhejiang province in connection with his jewellery business when he was allegedly abducted by local traders over a payment dispute.
indian authorities in shanghai had on tuesday sought details of bana's whereabouts from the chinese government.
bana's father-in-law jigar abbas, 53, told pti that his abduction was a case of mistaken identity as the local businessmen mistook him for another person with whom they had a dispute over payments.
bana had been reported missing from a market in yiwu on march 23.
it was a case of mistaken identity and tabrez has been freed by the abductors after he showed them passport details to prove he was not the person they were looking for.
this was his first visit to china, abbas, who runs a stationery shop in thane, said on saturday.
abbas's daughter afroz is married to bana and the couple have two children.
i have not spoken to him personally but bana has contacted my daughter and his father, abbas said.
he said bana was supposed to leave china on friday but the flight got cancelled.
it has been a very trying time and we are eagerly waiting to see him.
my daughter is distressed.
we had decided to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj but she was out of the country.
we had also tweeted for help, abbas said.
bana's mother-in-law shahnaz said he was abducted while he was speaking to his wife over phone.
bana had told afroz that he had completed his business dealings in china and would return to mumbai at the earliest, shahnaz said.
his phone was untraceable since march 23 and we tried to make a video call on march 26 but someone snatched the phone before he could speak, she added.
the largest afghan flag flutters behind soldiers at the inauguration ceremony on wazir akbar khan hill in kabul on september 10.
(afp) kabul, sept.
14: to find a flag as big as the one hoisted over kabuls historic wazir akbar khan hill on wednesday, you would have to go pretty far  possibly as far as a walmart parking lot somewhere in the great plains in the us.
flying from a specially erected flagpole more than 200 feet high  taller than the statue of liberty replica in las vegas  the black, red and green flag, at 97 by 65 feet, is big enough to drape over a dreadnoughtus dinosaur (tail included).
it is hundreds of square yards bigger than any other known afghan banner.
oddly, despite 13 years and more than half a trillion dollars of american investment in afghanistan, when this country finally got its first supersized flag to fly over the capital last week, the donor was not from among the descendants of betsy ross, widely credited with making the first american flag.
ghulam mohammad bazaz instead, the afghan mega-flag was personally presented by sushmaswaraj swaraj, the foreign minister of india.
the half-million-dollar gift was partly underwritten by businessman naveen jindal, whose flag foundation of india was founded to encourage indian homes to fly their own flags.
political pundits quickly noted the symbolism of indias helping afghanistan erect a flag big enough to be seen from the american surveillance blimp on the other side of the capital.
the point would surely not be lost on pakistan, which has always looked unfavourably at overtures between india and afghanistan.
the indian flag project is also seen as a subtle message to the americans, who are bringing their combat mission in afghanistan to a close this year without any guarantee yet of a future military role here.
this will show pakistan, and further weaken its role in afghanistan, said the political analyst bashir bezhan.
and for president karzai, it would have a message to the west that his neighbouring powers are behind him.
flags have had a tattered history in afghanistan, with a succession of different ones during the past 35 years of civil war and insurgency.
the taliban, for instance, went counterintuitive, sticking with a plain white banner  until someone pointed out that that was for surrendering, and they added verses to it in black.
before the raising of the mega-flag, a visitor could easily have driven across this sprawling capital of five million residents without seeing a single afghan drapeau.
flagpoles are rare even in the government district.
a few years ago, there had been an afghan flag just big enough to be seen from many parts of the city on the top of the mountain in its middle, asmai mountain, better known as tv hill because of all its broadcasting towers.
but the flag was gradually beaten to shreds in the wind and never replaced.
then the indian embassy came up with the idea of a gift of the giant flag, made of windproof synthetic textiles, and jindal was eager to help underwrite it.
we thought this would be a good symbol of unity, said niteen yeola, an indian diplomat here.
the new flag is flying over wazir akbar khan hill, next to the empty communist-era swimming pool once used by the taliban for executions.
the monument is being called the menara bayraq, or flag minaret.
the 15-tonne flagpole is high enough to make the flag visible from nearly all quarters of the city.
the pole was flown in from india in segments, then erected to be earthquake-proof by indian engineers.
new delhi, march 28: the foreign office rushed to try and avert a diplomatic crisis, calling the attacks - over the weekend and then yesterday - deplorable.
yesterday's incident in greater noida, in which several people of african origin were injured, is deplorable, foreign ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said this evening.
the government is committed to ensuring safety and security of all foreigners in india.
people from africa, including students and youth, remain our valued partners, baglay said.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj dialled uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath in the morning, and sought a prompt investigation into the attack on nigerian students in greater noida last weekend.
i have spoken to yogi adityanath ji, cm of uttar pradesh regarding the attack on african students in greater?
noida.
he has assured that there will be a fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident.
earlier, a nigerian student at greater noida's sharda university had reached out to the foreign minister on twitter.
you need to act fast as living in noida is becoming a life-threatening issue for us, sadiq bello, the student, said.
bello thanked sushmaswaraj after she responded and promised immediate action.
nigerian officials in new delhi told this newspaper they had communicated their concerns to amar sinha, secretary (economic relations) in the ministry of external affairs, in charge of india's relations with africa.
but nigeria, they clarified, was watching to see if india responded appropriately before lodging a formal protest.
later in the afternoon, nigeria's acting high commissioner and two other mission officials drove down to the foreign ministry at south block and met junior foreign minister m.j. akbar.
akbar, the foreign office said, assured the nigerian diplomats that local authorities would take steps to ensure the safety of nigerian nationals.
the uttar pradesh government, akbar told the nigerian delegation, had made arrests in the case.
for india, the attacks represent a double whammy.
they have once again revived broad african concerns over the security of people from the continent in india, that had last year sparked an unprecedented diplomatic protest following the murder of a congolese student-cum-teacher in the capital.
the possibility of tensions with nigeria are also of particular concern, officials acknowledged.
the country, africa's largest economy, has emerged consistently among india's top two crude oil suppliers each month over the past two years - clout new delhi cannot dismiss.
sept.
5: the vatican today witnessed the first thanksgiving mass in honour of mother teresa at st peter's square where over a lakh devotees participated in a feast day to celebrate her sainthood.
cardinal pietro parolin, the secretary of state of his holiness the pope, said the mass was attended by several brothers and sisters of the missionaries of charity.
some of the prayers were in bengali.
vatican secretary of state cardinal pietro parolin spreads incense in front of the relics of mother teresa during the thanksgiving mass on monday at st peters square.
(ap)prayer booklets with mother teresa's picture and a halo behind her were made available today.
mother teresa was canonised in the same square yesterday by pope francis.
trinamul rajya sabha mp derek o'brien, who was part of chief minister mamata banerjee's delegation to rome and attended the mass today, said: i went there as didi deputed me to represent team bengal.
i could not spot anyone from the indian delegation at the mass.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had led the indian delegation to the canonisation yesterday.
sister prema, the head of the missionaries of charity, was present today at the square that was much cooler than yesterday with a cloud cover.
father brian of canada gave the vote of thanks after the prayers.
unlike yesterday, when most of the declaration was in italian, much of the mass was in english.
medallions with mother teresa's picture, priced at between euros 1 and 3 each, flew off shelves of souvenir shops around the square.
many of the faithful left without one as all were sold out.
hanoi, sept.
15: india has a new yardstick for measuring its diplomatic successes: the height of bodhi trees.
when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was in myanmar last month, south koreas foreign minister yun byung-se walked up to her and announced that his country's relations with india had grown by 400 per cent since march this year.
as her aides listened in puzzlement, swaraj assumed that yun was paying a compliment to the new bjp-led government, which has been in power for the better part of this short period.
but the top diplomat from seoul explained: india had gifted a sapling of a bodhi tree from bodh gaya six months ago to south korea, a quarter of whose population is of buddhist faith.
that sapling was only 30cm high when it arrived in seoul and was temporarily planted at that country's national arboretum with plans of eventually shifting it to a buddhist temple.
now it is more than 120cm, an astonishing pace of growth, yun told swaraj.
and to prove it, he had brought a photograph of the tree at its present height to show his indian counterpart.
his idea was that there is a spurt in growth of our relationship as is symbolised by this bodhi tree sapling which has grown more than 400 per cent in a short period, ministry of external affairs spokesperson syed akbaruddin quoted yun as saying.
in hanoi this afternoon, president pranab mukherjee attempted to repeat with the vietnamese what india tried to do with the south koreans in march and with the thais last year.
along with truong tan sang, his vietnamese counterpart, mukherjee planted a bodhi sapling at the presidential palace here, a symbolic highlight of his three-day state visit.
in doing so, mukherjee was actually picking up the threads of a soft power offensive which india launched 55 years ago, but it had failed to pick up then.
in 1959, then president rajendra prasad had gifted a similar bodhi sapling to the legendary leader of the vietnamese national liberation movement, ho chi minh.
that tree is now a visibly huge landmark at the tran quoc pagoda, the foremost symbol of a buddhist revival in this fast reforming communist country.
tomorrow morning, before leaving hanoi for ho chi minh city, mukherjee will visit this 1,500 year-old pagoda and circumambulate that landmark from india.
hanoi has one more bodhi tree which is a similar landmark.
at the one pillar pagoda here which dates back a full millennium is another bodhi tree which ho chi minh brought back from a visit to india in 1958.
the sapling was then given to ho as a gift by jawaharlal nehru.
mukherjee could not visit the one pillar pagoda because its surroundings are in the throes of construction work as part of renovating the temple and it was considered a security risk for the visiting president.
but the media accompanying him and some rashtrapati bhavan aides did not want to miss one of indias earliest efforts at spreading soft power.
in 1954, french colonial troops defaced the one pillar pagoda.
there were other attempts too to damage the shrine, but the vietnamese preserved what was left of it each time and restored its glory several times.
but the indian gift to the vietnamese people was never damaged through all these ravages.
the sapling in thailand was gifted to that countrys king by manmohan singh last year when he visited the kingdom as prime minister in may.
this year on wisakha bucha day which fell on may 13, that sapling was ceremonially planted at the temple of marble pali canon in thailand.
what is known in thailand as wisakha, which commemorates the three signal events in the life of lord buddha, namely birth, enlightenment and passing away, is better known in india as buddha purnima.
all the three bodhi saplings gifted abroad by india recently as part of an innovative diplomatic drive are from bodh gaya.
it is the seat of the maha bodhi temple, the exact location where prince siddhartha of kapilavastu attained enlightenment 2,600 years ago and became the lord buddha.
bangalore, june 22: the arrest of a mysore university journalism professor for allegedly hurting religious sentiment with a comment on lord ram has revived concerns among dalit leaders and scholars about the continuing attacks on their freedom of speech.
b.p. mahesh chandra guru, a well-known dalit activist, was on friday remanded in judicial custody in the case.
according to his close associate shantharaju, guru had made the remarks at a january 2015 workshop on the campus on how ram had treated his wife sita.
when a participant asked a question, guru had voiced his personal opinion.
the participant belonged to some group called karnadu sarvodaya sena.
he filed a case against the professor, said shantharaju, who heads the karnataka dalit welfare trust.
guru was booked under ipc section 295a for hurting religious sentiment.
if convicted, he could get up to four years in jail.
guru's former student harohalli ravindra said four summons had earlier been served on the professor by a mysore district court.
he was asked to appear before the court on friday, arrested and sent to jail, said ravindra, one of guru's associates trying to bail him out.
he didn't tell anyone about the earlier summons.
that's how the whole thing got complicated, said ravindra, adding that a fresh bail plea would be moved tomorrow.
on monday, the court had denied guru bail when an application was moved, as he was a co-accused in another case for allegedly insulting the bhagvad gita.
an outspoken man, guru is accused along with well-known atheist k.s. bhagawan and dalit writer aravind malagatti in the february 2015 case.
at a seminar to discuss foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's suggestion that the gita be made the national book, he allegedly made some remarks that landed him in trouble.
dalit author sidda swamy, who shares a personal rapport with guru, said the arrest was proof of the continuing attacks on dalit writers' freedom of speech.
i just don't understand why our system punishes people for commenting on mythological characters, said swamy, a researcher on the life and times of mahishasura, the demon king slayed by goddess durga.
there is some issue whenever anyone comments on our mythology and the usual target is some dalit scholar, said swamy, who considers most dalits in the state as part of the mahisha kula (mahisha's clan).
these actions and arrests are scare tactics to silence all who question established beliefs and theories of the puranas, he said, adding there was a sense of fear among dalit writers.
swamy's latest book, mahisha asura rashtra, is scheduled for a september launch.
malagatti, a kannada professor at mysore university, said he did not know the exact remarks that had got guru into trouble.
there's nothing wrong in debating any character, whether from history or mythology.
but one needs to be a little careful about the language and the manner in which the case is presented, he said.
this kind of sustained attack on dalit scholars is totally unwarranted as we have our rights to express our views even if it doesn't subscribe to certain thoughts and philosophies, he added.
malagatti was among the kannada writers who returned their sahitya akademi awards to protest rising intolerance following the murder of kannada scholar m.m. kalburgi.
new delhi, june 11: the narendra modi government is determined to pass the womens reservation bill in the lok sabha, senior bjp leader and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj indicated today.
the rajya sabha had passed it in 2010.
saying and doing are two different things.
i want to tell this house that if we have talked about 33 per cent reservation for women, then we will bring it.
soniaji is not here but i would like to tell (congress leader mallikarjun) khargeji that when your party brought the bill in the rajya sabha, then we supported it.
kharge, the congresss leader in the lower house, immediately rose from his seat and offered support.
the bill has seen a political tug-of-war for over a decade, drawing stiff opposition from key heartland parties like the samajwadi party, bahujan samaj party and the rashtriya janata dal whenever efforts were made to pass it.
these parties oppose the bill saying it would lead to women from the societys elite groups cornering seats in legislatures at the expense of those from the underprivileged sections.
the parties have demanded separate sub-quotas for dalit, tribal and minority community women within the larger 33 per cent reservation.
the bill was passed by the rajya sabha during the congress-led upas term in march 2010 amid ruckus that saw some of the bills opponents snatch copies from then house chairman hamid ansari and tear the papers.
the bill could not sail through in the lok sabha because of the resistance from the three parties and a few others.
but now, with the strength of the regional parties sharply depleted in the new lok sabha and the bjp enjoying a majority on its own, the modi government seems emboldened to push the legislation.
rahul gandhi had told a rally in jaipur on wednesday that the watchman with a 56-inch chest had run away from the lok sabha debate on rafale, telling a woman to protect him.
the telegraph file picturethe national commission for women on thursday issued a notice to congress president rahul gandhi for his statement that prime minister narendra modi was hiding behind a woman instead of facing tough questions on rafale.
the ncw, taking suo motu cognisance of media reports, said rahuls comment showed extreme disrespect towards the dignity and honour of women in general.
the notice drew a sharp response from the congress, which asked what action the commission had taken when the prime minister made offensive references about women.
what about the prime ministers remarks  most insulting of indian womanhood.
they (the ncw) should not only act as political tools.
the first notice they should have sent was to shri narendra modi.
have they even commented?
senior congress leader anand sharma said, asked about the notice.
rahul had told a rally in jaipur on wednesday that the watchman with a 56-inch chest had run away from the lok sabha debate on rafale, telling a woman to protect him.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman had defended the deal in parliament on january 4.
modi skipped the debate.
the ncw, in its notice, described rahuls comment as extremely misogynistic, offensive, unethical and asked the congress chief to provide a satisfactory explanation.
no time frame has been fixed.
late last night, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had waded into the controversy with a tweet: rahul gandhis comments on defence minister nirmala sitaramans reply to a debate on a subject relating to ministry of defence is a new low in the history of indian politics.
anand sharma asked on thursday: has sushmaswaraj swaraj the guts to criticise the prime minister for his bad language, for lowering the dignity of his own office repeatedly.
it is the prime minister who has dragged the indian political discourse to a gutter level.
while rahul had got flak from outside the bhakt circle also, the ncw notice gave the congress an opportunity to fight back.
its social media team came out with a short video montage of misogynistic remarks made by modi right from his days as chief minister when he was reported to have referred to then congress president sonia gandhi as jersey cow.
mahila congress president sushmita dev tweeted: why didnt the toothless tiger ncw do anything when @narendramodi made derogatory remark in parliament about @incindia mp renuka chowdhury?
why didnt it issue notice to him after he commented about a head of state that despite being a woman she is fighting terrorism?
renuka had broken into a guffaw during a debate in parliament last year and modi had intervened to say that he had heard such laughter for the first time after the ramayana serial.
minister kiren rijiju later shared on facebook a video showing surpanakha, though modi had not named the demoness.
modi had earlier praised bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina for standing up to terrorists despite being a woman.
patna, march 31: brace for a star shower as parties ready to put their best face forward nine days before the first phase of polling for lok sabha elections kicks off.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi is scheduled to address an election meeting in aurangabad tomorrow, while party president sonia gandhi will hold an election rally in sasaram on april 3.
both sonia and rahul are likely to hold one more rally each in the state over the next couple of weeks.
even the bjp is planning a similar high-voltage show.
its star campaigner, prime ministerial candidate narendra modi, will address two election rallies at nawada and buxar on wednesday.
even regional parties like the jd(u) and rjd have intensified their campaign with chief minister nitish kumar and rjd president lalu prasad making whistle-stop tours of the state.
according to election commission norms, the names of star campaigners have to be submitted to the poll panel within seven days of notification of the elections.
a recognised party can invite as many as 40 star campaigners while a registered but unrecognised one can invite 20.
the congress and the bjp have made full use of the star campaigner provision.
the parties have submitted a list of 40 names to the poll panel.
regional parties are not far behind in spicing up their campaign by adding star power.
be it the jd(u), the rjd, bsp, ljp or the cpi(ml) they have submitted names of 40 star campaigners each.
according to the list of star campaigners submitted to the chief electoral officer, bihar, the congress has roped in leaders like prime minister manmohan singh, union home minister sushilkumar shinde and union law minister kapil sibal among others.
rahulji and soniaji have confirmed their attendance at rallies on tuesday and thursday.
the dates when the prime minister and other senior leaders would address rallies in bihar is yet to be communicated to the state unit, said prem chandra mishra.
leading the pack of bjp star campaigners is its prime ministerial candidate modi, party president rajnath singh, party patriarch l.k. advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and murli manohar joshi among others.
state bjp spokesperson and newly elected mlc sanjay prakash mayukh said: rajnathji would address an election meeting at aurangabad, taradih, ara and jamui on april 3.
though we have apprised election commission about campaign programmes by leaders like advaniji, sushmaji and jaitleyji, the dates have not been decided yet.
bsp president mayawati and bengal chief minister mamata banerjee might also turn up to seek votes for candidates of their respective parties in bihar.
the aam aadmi party has submitted names of its leading faces like former delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal, prashant bhushan and shazia ilmi for electioneering in the state.
however, the partys bihar founder member ratnesh choudhary seemed doubtful of their arrival to campaign in the state.
kejriwal, ilmi and kumar viswas would be busy in their respective constituencies of varanasi, amethi and ghaziabad.
thus, there is not much probability they would come to bihar for electioneering, said choudhary.
no actors, cricketers none of the parties is inviting actors, cricketers or other celebrities, unless in the party, for electioneering duty in bihar, as apparent from the list they have submitted to the poll panel in bihar.
several actors-turned-politicians will be in bihar over the next couple of weeks.
the congress has submitted names two star campaigners  its ghaziabad candidate raj babbar and the meerut candidate, actress nagma  to the poll panel.
the bjp has submitted names of cricketer-turned-politician navjot singh sidhu and actress smriti irani.
jrd tata sports complex, which will host the passport camp on august 20-21 here's a golden chance for jamshedpureans to get passports without going all the way to ranchi for verification of documents.
the ranchi-based regional passport office will organise a two-day seva camp at jrd tata sports complex in the steel city this weekend, where 400 applications will be processed.
speaking to the telegraph over phone from ranchi, assistant passport officer bhaskar seal said that the process of booking online appointments for the august 20-21 camp would begin on wednesday.
the applicants will have to log on to the official website, www.
passportindia.gov.
in, to file applications online and book appointments.
the camp on both the days will be held from 9am to 5pm, seal said.
a team headed by regional passport officer sanatan will be present at the site for verifying documents of the applicants, besides taking their biometric fingerprints and photographs.
each applicant will be required to make online passport fee payment of rs 1,500.
no cash transaction will be done at the camp.
passport- seekers will have to go to the camp, carrying receipt of the online payment and other necessary documents for date of birth, address proof and school-leaving certificate, seal said.
he added that those who were born on or after january 26, 1989, would have to produce the date-of-birth certificate issued by local municipal bodies as proof of age.
while those born before can produce their matriculation certificate as proof of age.
seal also asked prospective applicants to bring two passport-size photographs pasted on a white paper so that in case the pictures clicked at the camp get corrupted, they can use the ones submitted by the applicants.
in all, we will accept 400 fresh applications in two days.
on the first day, there will be 225 appointments while the rest 175 have been kept for the second and concluding day, he said.
the jrd tata sports complex has been selected for the camp as it is centrally located.
jamshedpur doesn't have any passport office.
passport-seekers apply for the mandatory travel document online and have to go to the regional passport office in ranchi to verify their documents.
the weekend camp, therefore, is expected to be a huge hit.
no wonder, singhbhum chamber of commerce and industry (scci) today shot a letter to union foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, requesting her to extend the drive for a fortnight.
there are many passport-seekers in the steel city.
a rough estimate worked out by us puts the figure at over 5,000.
the two-day camp can take care of only 400 applicants.
therefore, we have requested the union minister for extending the camp for a fortnight so that more people are benefited, said suresh sonthalia, president of the trade outfit.
gurumurthy, gadkari new delhi, nov.
14: rashtriya swayamsevak sangh adviser s. gurumurthy today wrote to nitin gadkari, saying he had found no evidence of wrongdoing by the bjp chief legally or morally in the purti matter.
the clarification came a day after the chennai-based chartered accountants serial flip-flops on the bjp leader, whose purti group of companies have come under media glare for alleged financial irregularities.
gurumurthy, who had earlier exonerated gadkari following a hush-hush probe, said in the letter he had clearly told members of the bjp core committee last week that he had not found evidence of wrong-doing while investigating documents related to the purti group.
i had professionally examined the purti papers and expressed my professional views.
but i saw sections of (the) media giving political colour to my professional views, he said.
yesterday, gurumurthy had virtually disowned gadkari and then defended him in a span of four hours, the flip-flops coming on twitter.
he claimed he did not know gadkari well at all, had not given him a clean chit and that it hardly mattered to him whether the bjp chief continued to head the party or not.
he also claimed a businessman (like gadkari) should not helm a political party.
he later deleted his initial tweets and said he had given gadkari a clear chit.
in his missive, gurumurthy urged gadkari to share his explanation with the core committee members, included arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he also requested the bjp chief to release the letter to the media, which he did.
bjp sources said gurumurthy had been told off by rss leaders, who felt he had over-projected their hand in the probe he conducted into gadkaris financial dealings.
phrases like rss ideologue, sangh-inspired and such like were resented by the leaders, a bjp source said.
although there was no official explanation from the bjp on what caused gurumurthys flip-flops, sources claimed he was new to twitter and had tripped over while commenting on his articles on gadkari.
new delhi, oct.
20: bjp national chief amit shah today described arun jaitley as a leader from a privileged class and a media darling who has spent most of his life in lutyens delhi but praised the finance minister for voicing the concerns of rural india.
shah was speaking at the party office after releasing a book authored by jaitley, who is also a lawyer of formidable reputation.
he comes from a privileged class and has spent most of his life in lutyens delhi but, if you read his articles, you find the voice of the people residing in rural india, shah said.
the book, andhere se ujale ki aur (towards light from darkness), is a hindi translation of the blogs and articles written by jaitley, mainly focusing on the controversies under the 10 years of upa rule.
the english collection was released in 2014.
shah spoke about his differences of opinion with jaitley on the question of writing in english and said he repeatedly urges him to write in hindi to reach a larger audience.
the bjp president said although jaitley was seen as a darling of the media, his articles have also been critical of the media.
arunji ko mana jata hai ki media ke darling hai lekin unhone media ke upar critical lekh bhi likha hai (arunji is regarded as a darling of the media but he has written articles critical of the media), shah said.
in bjp circles, prime minister narendra modi and shah are both projected as leaders from humble backgrounds who have struggled to reach the top.
the two are also seen as outsiders in lutyens delhi, known to be dominated by people from privileged backgrounds.
shah lavished praise on jaitley's achievements as union finance minister and counted the goods and services tax and the voluntary income disclosure scheme as big successes.
he described jaitley as a  safal vittya mantri (successful finance minister).
while mentioning the minister's privileged background, shah also recalled that jaitley had spent 19 months in jail during the emergency.
in a lighter vein he added that jaitley had gained 10kg during his jail stint, saying it indicated his good mood and spirit.
arunji told me he had gained 10kg while in jail.
that shows that he encountered emergency in a good mood and spirit, shah said with a smile.
jaitley had undergone weight-loss surgery after the modi government came to power in 2014.
shah said jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj's performance as leaders of opposition in parliament had laid the foundation for modi's spectacular victory in the 2014 elections.
the chief guest at the release, rajya sabha mp swapan dasgupta, described jaitley as more than a politician and said he epitomised some of the best and noblest traditions in indian politics.
like deendayal upadhyaya of the old days, he said, jaitley was the bjp's modern-day ideologue.
upadhyaya was an ideologue of the jana sangh, the bjp's parent.
dasgupta, known as a friend of jaitley, spoke on jaitley's funny side - the one-liners with the potential to make public life difficult for the leader.
he said jaitley has been advised to call a friend and vent out the one-liners - not say them in public.
on his part, jaitley rued the slow death of humour and satire in politics in recent times.
new delhi, jan.
30: an indian businessman was arrested at an airport in north dakota on saturday morning but his detention is unrelated to us president donald trump's executive order banning the entry of citizens from seven countries for 90 days, indian and american officials said today.
paraman radhakrishnan, a baroda-based businessman, was detained after he allegedly threatened airport security staff and claimed he had a bomb in his bag, according to a statement from the grand forks international airport.
radhakrishnan, who was on his way from grand forks - a city of 50,000 residents - to minneapolis, was held at the city's correctional facility and is scheduled to be produced before a court on monday.
his family had sent messages on twitter to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who responded this evening.
i have asked for a report from the indian ambassador in the us, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
the 53-year-old radhakrishnan is director of a clean energy firm, devki energy consultancy, and was in the us on work, indian officials in washington and chicago said.
the indian consulate in chicago - under whose jurisdiction north dakota falls - has contacted local authorities in grand forks, officials said.
the consulate has a new boss - consul general neeta bhushan took charge the day before radhakrishnan was arrested.
us secretary of state rex tillerson with minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj during a joint press conference after the meeting in new delhi on wednesday.
picture by prem singhnew delhi, oct.
25 (pti): india and the united states on wednesday asked pakistan to dismantle the terrorist infrastructure operating from its soil, asserting that terror havens inside that country would not be tolerated.
tillerson said he had asked the pakistani leadership to take action against terror groups and said an enhancement in their capabilities may pose a threat to the government in islamabad.
terror havens will not be tolerated, tillerson said at a joint press conference here with swaraj.
a host of issues, including ways to further boost defence and security cooperation and trade ties, were discussed by swaraj and tillerson.
the us secretary of state said the trump administration was ready to share its best technology for india's military modernisation, adding that it looked forward to discussing deals for f16 and f18 fighter jets with new delhi.
he said india was crucial to us-afghanistan strategy and his government was looking at strengthening cooperation with india in the indo-pacific region.
in a topsy-turvy world, social media open up routes for the expression of the anti-social.
compassion, admiration and good sense provoke threats of extreme violence couched in almost insanely aggressive rhetoric.
a 26-year-old writer in jaipur had, while admiring dipa karmakar's achievement, deprecated in her tweets the need for the gymnast to perform the produnova, the vault of death, to gain points, while gymnasts from rich countries had no compulsion to risk their lives because of better training and infrastructure.
she concluded that risking one's life for a medal for any damned country was not worth it.
the aggression on twitter that this unleashed, with threats of rape and murder, laid bare the extent to which values and understanding have been turned on their heads.
it was a strident exhibition of ignorance, demonstrating the ready hatred that at present endangers any expression marked by intelligent thinking.
this hatred is turned on anyone suspected to have a decent level of education and articulation, especially if the language used smacks of the 'west', from which a simple step in unreason can establish the person's disrespect for the motherland (and possibly a craving for beef).
and if it is a woman speaking her mind thus, the violence acquires a quality of elation.
rape has become almost institutionalized as a threat.
perhaps the fact that the gymnast in question is also a girl who went a long way towards success with minimum help sharpened the aggression.
the writer's tweets underlined the girl's dedication, prompting images of the hundreds of times she must have practised the vault in order to perfect it, and therefore the hundreds of times she actually risked her life.
just as no value is attached to concern or respect, so courage, hope, the determination to reach for the stars, the deep faith of a coach are meaningless when the trolls are out to 'get' the female who dared suggest that the government does little to support struggling sportspeople with training and infrastructure.
the one bright spot in the story is that the police acted on the first information report filed by the writer.
but would they have acted as promptly had the writer not complained to sushmaswaraj swaraj and maneka gandhi first?
why did she feel the need to do that?
besides, the police paused to ask what the complainant had meant by damned country.
she had to clarify that she had not meant india.
obviously, the instruments of official power, too, are now imbued with ignorance and a dangerously misplaced over-sensitiveness.
why blame the police when the erstwhile minister for human resource development found the word, 'dear', unacceptable as a form of epistolary address in a tweet?
india celebrates the freedom of ignorance nowadays, not that of various and thoughtful points of view.
un on marines rome, feb.
13 (pti): un secretary general ban ki-moon has asked italy to bilaterally resolve the marines row with india.
its better for the question to be addressed bilaterally, rather than with the involvement of the un, ban was quoted as saying by italian news agency ansa, sparking a fury in italy.
the comments came a day after italy petitioned the un over the marines trial under a strict anti-piracy law for the killing two indian fishermen.
statue heat melbourne (pti): the national gallery of australia has filed a lawsuit against indian-origin art dealer subhash kapoor over a $5 million deal for a 11th century nataraja statue which was allegedly stolen.
the gallery had bought the bronze statue in 2008.
sushma relief new delhi: the supreme court has stayed all proceedings pending in madhya pradesh high court against bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj in an election petition filed by her rival congress nominee rajkumar patel.
he had filed the case in connection with the 2009 lok sabha elections to the vidisha parliamentary constituency.
iit suicide dehradun (pti): an iit roorkee student has allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan inside his hostel, police said.
a suicide note found says udai tanajirao biradare, a second year mtech, took his life as he had let down his parents.
visa fraud charges melbourne, feb.
13 (pti): an indian-origin couple have been arrested and charged with a visa scam in which clients paid for fake marriages to australian women to enter the country.
chetan mohanlal mashru and divya krishne gowda were arrested two days ago in brisbane.
mumbai-born mashru and his australia-born wife were yesterday produced before a court which granted them conditional bail.
they face up to 10 years in jail if convicted.
balu dead chennai: director-cinematographer balu mahendra, who created tamil masterpieces like azhiyatha kolangal, moodu pani, moondraam pirai and veedu, died in chennai on thursday after a heart attack.
he was 75 and is survived by his wife and son.
army post new delhi (pti): major general konsam himalaya singh, a specialist in jammu and kashmir operations who hails from manipur, has become the first officer from the northeast to be promoted as lieutenant general.
medha choice mumbai: medha patkar has announced she would be contesting the lok sabha elections from maharashtra as a representative of the national alliance of people's movements.
the activist, however, added that a decision on whether to contest on an aam aadmi party ticket or an as an independent and the constituency was yet to be taken.
pak show hyderabad (pti): a 16-member group from pakistan will perform in hyderabad and delhi as part of the india pakistan culture connect: joint celebrations for union of hearts, starting from friday.
the event will continue till february 19.
flight scare kuala lumpur (pti): an indigo flight from singapore to chennai was on thursday forced to make an emergency landing here after a package found in the toilet triggered a bomb scare.
upon landing, the flight was evacuated and officials found three gold bars inside the package.
the plane resumed its journey later.
chandu babulal chohan at the wagah border after he was handed over by the pakistani army.
(pti) jan.
21: pakistan today released an indian soldier who had crossed into its territory within hours of the indian army's september surgical strike in a gesture officials here said appeared timed to portray islamabad as responsible before a new regime in washington.
the pakistan army and foreign office, in separate statements, said chandu babulal chohan had crossed the line of control in an act of desertion following grievances against his superiors in the indian army.
india has officially insisted till now that chohan had crossed over inadvertently and the foreign office here had not contested pakistan's claim till late evening.
but pakistan emphasised it had persuaded chohan to return to india and address his grievances through formal mechanisms, almost echoing the indian army chief who has criticised soldiers who have turned to social media to air frustrations.
the release, at the wagah border at 2:30 this afternoon, came less than a day after donald trump was sworn in as america's 45th president with little clarity in both new delhi and islamabad over his administration's south asia policy.
traditionally, pakistan has sought america's formal intervention in the resolution of the kashmir dispute, while india has insisted that all disputes between the neighbours must be resolved by them alone, bilaterally.
but both india and pakistan have for long also sought washington's pressure on the other, by portraying themselves as more responsible than the other.
as a gesture of goodwill and in continuation of our efforts to maintain peace and tranquility (sic) along line of control and working boundary, sepoy chandu babulal chohan has been convinced to return to his own country, pakistan's inter-services press relations, the army spokesperson's office, said in a statement today.
both countries have made gestures, since trump's november 8 election, to try and portray themselves as more mature than the other.
pakistan sent its top diplomat - prime minister nawaz sharif's foreign policy adviser sartaj aziz - to amritsar for a meeting on afghanistan's future, though india had boycotted the south asian association for regional cooperation summit in islamabad.
last month sharif and aziz had both sent messages to ailing indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj wishing her a speedy recovery, while prime minister narendra modi had wished his pakistan counterpart on his birthday on december 25.
last week, junior defence minister subhash bhambre had told reporters that pakistan had signalled it would soon release chohan.
it did so today - with a touch of solidarity, but also a barb.
india and pakistan had bitterly argued over their description of operations on the night of september 28-29 last year along their de facto border.
india called the operations a surgical strike aimed at launch pads from which pakistan-based terrorists were about to attack india.
pakistan insisted the indian army had merely carried out heavy cross-border bombardment, and had taken foreign journalists to border areas where the surgical strike was believed to have taken place, to try and buttress its argument.
but neither india nor pakistan has officially ever linked chohan crossing over to the surgical strike despite the timing and the fact that the soldier was posted with the 37 rashtriya rifles, close to the strip along the loc where the indian strike occurred.
for pakistan, any link would have been tantamount to accepting that indian soldiers had crossed into its territory for a surgical strike.
for india, the link would have meant acknowledging a botch-up in implementing its cross-border strike.
today, pakistan continued abstaining from any link between chohan and the surgical strike.
but by asserting that chohan had deserted the indian army - the pakistan army statement referred to grievances of maltreatment against his commanders - pakistan also hit at a recent series of embarrassing allegations indian security forces have faced.
soldiers from multiple indian paramilitary forces and the indian army have in recent days uploaded videos on social media claiming poor facilities and ill treatment by superiors, prompting a clampdown on the use of such platforms to air grievances.
new delhi.
aug.
18: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit myanmar on august 22, the senior-most indian leader to travel to that country since the government of aung san suu kyi's national league for democracy came to power earlier this year.
sushma will meet suu kyi, the foreign minister in the new government, and president htin kyaw.
her visit comes at a time india and china are wooing myanmar, which too is carefully balancing signals to both its larger neighbours.
china had traditionally backed the military junta that the nld replaced.
india, after years of maintaining a distance from the junta, edged closer to the military regime to avoid allowing beijing strategic control over the shared neighbour.
the nld and suu kyi had maintained their distance from china.
but suu kyi has over the past two years edged closer to china under president xi jinping.
she is currently visiting beijing, her choice to travel there before new delhi highlighting her growing proximity to china.
new delhi, jan.
27: lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj will file an affidavit in the supreme court to apprise the court of the true facts leading to the appointment of p.j. thomas as the central vigilance commissioner.
she claimed that a statement the government made before the supreme court today on thomas was not correct.
the bjp leader decided to move the apex court after attorney-general g.e. vahanvati informed a three-member bench, headed by the chief justice, that the documents relating to the two-decade old palm oil corruption case against thomas were not circulated among the panel that chose him.
the selection panel consisted of prime minister manmohan singh, union home minister p. chidambaram and sushma.
briefing the press today, bjps chief spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said that right from when the cvcs appointment process began, sushmaswaraj was against him because of the pending prosecution and pleaded with the prime minister and the home minister to defer the decision, if only by a day.
prasad added when the prime minister and chidambaram determinedly went ahead with thomas, she had no choice but to record her dissent in the final note.
she later told journalists: but this government is speaking one untruth after another.
so far, i have stayed away from judicial proceedings.
i have now decided to file an affidavit in the supreme court.
prasads poser to the prime minister was: the nation would like to know when did you learn about the criminal prosecution against thomas and how did you hear about it?
recalling that former us president richard nixon, too, had claimed that he had no idea when the investigation into the watergate episode heated up, prasad alleged that the thomas affair led to the prime ministers doorstep.
he had an alibi in (a) raja in 2g spectrum and (suresh) kalmadi in cwg.
but how does his government function?
the prime minister first defended raja and then said he didnt know anything.
the funds for the cwg were going from the pmo but the prime minister said he didnt know anything.
what do you know mr pm and how much do you know?
asked prasad.
manmohan singh, pj thomasnew delhi, april 6 (pti): prime minister manmohan singh has approved new guidelines for the appointment of a chief vigilance commissioner (cvc) a month after p.j. thomas was removed as head of the anti-corruption watchdog.
sources said today that a new cvc is expected to take charge within a month after clearance by a committee comprising prime minister manmohan singh, home minister p. chidambaram and sushmaswaraj swaraj, leader of the opposition in the lok sabha.
last month, the supreme court quashed the appointment of thomas as cvc because he was facing corruption charges.
personnel secretary alka sirohi said the new guidelines for appointing the cvc had been framed according to the top courts suggestions.
we have sent a letter to all ministries, departments and public sector units (psus) asking them to suggest names for the cvc, sirohi said.
the government has already received a few recommendations, including the names of punjab governor shivraj patil and the countrys first female ips officer, kiran bedi, for the post of cvc.
sources said the guidelines would broadly highlight the annual confidential report, dossiers and cvs in case of government servants, as mandated by the apex court.
clearance by the intelligence bureau is believed to have been suggested for some candidates.
in case of a private candidate, a self-declaration by the sponsored person would be required, sources said.
the upper age limit of the candidate is understood to be 61 years, with 33 years of experience in case of government officials.
it has been proposed that a detailed note of applications received and rejected and the short-listing criteria be explained before the selection committee.
the supreme court had struck down the appointment of thomas holding that the recommendation by the high-powered committee headed by the prime minister is non est (does not exist) in law because of charges against thomas in a palm oil import case.
the court had said future appointments should not be restricted to civil servants alone and that people of impeccable integrity from other fields should also be considered.
thomas was the telecom secretary before he was made the cvc in september last year.
the government appointed thomas as cvc despite swarajs dissent.
new delhi, july 15: the gaza cry has done for the congress what the trai wails didnt.
the party today saw the rest of the opposition echo its concerns over israeli air strikes on gaza and walk out of the lok sabha after the government refused to pass a resolution condemning the attacks.
the unified protests came a day after several opposition parties, including trinamul, backed the governments bill to legitimise the appointment of former trai chief nripendra mishra as principal secretary to prime minister narendra modi, the split in the ranks leaving the congress virtually isolated.
today, trinamul, aiadmk, samajwadi party, left and the peoples democratic party (pdp) walked out with the congress, as did its ally ncp.
the turn of events offered the congress hope it could become a pivot of an opposition coalition, something the ruling bjp is seen trying to thwart.
the trigger was a statement by venkaiah naidu on the gaza attacks.
the house is aware that it is a highly sensitive matter and also concerns foreign policy.
we have a stated policy with regard to our approach towards palestine and towards israel as far as the government is concerned, we do not propose to bring any resolution, the parliamentary affairs minister said.
naidus statement led to angry protests.
the opposition, particularly the congress, viewed his stance as a departure from what the party claimed was indias stated pro-palestine policy.
the issue was first raised by the pdps mehbooba mufti.
the congress, trinamul, left, the samajwadi and other parties joined her, condemning israel and demanding the resolution in a din that led to two adjournments.
i want the nda government to use its offices and convey the concern of this house to israel so that they stop the attacks, mehbooba said.
congress mp shashi tharoor picked up the theme.
we have witnessed in the last few days tremendous humanitarian tragedy, 192 people have been killed, including 37 children.
indians and the congress party have consistently stood for peace and justice in the area of palestine, tharoor, a former junior foreign minister, said.
but naidu stood his ground, telling reporters later that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would make a statement and clarify that the government could not have a resolution over a conflict between two countries.
we are pro-israel.
we are pro-palestine.
sensitive matters like this should not be coloured by political considerations, naidu said.
india, among the first few nations to recognise the palestinian claim to a separate state, continues to support palestine in un bodies.
but since the early 1990s, when the narasimha rao government began diplomatic relations with israel, new delhi has nuanced its position on the conflict, criticising violence but attempting to appear neutral.
narendra modi new delhi, oct.
1: india today abandoned its argument linking the ratification of the paris climate-change pact to the country's bid to join the nuclear suppliers group amid concerns that new delhi risks losing a crucial bargaining chip.
prime minister narendra modi had last sunday declared that india would ratify the paris deal on october 2, overriding warnings against any haste from within his government.
environment minister anil dave today told a news conference that the decision had followed lengthy domestic consultations on its likely implications, and was not linked to india's quest for membership of the nuclear suppliers group.
his remarks appeared to contradict multiple statements by india's foreign ministry in recent weeks that had tied the pact's ratification to india's entry into the 48-member cartel of nuclear exporters.
the subject of ratification is looked after by the prime minister and the ministry of environment, dave said.
there is no connection between ratification and the (nsg) membership.
if different views have been expressed in different forums, they might have said that in their own capacity.
the different views have included public comments --- and diplomatic arguments with the us --- by the foreign ministry using the carrot of india's ratification to ensure aggressive american lobbying for nsg membership for new delhi.
the grouping is expected to meet later this year to consider india's membership application.
senior government officials, including foreign secretary s. jaishankar and niti aayog vice-chairman arvind panagariya, had as recently as last month said that india was not ready to ratify the paris deal this year.
former indian climate-change negotiators and experts too had warned that immediate indian ratification of the agreement could jeopardise new delhi's negotiating clout as it waits for the promised technology transfer and finances from the west.
there are unfinished negotiations over technology transfer and financial incentives promised to us, former environment secretary and indian climate-change negotiator prodipto ghosh told the telegraph.
by hardwiring our commitments at this stage, we risk losing leverage over these subsequent negotiations.
the paris climate-change pact becomes legally binding on all countries that ratify it a month after 55 nations accounting for over 55 per cent of the world's carbon dioxide emissions ratify it.
india, which accounts for 4.
1 per cent of global emissions, will join 61 countries --- including the world's biggest emitters, china and the us --- that have already ratified the agreement and cumulatively represent 51.
8 per cent of the emissions.
the european union, which accounts for another 12 per cent of global emissions, this week announced it would ratify the pact too.
the moment the eu submits its instruments of ratification to the un, the 55 per cent target will stand met, starting the one-month countdown for the agreement's legal enforcement on all ratifying nations.
new delhi's pledges include plans to reduce its emissions intensity by 33 to 35 per cent from the 2005 level by 2030.
india plans to have non-fossil fuels contribute 40 per cent of its energy mix by 2030.
but india has also signalled that it expects at least $1 trillion -- half the size of the country's current economy --- from the developed countries over 10 years to support its shift towards a low-emissions economy without compromising growth.
in addition, india and other emerging economies want the industrialised nations to facilitate access to inexpensive technologies to help them shift to clean-energy options.
these expectations remain unmet.
at the g20 summit in hangzhou last month, panagariya, india's lead negotiator, had wrangled with his counterparts to ensure that the final communiqu issued by the grouping did not pressure its members to ratify the paris pact this year.
us president barack obama, however, has made it clear that he views the implementation of the pact during his presidency, which ends next january, as a key part of his legacy.
but india, panagariya had said, wasn't ready yet.
i felt we were not quite ready yet in terms of the domestic actions that are required for us to ratify or at least commit to ratify within 2016, panagariya had said.
it's unclear how, less than a month after panagariya's statement, the government feels convinced enough to ratify the pact.
it is regrettable that the announcement of the ratification has been rushed, said thiagarajan jayaraman, head of climate policy at the tata institute of social sciences, mumbai.
india had time to ratify (the pact) and, just as at the g20, could have refused an urgent declaration of ratification or even an urgent timeline.
in june this year, india had added to the demands for technology transfer and financing a subtle third demand from the west, and especially the us, in exchange for ratifying the paris pact.
new delhi had argued, after china blocked its bid to join the nsg at a special plenary of the group, that a delay in its membership would affect the execution of its paris commitments.
our application has acquired an immediacy in view of india envisaging 40 per cent non-fossil power generation capacity by 2030, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup had said.
an early positive decision by the nsg would have allowed us to move forward on the paris agreement.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had repeated the argument during the annual strategic dialogue with us secretary of state john kerry in new delhi in end-august.
it's an argument that will not hold after india formally submits its instruments of ratification to the un tomorrow.
shillong, aug.
27: tura mp conrad k. sangma today recalled his meeting with mother teresa, as he prepares to attend the cannonisation of the saint of the gutters by pope francis.
sangma is one of the parliamentarians chosen to be part of the indian delegation to be led by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to the vatican for the canonisation of mother teresa next sunday.
mother teresa came home one day and i was the one who opened the door.
she was there and i almost fainted.
she came, sat and said that she had come to meet us and pray for us, sangma, who was a student then, said, recalling the visit to their home in delhi in the 1990s.
she was so simple and humble and yet her presence was amazing and powerful, sangma, the youngest son of late purno agitok sangma, said from new delhi.
the indian delegation will comprise union minister harsimrat kaur badal and parliamentarians k.v. thomas, jose k. mani and anto anthony, goa deputy chief minister francis d'souza, secretary-general of the catholic bishops' conference of india most rev.
theodore mascarenhas and others.
a film festival will mark the canonisation of mother teresa where her life and teachings will be showcased across the world to spread the message of peace, love and service to humanity.
the mother teresa film festival will be held across 100 locations in india and in around 50 countries.
the festival, which began yesterday in calcutta on mother teresa's birth anniversary, will culminate on february 25 next year.
she had spent more than 45 years on the streets of calcutta serving the poor and the sick and had founded the missionaries of charity.
the festival is being organised by the world catholic associations for communications (india chapter).
in shillong, the festival will be held from september 6 to 9 at the u soso tham auditorium, where nearly 20 films on the catholic nun's life will be screened.
the festival will also be held in jowai, west jaintia hills, from september 14 to 17.
other places in india where the films will be showcased include delhi, mumbai, chennai, bangalore, udaipur, guwahati, patna, indore, ranchi and in four locations in kerala.
the festival will also travel to countries like the uk, malaysia, ireland, italy, australia, thailand, myanmar, bangladesh, sri lanka and china.
dipak mishrapatna: closure still eludes the relatives of those from bihar who were among the 39 indians murdered in iraq by isis.
neither have they received any money from the government, nor have they got the bodies of their loved ones.
except for one person, the dna of the five other victims from bihar has been matched.
the indians were abducted in june 2014 and till recently the external affairs ministry had not conceded that they had been killed.
i've been told it will take another week for the body to arrive, asland vikram, brother of santosh kumar singh, one of the indians slain in mosul, iraq, said on wednesday.
the body is still lying in mosul.
as for compensation, we are yet to receive a single paisa.
the state government's compensation of rs 5 lakh to each family is delayed because the government claims it is still awaiting a report from the siwan district magistrate.
congress mla vijay shankar dubey had sought to raise the matter in the assembly through a call attention motion on wednesday.
it could not be debated because the house was adjourned.
the compensation the state government is seeking to give is a pittance, said dubey.
the punjab government has been paying rs 20,000 per month to each family from the day they were abducted in 2014.
here, the government is seeking to give rs 5 lakh under the scheme for migrant labourers.
he pointed out how, more recently, when three biharis were killed in bangalore, the karnataka government showed more compassion than bihar by ensuring that their bodies reached their village and paid rs 5 lakh to each family swiftly.
in may 2015, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had written a letter to chief minister nitish kumar (a copy of which is with the telegraph) saying that family members of bidya bhushan tiwari and santosh kumar singh (two of those abducted) had met her and told her of the economic hardships the families were facing.
swaraj had requested nitish to follow the example of punjab, which was giving rs 20,000 each to families of the abducted per month.
her ministry sent another letter with the same request to bihar chief secretary anjani kumar singh.
a letter written by labour commissioner gopal meena on march 23 asked the siwan district magistrate to send a report on the families of those killed so that compensation can be given.
a labour department official recently came and took away documents, but we have not heard anything since, said vikram.
new delhi, april 1 (pti): an indian woman was allegedly asked to strip by security officials at frankfurt airport, prompting foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to seek a report from the indian consul-general.
raveesh - plz send me a report on this, sushmaswaraj tweeted today.
according to a post by the passenger, shruthi basappa, on the frankfurt airport's facebook page, she, her icelandic husband and four-year-old daughter were on our way to our next transit flight to berlin.
basappa, an indian passport holder, says she was asked to undergo a random check without explanation.
she was taken into a room and asked to lift my dress/ take it off.
.
.
to make sure i wasn't carrying anything under my clothes - in front of her daughter.
she adds: i hate to play the race card here, but i was the only person pulled aside and peeking at my husband instantly changed the woman's mind about the strip search.
anita joshuakulbhushan jadhavnew delhi: pakistan has allowed kulbhushan jadhav's mother and an indian diplomat to accompany his wife when she meets her jailed husband and suggested december 25 as the appointed day.
christmas day is of high symbolic value for the subcontinent: it is not only the birth anniversary of muhammad ali jinnah but also the day chosen by prime minister narendra modi for his surprise lahore diplomacy two years ago.
pakistan had earlier offered access to the wife of jadhav, who is described by new delhi as a retired naval officer and accused by islamabad of espionage.
the neighbour has now expanded the offer to include his mother and a diplomat and assured them full security.
till date, no one from the indian mission in islamabad has been allowed a meeting with jadhav, who has been sentenced to death by a pakistani military court.
india, therefore, officially does not have any information on his physical condition or his whereabouts.
the first indication of his whereabouts could come from the visa that will be issued to the two women as both countries give only city-specific visas.
in a letter received by india on friday, pakistan has said the visit may take place on december 25, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
pakistan's foreign office spokesperson was more definitive on the date of the visit, saying in islamabad that the visit should happen on 25th december, 2017.
if the visit does take place on december 25, it will be the second christmas thaw in otherwise stalled bilateral relations after the drop-by visit by modi on the same day in 2015 on his way back from afghanistan.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to jadhav's mother avantika and informed her of pakistan's readiness to facilitate the visit.
we are in touch with the mother and wife to see if the date offered by pakistan for the visit works for them, kumar said, pointing to a series of tweets posted by the minister.
india's request to allow jadhav's mother to visit him has been pending since april and was iterated by new delhi after pakistan's offer on november 10 to facilitate a meeting with his wife.
taking advantage of that olive branch, india informed pakistan that jadhav's wife wanted his mother to accompany her.
india also sought a sovereign guarantee from islamabad to ensure the safety, security and well-being of the two women, and that they would not be questioned, harassed or interrogated during their stay in pakistan.
both countries routinely question visitors from the other country, and many are issued only police reporting visas which mandate that the visitor report at a designated police station upon arrival and before departure.
although a diplomat will be present at the meeting, kumar refused to be drawn into interpreting this as consular access which has been repeatedly denied to india since jadhav's arrest in march 2016.
it is too early to predict the nature of the access being offered, kumar said.
a jawan checks the identity cards of two motorbike riders during curfew in srinagar on saturday.
(pti)new delhi, aug.
27: india will next week try to prise egypt away from the organisation of islamic cooperation's criticism of its position on kashmir to counter pakistan's lobbying with the influential group amid tense diplomatic jostling between the neighbours over clashes in the northern state.
the move represents the start of an effort to get friendly muslim countries to speak out with india against pakistan-backed terrorism in kashmir, even if they can't do so from the oic platform that regularly criticises new delhi, officials have confirmed.
the plan to try and - one by one - flip muslim countries away from pakistan's position comes at a time islamabad too is escalating diplomatic jockeying with key countries across the globe - from belgium to south africa - through political envoys.
pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif today announced that he had picked 22 mps who will divide up lobbying efforts with nine capitals - washington, london, moscow, beijing, paris, brussels, riyadh, ankara and pretoria - against brutalities in indian kashmir.
for india, the lobbying with influential oic members is important because the 57-member group otherwise represents a powerful bloc whose support for pakistan bolsters international perceptions of human rights abuses by new delhi.
most of our partners, they have very good relations with us, but when it comes to oic, they allow somebody else to run the agenda, so that is something that we are trying to change because we would want our friends to take a stand, amar sinha, secretary (economic relations) in the foreign ministry, said yesterday.
they take a public posture, but what they tell us privately, there is slight gap and we would like that what they tell us privately, they should also say publicly and take a stand.
sinha confirmed india would articulate this concern during meetings between prime minister narendra modi and egyptian president abdel fattah al sisi, who is scheduled to visit new delhi next week.
that is an issue that we will raise with them, he said.
sharif's special assistant on foreign affairs, tariq fatemi, had on august 22 held a meeting in islamabad with the envoys of all oic member states over the grave human rights violations in indian occupied kashmir, according to a statement from the pakistan foreign office.
the oic countries should raise their voice and play their role in ending bloodshed in indian-occupied kashmir and ensuring the realisation of the right to self-determination of the kashmiri people, fatemi had said.
the recent diplomatic spat over kashmir is rooted in near-daily clashes between protesters and security forces in the state that have left over 60 people dead, following the killing of hizbul mujahideen militant burhan wani last month.
india has blamed pakistan for instigating the protests and sending across militants to lead attacks on security forces.
pakistan in turn has accused india of state terrorism in kashmir.
pakistan's foreign ministry has over the past month repeatedly said it will highlight the kashmir clashes during the un general assembly in new york next month.
india, officials here said, is expected to respond by emphasising at the unga human rights abuses by pakistan in balochistan, as modi already has twice this month - first at an all-party meeting on kashmir and then in his independence day address.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will lead the indian delegation to the unga this year.
pakistan forgets that it bombs its own citizens using fighter planes, modi had told mps from different parties on august 12.
the time has come when pakistan shall have to answer to the world for the atrocities committed by it against people in balochistan and pakistan-occupied kashmir.
modi's comments have sparked expectations from baloch groups of consistent support from india.
baloch activists have waved the indian tricolour at recent protests against pakistan - both in balochistan and overseas, including in leipzig today.
but india wants to guard against any attempt by pakistan to convince the oic - which includes members from four continents - to collectively bring a resolution critical of india, officials said.
though any such resolution would likely be defeated, it would force india to spend its diplomatic energy through september in lobbying dozens of other un member states just on blocking the move.
for pakistan, the lobbying announced today by sharif is aimed at blunting india's greater influence with non-muslim countries, including major powers like the us, france, uk and russia, ahead of the unga session, pakistani officials said.
anita joshuanew delhi: pakistan on thursday claimed that indian high commission officials in islamabad had agreed to media presence at a distance, in line with international norms, during the visit by family members of kulbhushan jadhav.
india has accused pakistani journalists of harassing the family and making offensive remarks.
no specific distance was agreed to.
.
.
(but) the situation on ground in (the pakistani foreign ministry) was shown to the officers of (the) indian high commission (on) the evening of 24 december and they consented to it, pakistan said.
foreign minister khwaja asif issued a statement, and the pakistani foreign office another, countering india's claims and its objections to the wife and mother of jadhav having to change their clothes and take off their mangalsutra, bindi, bangles and shoes.
the change of clothes and removal of jewellery/ornaments, etc, was purely for security reasons.
.
.
.
all their belongings were returned to them before they left.
the wife's shoes were retained as they did not clear the security check.
a metal chip has been found in one of the shoes, which is being analysed, asif said.
the foreign office said the drill had been explained to the two women and the indian deputy high commissioner, and none of them objected to it at that point.
according to sushmaswaraj , jadhav's mother had told the pakistanis her bindi and mangalsutra were signs of her marital status and she had never removed them, but they did not relent.
asif said that many routine airport security checks for ordinary people entail the removal of crosses and veils.
trying to distort an agreed security check and attempting to portray it as a deliberate religious/cultural disrespect denotes bad faith and is regrettable, he said.
islamabad underscored that its humanitarian gesture to facilitate the family meeting did not obviate the fact that commander kulbhushan jadhav is a serving indian naval officer and a convicted indian terrorist and spy responsible for multiple deaths and destruction in pakistan.
india says jadhav is a former naval officer and had been kidnapped from iran, where he has business interests, and taken to pakistan.
new delhi, april 26: foreign secretary s. jaishankar offered his pakistan counterpart coffee and quiche.
but pakistan had a different menu in mind - kashmir and alleged indian spy kulbhushan jadhav.
sharp differences in priorities today hit the first meeting between the foreign secretaries since the pathankot attack, hobbling attempts to revive a stalled dialogue on which their prime ministers have staked their personal diplomatic capital.
the only agreement between jaishankar and aizaz ahmad chaudhry was to remain in touch, after an hour-long meeting on the margins of the heart of asia conference on afghanistan, senior officials from both nations said.
but the meeting made clear that even keeping the comprehensive bilateral dialogue - agreed to when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited islamabad last december - just alive will not be easy.
chaudhry insisted the kashmir dispute stay at the centre of bilateral talks and held up the arrest of jadhav as evidence of indian attempts at destabilising pakistan.
he also referred to recent comments by nia chief sharad kumar that they had no evidence against a key accused in the 2008 samjhauta express blasts, in which 42 pakistanis died, to suggest india needed to do more against terrorism.
jaishankar rejected the charges that india was trying to foment separatist movements in pakistan, insisting on early and visible progress in the pathankot attack probe and demanding consular access to jadhav.
india insists he was not a spy and was abducted from iran, where he worked as a businessman.
foreign secretary jaishankar clearly conveyed that pakistan cannot be in denial on the impact of terrorism on the bilateral relationship, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said after the meeting.
the foreign secretaries sat at right angles on two sides of a coffee table in jaishankar's office.
on the table were cups of tea and coffee, and plates of quiche and patties.
both sides insisted they were willing to discuss all outstanding disputes, and were keen to revive the comprehensive dialogue that received thrust from narendra modi and nawaz sharif when the indian leader visited lahore last christmas.
the indian foreign office called the talks frank and constructive.
pakistan's foreign ministry said the meeting provided a useful opportunity to discuss concerns.
but pakistan made clear that today's talks would not suffice as the meeting where the foreign secretaries are assigned to draw up a road map for multiple parallel negotiations on differences ranging from kashmir to water spats.
the two countries had agreed that the foreign secretaries would meet in islamabad for that road map, before the meeting - originally scheduled for january 15 - was postponed because of the january 2 attack on the pathankot airbase.
jaishankar would need to travel to pakistan if india wanted to revive talks, chaudhry suggested.
the foreign secretary underscored the need for early commencement of comprehensive dialogue for which the indian foreign secretary's visit to pakistan is due, the pakistan foreign ministry said.
indian officials insisted that the revival of the comprehensive dialogue would depend on quick progress in probes into the pathankot attack and the mumbai terror strikes.
jaishankar also quizzed chaudhry on pakistan's reluctance to allow the listing of jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar in a un sanctions list.
but chaudhry threw back at jaishankar comments by the nia chief earlier this month suggesting the agency had no evidence against lt.
col.
purohit, a former indian army officer accused of plotting the samjhauta express blasts.
the foreign secretary also conveyed concern over the environment being created in india for the release of the prime suspects of the samjhauta express blasts, the pakistan foreign office statement said.
by evening, the failure to arrive at any meaningful breakthrough became evident, when chaudhry skipped a dinner hosted by the foreign office for the delegations of pakistan and afghanistan.
the pakistan foreign secretary flew back home just after 7pm.
despite weeks of back-and-forth discussions over the alleged spy arrested by pakistan, the two sides remained unable to even conclude on a single name for him.
india insists his name is jadhav, while pakistan had repeatedly called him yadav and today referred to him as jadev.
new delhi, feb.
8: a final resolution to the parliamentary impasse seemed in sight today after the government indicated to the opposition that it was willing to concede its demand for a joint parliamentary committee to probe the 2g spectrum allocation.
the opposition, in turn, unanimously recognised the need for a smooth conduct of the budget session that begins on february 21.
the opposition-government divide was straddled in a meeting convened by finance minister and leader of the lok sabha pranab mukherjee this afternoon.
bjp patriarch l.k. advani said that, while there were no gains or losses for either the ruling coalition or the opposition from the game of brinkmanship, the biggest casualty of the recent developments was governance.
peoples faith in the system is beginning to erode because of corruption.
the recent occurrences have undermined the credibility of the political class and raised questions over their ability to govern.
all of us together should send out a message that we take these issues seriously, said advani, the chairman of the nda parliamentary party.
virtually reciprocating advanis gesture, mukherjee wrapped up the discussions, declaring that no price was bigger than that for restoring normalcy in parliament.
opposition sources saw it as the first substantive hint from the government that it would accede to the pressure on a jpc that it had resisted throughout the wasted winter session.
mukherjee  who last month had compared the opposition to the maoists for disrupting parliaments functioning  also conceded in todays meeting that every party wanted to put an end to the deadlock, said sources in the congress, bjp and the left.
barring the bahujan samaj party (bsp), every representative reiterated the demand for a jpc.
it seems that the bsps nominees, brajesh pathak and dara singh chauhan, only emphasised the need for normalcy but were silent on the otherwise unanimous call for a panel.
they refused to say a word when contacted.
there was a small difference of opinion on procedure: the government wanted to kick in the process of setting it up after a debate in the house, the bjp felt it should first move a motion of intent in the rajya sabha and lok sabha and then initiate the discussion.
she later informed journalists that a formal proposal was awaited.
we reiterated our demand and we are hopeful that the issue will be resolved.
the route leading to a jpcs formation begins with a motion that will be moved by the government in both houses with the formal approval of the lok sabha speaker and the rajya sabha chairperson.
once the motion is adopted  with or without a debate  the modalities of membership fall in place.
the rules state that the panel cannot be announced outside parliament.
sources said the panel would only examine the 2g spectrum allocation and not the other scams the bjp had asked for.
however, government sources more or less ruled this out, saying even the cag had conceded its findings were preliminary.
our special correspondentnew delhi: afghanistan president ashraf ghani will visit india on tuesday in a brief touchdown that would coincide with us secretary of state rex tillerson's scheduled arrival from pakistan, setting the stage for delhi-washington talks at a time america has made clear its regional expectations.
the visits come at a time the us has already emphasised that it is keener on a regional rather than a bilateral agenda.
india would, however, hold separate discussions with afghanistan and america, with the talks with tillerson slotted for wednesday.
tillerson's maiden trip to india as secretary of state comes in the backdrop of washington's strategy for south asia and afghanistan that president donald trump unveiled recently with an expectation that india do more in the war-ravaged country.
while he had fleetingly brought up the strategic relationship, the emphasis was more on india's role in afghanistan.
we appreciate india's important contributions to stability in afghanistan, but india makes billions of dollars in trade with the united states, and we want them to help us more with afghanistan, especially in the area of economic assistance and development, trump had said.
we are committed to pursuing our shared objectives for peace and security in south asia and the broader indo-pacific region.
when tillerson made an important policy statement on the india-us relationship last week, the emphasis was on getting new delhi in its corner in the indo-pacific region as part of washington's china-containment policy and on a role for both india and pakistan in afghanistan.
while india has made it clear it does not want to reverse its policy of no indian boots on the ground in afghanistan, new possibilities in development assistance could be discussed by the two sides during ghani's visit.
according to a statement on the visit put out by the foreign office, both sides will have the opportunity to review the entire gamut of multifaceted bilateral strategic partnership, including the new development partnership.
the two sides, the statement added, would hold consultations and coordinate on furthering the shared objective of promoting peace, security, stability and prosperity in afghanistan and efforts to combat the menace of terrorism; and discuss regional and global issues of mutual interest.
ghani is expected to meet president ram nath kovind, prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he would also deliver a public address at the vivekananda international foundation (vif), a think tank that has been a recruiting ground of sorts for the modi government for institution heads.
last week, national security adviser ajit doval - a former vif director - had met ghani in kabul, where the invitation from modi for this visit was handed over.
the past month has seen a series of exchanges between the two countries.
that includes the visit of afghanistan's chief executive abdullah abdullah when an agreement was signed for training afghan national police personnel in addition to india's ongoing assistance for the afghan national defence and security forces.
new delhi, may 27: fresh assaults on africans and a comment by tourism minister mahesh sharma have further dismayed african students and diplomats here, hitting the government's attempts to firefight protests over last weekend's murder of a congolese man in delhi.
yesterday's attacks on africans in a south delhi neighbourhood and on a nigerian student in hyderabad came amid serial speeches by the prime minister on his government's second anniversary - and his absolute silence on the recent assaults.
sharma was today quoted by a news agency as describing the may 20 murder of masonda ketanda olivier as unfortunate while appearing primarily concerned that it would give a bad name to india.
he then seemed to paint all of africa as unsafe.
india is a large country and such incidents will give a bad name to india, sharma was quoted as saying.
it is an unfortunate incident.
however, even africa is not safe.
the fresh attacks and sharma's comment triggered fresh concerns within the african diplomatic and student community, though senior african envoys said they would like to give the indian government a chance to punish the accused.
the minister is right, that crimes do happen everywhere and must be tackled everywhere, niankoro year samake, the ambassador from mali, told the telegraph this evening.
but india cannot fulfil its aspiration of world leadership if it does not accept people of all races.
junior foreign minister v.k. singh had yesterday attended the government-organised celebrations for africa day, the 53rd anniversary of the creation of the organisation of african unity.
african envoys, after earlier threatening to boycott the event, had attended following a series of assurances from singh and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
for the narendra modi government, easing the tensions with africa is critical ahead of a spate of visits the prime minister, vice-president and president are to make to the continent.
but at the africa day celebrations, ghanaian high commissioner samuel yinyin yalley recited a poem he had penned, and other diplomats chose polite but sharp words, to underscore their continuing concern at what they see as mostly racist attacks.
the overnight attacks since then haven't helped.
a 23-year-old nigerian student was attacked over a parking tiff in hyderabad yesterday, while mobs thrashed africans seemingly at random in a south delhi village.
i have also asked shri amar sinha, secretary (economic relations) of my ministry to speak to chief secretary, telangana, and monitor this, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
by evening, the association of african students in india (aasi) --- the apex body of the 10,000-odd students from the continent here -- had announced a march on may 31 at new delhi's protest hub, jantar mantar.
think about this, if africa is united, then we're all brothers and sisters and someone has killed our brother, the group said in a facebook post.
the kenyan high commission issued an advisory to all prospective students from the country asking them to submit all their details first to the mission.
african heads of missions here had warned in a statement earlier this week that they had been left with little choice but to advise their governments to discourage students from travelling to india.
aasi president abdou brahim suggested that sharma's comments drawing a parallel with crime in africa were inappropriate and inaccurate.
crime happens everywhere, but in africa we do not have ordinary people attacking our guests normally, brahim told the telegraph.
if the indian government wants to say anything about racism and crime, they should address their own population here.
brahim said that sharma's comments had ignored a reality that african students -- and many indians -- increasingly faced on the streets in india.
india as the world's largest democracy has a reputation to keep, including the rule of law, brahim said.
but here, we see that for every tiny dispute on the streets, people attack you.
he said that the africans in india were increasingly feeling insecure: it's only street justice here.
jaipur, aug.
17: a jaipur woman has been trolled and threatened with rape and death for tweeting her mind about gymnast dipa karmakar trying the vault of death in rio.
in serial tweets ahead of sunday's olympics vault final, the woman had voiced concern about dipa trying the produnova.
it was an incredible achievement, she said, but gymnasts from rich countries did not have to try such risky stuff to gain points.
they could attempt easier vaults and pull them off better simply because of better infrastructure, better training, better everything, she had tweeted.
in effect, dipa would be risking her life for an olympic medal, which was not worth it for any damned country.
the tweets set off such an angry and abusive reaction on twitter that the woman, said to be a writer, had to seek the help of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and women and child development minister maneka gandhi.
swaraj spoke to rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje, who called up jaipur police commissioner sanjay agarwal.
a senior police officer was sent to the woman's house the same day.
the next day, the police lodged a case against three unknown persons under sections 66d (punishment for cheating by using computer resource) and 67 (punishment for publishing or transmitting obscene material in electronic form) of the information technology act.
in her complaint filed on monday at pratap nagar police station, the woman had listed the twitter handles from which she was trolled.
i have faced life and rape threats generally and particularly from the handles @thedrunkrider, @rajeshraj927 and @vivekmmishra and attacks on my modesty as a woman, the complaint said.
even after the trolling, the woman, who stays with her parents and has been provided police security, had continued tweeting.
she said the police had registered a complaint of online abuse but questioned her use of the word damned.
after she explained that she had not used it to describe india, the police let it go, she tweeted.
then she sprung the question: what if she had used the word for india?
was there no freedom of speech left in the country?
her twitter account was locked around 8.
50pm on wednesday, with her tweets no longer visible.
one of her last tweets before the account was locked included a list of things she could not do in india.
another said she was sick and tired of the entire episode.
the woman could not be contacted for comment.
kunwar rashtradeep, the dcp (east), said he had gone to the woman's house around 11pm on sunday after getting a call from the chief minister's office.
she said she felt relieved after talking to us.
although she is a frequent twitter user, such a thing has happened to her for the first time.
she seemed nervous that day but is still active on twitter.
we think she was trolled because she used the words 'damned country'.
her abusers can be from anywhere but we think it is more likely they are from india and rajasthan.
he said the police had contacted twitter but since its server was outside india, it would take time to find out the identity of the abusers.
new delhi, oct.
31: prime minister narendra modi has overridden foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's outreach programme of sending senior ministers to countries yet to be visited by anyone from the current government.
an order from the prime minister's office today said that those visiting these 68 nations would be junior ministers, rather than cabinet ministers and ministers of state with independent charge as sushmaswaraj had envisaged.
sushma had in september written to all the senior ministers allotting each a minimum of two countries they had to visit before the year ended.
while the latest order does not state the reason behind the change of plan, sources suggested the prime minister wanted his cabinet ministers in delhi during the winter session of parliament, which starts on november 16.
senior officials from the prime minister's office confirmed the latest order but foreign ministry mandarins claimed they had not been informed about it.
today's order sent officials in the various ministries rushing to cancel the arrangements for their ministers' scheduled trips and draw up new itineraries for the junior ministers, triggering what one of them described as chaos.
the problem is that some of the ministers of state do not even have a passport, which must now be applied for, said an official in a ministry.
also, this creates a protocol issue.
the missions in countries that cabinet ministers were to visit have already sought appointments with their prime ministers or equivalent leaders.
now, with the junior ministers going, fresh appointments need to be sought with officials on a par with their ranks.
with many of the visits having been planned during late october and november, several ministry officials and mission heads were feeling the heat.
one senior minister was to leave for a southeast european country in the second week of november and had secured a visa and several appointments with that country's officials, including its prime minister.
today, her private secretary was coordinating with the indian embassy there to cancel the visit.
my minister's trip had been planned long ago and was originally meant to take place in september; but it got postponed to november as the mission's new head was to join then, said the private secretary of another union minister.
this minister's junior lacks a passport.
there's chaos at the moment, but i guess that's how government works, the private secretary said.
the problem is that despite the change of plans, the december deadline for the outreach programme stays.
among the previous assignments were: hungary for home minister rajnath singh; denmark and iceland for urban development minister venkaiah naidu; panama and nicaragua for road transport minister nitin gadkari; the republic of congo for parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar; romania for women and child development minister maneka gandhi; mauritius for consumer affairs minister ramvilas paswan; germany for steel minister chaudhary birender singh and botswana for tribal affairs minister jual oram.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the government on wednesday launched a study in india scheme showcasing its top higher education institutions in an ambitious initiative to attract more foreign students and eventually increase their number to two hundred thousand over the next five years.
the hrd ministry has selected 160 institutions under the programme, which would create 15,000 additional seats this year for students from abroad.
higher education secretary r. subrahmanyam said the institutions had agreed to either fully or partially waive the fees for 55 per cent of these additional seats.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj launched the study in india portal that provides all the information the foreign students need.
a presentation by the education consultancy of india ltd (edcil) quoted a study by hsbc to say that the cost of education in india was a fourth of that in the west.
english being the medium of instruction is an added advantage, edcil chairman diptiman das said.
he said the target was to enrol two lakh foreign students by 2023.
according to the all india survey of higher education report for 2015-16, 45,000 foreign students were enrolled in indian institutions.
new delhi, dec.
19: narendra modi is second only to barack obama as a twitter top draw among world leaders, but the prime minister's colleagues have been slow to hop on.
barring modi, none of his ministers figures in the top 20 most followed tweeter, according to a report by twitter india, despite the prime minister's diktat to his team to use the social networking site actively to reach out to the public.
while bollywood biggies and cricketers continue to dominate the india list, modi is the only politician in the top 10, with 8.
7 million followers, says the report based on 2014 figures so far.
among politicians worldwide, modi trails only the us president, who has 51.
4 million followers.
but while modi's twitter billings have risen at the fastest clip in the india category, amitabh bachchan, shah rukh, aamir and salman khan have more followers.
the big b has a whopping 12 million.
after modi, former ips officer kiran bedi has the most followers among indian politicians, though she too does not figure in the top 20 list.
aam aadmi party chief arvind kejriwal and congress leader shashi tharoor come next, but none has even half the numbers commanded by modi.
among union cabinet members, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj stands at a distant number two, when compared with modi, with 1.
98 million followers.
finance arun jaitley - who also holds the information and broadcasting minister portfolio - is next, tailed by his hrd counterpart smriti irani.
while modi stands out in follower count, in terms of trends - the topics most discussed on the site - related to politics, the aap led the list.
but around half of the trends in this category were about support for the bjp.
the most talked-about issues on the site, however, were outside politics.
according to the report, rohit sharma's record-breaking 264 against sri lanka last month took pride of place, overtaking the front-runner till then - rajinikanth's message to his fans that he was joining twitter.
in terms of the most newsy topics, the kashmir floods scored over all others.
guwahati, june 30: after the ruling congress, the agp today hit out at the modi administration on visa relaxation for bangladeshi nationals and land-swap deal.
leaders of the agp, including its president and former chief minister prafulla kumar mahanta, staged an over two-hour demonstration in front of raj bhavan here this morning to register their protests on both issues.
they submitted memoranda to president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi through governor j.b. patnaik in this regard.
we have strong reasons to believe that the bjp has taken a u-turn on the issues of land-swap deal with bangladesh.
during election campaigns, bjp leaders promised the people of assam that not a single plot of land would be handed over to bangladesh.
but during her recent visit to bangladesh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj reportedly toed a soft line on the land-swap deal with the bangladesh authorities.
the agp will not tolerate any leniency on such a sensitive issue, agp general secretary durgadas boro told the telegraph.
boro alleged that by making the proposal of visa-free entries to india for bangladeshi nationals of certain age groups, the bjp-led nda government was actually planning to convert assam into a refuge of bangladeshis.
the proposal for visa-free entries to bangladesh nationals under the age of 18 and over the age of 65 came up during an inter-ministerial meeting convened by the ministry of external affairs and chaired by foreign secretary in new delhi on june 11.
the assam government received a formal communiqu about the meeting on june 13.
chief minister tarun gogoi and the congress have already raised strong protests against the visa-free entry proposal.
boro said the agp had opposed modis recent visit to bhutan to inaugurate a big dam construction project in the neighbouring country.
by inaugurating the big dam project in bhutan, modi has signalled that his government would also allow such projects in arunachal pradesh.
we have demanded the bjp-led nda government at the centre clear its stand on big dams, boro said.
the asom yuba parishad, a youth wing of the agp, staged a demonstration in front of the office of deputy commissioner in dibrugarh on similar issues.
boro said the agp had also demanded that the centre take stringent measures to curb price rise of essential commodities.
new delhi, march 17: indian officials suspect that either militant groups or pakistan's intelligence agencies may have abducted two sufi clerics from new delhi who were visiting the neighbouring country but went missing yesterday.
the foreign office had yesterday formally communicated its concerns over the disappearance of 82-year-old syed asif nizami and his 66-year-old nephew nazim ali nizami to pakistan.
the two are a part of the family that runs the nizamuddin dargah in new delhi, and were visiting pakistan to see syed nizami's sister who lives in lahore.
on friday, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj publicly sought an update from pakistan.
we have taken up this matter with government of pakistan and requested them for an update on both the indian nationals in pakistan,  sushmaswaraj wrote on micro-blogging site twitter today morning.
by evening, pakistan foreign ministry spokesperson nafees zakaria confirmed the indian request, in a media briefing, and said pakistan's interior ministry - the equivalent of india's home ministry - was investigating the incident.
but an official here pointed to the little that is known about the movement of the two clerics after they reached pakistan to suggest their disappearance was orchestrated.
the two clerics flew into lahore on march 8, and were to return on march 20.
the clerics visited the shrines of khawaja fariduddin ganjshakar - widely known as baba farid - just outside lahore and of the data darbar inside lahore, according to photos they shared with their families, officials said.
they were boarding a flight from lahore to karachi when they were stopped - the older man was asked to continue on the plane, while the younger man was asked to stay back, according to a call nazim made to his family, officials said.
the phones of both the clerics have since been switched off.
many of pakistan's extremist militant groups view sufism as a violation of the tenets of islam, and have targeted sufi shrines and gatherings.
in february, terrorists bombed a sufi shrine in sindh province, killing over 70 people.
officials did not explain why they suspected pakistan's intelligence agencies may have abducted the clerics.
but a pakistan official suggested that the detention of the clerics because of improper documents could not be ruled out.
new delhi, may 30: narendra modi has asked his ministry colleagues to use social media extensively, seeking to tap in governance a platform believed to have helped him during the elections.
information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar has written to all ministers urging them to use twitter, facebook and youtube to initiate discussions, seek feedback and incorporate valuable suggestions, besides maintaining a constant dialogue with people.
this is in adherence to the vision of prime minister narendra modi, who desires to use the social media platforms extensively for transparency and better governance, the letter states.
javadekar has urged his colleagues to put out information on policy initiatives through the new media wing  a division in his ministry created by the upa government but one likely to get greater impetus now.
the social media push is also being seen as the modi administrations attempt to contrast its approach with that of the manmohan singh government, which was widely perceived as a poor communicator and unresponsive.
in his letter, javadekar said the special wing would help all ministries package and place information, widen reach and improve response management, leading to a 360-degree communication.
several top bjp leaders and union ministers, including modi, rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, already use social media intensively.
many have facebook pages.
modi also uses his personal website to interact with people.
our bureaujamshedpur: over two years after deaf-mute girl geeta came back to india in october 2017 from pakistan, a couple from kantaboni village in chakulia, 100km from jamshedpur, have claimed she is their long-lost child.
potter couple arun and keshari pal on monday are in delhi to meet union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to claim geeta as their daughter, their niece and neighbour sulata pal told this paper on monday.
kaka-kaki are prepared to undergo a dna test, sulata said, adding the couple met some ministry officials.
the couple's daughter was also named geeta, was deaf-mute and of the same age.
arnab gangulya photograph of harjit masih (below), the lone survivor, at his home in gurdaspur.
his mother shindargurdaspur: for four years manjeet kaur had been waiting to hear about her husband devinder singh, who went to iraq in 2011 from jalandhar's chak desh raj village.
the last time i spoke to him was on june 15, 2014.
we were repeatedly told they were alive.
manjeet refuses to believe the minister.
hope is still alive.
let him come and see how we have planned his welcome, she said.
till late on tuesday evening, the family members had only heard sushma's statement on tv and were yet to receive any official communication.
twenty-seven of the 39 victims are from villages in punjab who had gone to iraq in search of employment.
gyan kaur (right) reacts to the confirmation of the death of her husband balwant rai in khan ke village near jalandhar on tuesday.
(afp)punjab chief minister amarinder singh said the news was not unexpected.
they should have informed the families earlier, the congress veteran said, referring to the centre.
shattered at the heart-wrenching news.
my heart goes out to the families who had been living in hope since the reported abduction by the is in 2014, amarinder tweeted.
the family members of some of the victims told this newspaper the centre should have handled the issue in a sensitive manner.
the minister (sushma) has exploded a bomb on us.
for the last four years we had been asking the government for the truth.
we were told they were safe and we waited for their safe return.
now we hear on television that they will never return, said hardeep singh, whose son manjinder is among the victims.
his sister gurpinder kaur, a resident of amritsar, demanded that the families of the victims be shown the dna reports.
seema (left), her sons karan and arjun and her mother-in-law jeeto (right) react following the confirmation of the death of seemas husband sonu in chawinda devi village near amritsar on tuesday.
(afp)why did she (sushma) keep saying they are alive and that she would bring them back?
she could have said she would bring them back only if they were alive.
the government should show us the dna reports.
we have many questions to ask of the minister, gurpinder told a news channel.
kanwaljit kaur, the mother of 25-year-old dharmendra kumar of batala village in gurdaspur, said: i have not lost hope.
i have short-listed some girls for him and am anxiously waiting to see him as a groom.
at gurdaspur's kala afghana, the home of harjit masih, the only attack survivor, his mother shindar heaved a sigh of relief.
i never had the courage to ask him what happened in iraq.
i was relieved he had come back alive.
he kept telling the government (the rest were dead) but no one believed him.
he has been accused of killing those hapless people and has to appear in a gurdaspur court, she said.
family members of aman kumar at passu village near dharamshala on tuesday.
(pti)the 39the external affairs ministry has released the names of the 39 indians who were killed in iraq by the islamic state.
of the deceased, 27 are from punjab, six from bihar, four from himachal pradesh and two from bengalpunjab: dharminder kumar, harish kumar, harsimranjeet singh, kanwaljit singh, malkit singh, ranjit singh, sonu, sandeep kumar, manjinder singh, gurcharan singh, balwant rai, roop lal, devinder singh, kulwinder singh, jatinder singh, nishan singh, gurdeep singh, kamaljit singh, gobinder singh, pritpal sharma, sukhwinder singh, jasvir singh, parvinder kumar, balvir chand, surjeet mainka, nand lal, rakesh kumarbihar: santosh kumar singh, bidya bhushan tiwari, adalat singh, sunil kumar kushwaha, dharmendra kumar, raju kumar yadav (to be verified)*himachal: aman kumar, sandeep singh rana, inderjet, hem rajbengal: samar tikadar, khokon sikdar*in the case of raju kumar yadav from bihar, the dna test has thrown up only 70 per cent confirmation.
the iraq foundation which conducted the tests requires a 98 per cent match.
our special correspondentnew delhi: indians living in zimbabwe are safe, the external affairs ministry has said after a military takeover.
india's ambassador in zimbabwe r. masakui tweeted at midday: situation in harare is calm.
embassy staff, indian community, both pio and expat, are safe.
no reason for concern and worry.
at night, minister sushmaswaraj swaraj repeated the reassurance.
there are about 9,000 zimbabweans of indian origin.
the indian expatriate community is small at 500, mostly engaged in software, accountancy and banking.
new delhi, dec.
28: the trinamul congress today insisted that all references to lokayuktas be dropped from the lokpal and lokayuktas bill, 2011, when it is taken up in the rajya sabha tomorrow.
as things stood late this evening, the centre, it was learnt, was disinclined to give in to its allys demand for amendments to unshackle the state-level, anti-graft ombudsman from central control.
some trinamul mps, however, said finance minister pranab mukherjee, the upas chief trouble-shooter, might speak to their chief mamata banerjee later tonight.
a party mp said the bengal chief minister was against the bill in its present form.
she feels autonomy of states is the guiding principle of our parliamentary democracy.
she also feels parliament is the supreme authority and there cannot be any other ombudsman for tackling corruption.
most parties, including the main opposition bjp, bjd, aiadmk and the left, had raised the same issue of federalism in the lok sabha yesterday, where the bill was passed amid a walkout by the bsp and the samajwadi party.
trinamul rajya sabha members derek brien, mukul roy and sukhendu sekhar roy today gave notices for moving several amendments regarding the lokpals purview vis--vis lokayuktas.
they also proposed deleting the word lokayuktas.
around 6.
15 this evening, trinamuls parliamentary party chief in the rajya sabha mukul roy, lok sabha leader sudip bandyopadhyay and brien met mukherjee for a 50-minute meeting.
he shared a government proposal but we are pretty much going ahead with our pre-meeting plans, brien said.
lokayukta cannot be a part of the lokpal bill.
it has to be treated separately.
states must be allowed to decide, said a party mp.
asked if trinamul was co-ordinating with the bjp, brien said: i simply called on (arun) jaitley on his birthday.
government sources admitted that their numerical position in the upper house would become more precarious if the trinamul members  five mps now as one is abroad  turned against the bill.
but more than numbers, we would have to live with the humiliation of an ally turning against us.
we suffered a setback on fdi in retail on account of trinamul.
we are up against a similar situation, a congress minister said.
we hope trinamul is indulging in tough posturing.
in the lok sabha yesterday, trinamul had voted with the government after the centre moved an amendment that said lokayuktas would be appointed only with state consent.
bjd member bhartruhari mahtab, who had sought delinking lokayuktas from the control of the central ombudsman, said the pacifier fell far short of his expectations.
sources, however, said that when the bjd approached trinamul for its support, its leaders were non-committal.
they said we need to ponder over it, a bjd source said.
this morning, the attitude changed.
trinamul lok sabha mps and central ministers saugata roy and sudip discussed the issue of federal autonomy with bjd leaders and said they appreciated its political rationale.
bolstered by trinamuls pro-activism, bjp opposition leaders jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj told a joint media conference this afternoon that federalism and the fight against corruption were not antagonistic concepts and both could co-exist.
sushma, jaitleynew delhi, march 18: the bjp plans to move a privilege motion against prime minister manmohan singh, accusing him of misleading parliament with incorrect information in his statement on the 2008 trust vote today.
contesting the prime ministers assertion that nobody from the congress or the government had indulged in any unlawful act and paid bribes to secure votes, the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha arun jaitley cited the report of a parliamentary committee that went into the allegation.
the report said sanjeev saxena, who reportedly came as former samajwadi party mp amar singhs representative to deliver cash, was a bribe-giver wittingly or unwittingly and that he could very well be giving bribe with a view to influencing the members in their parliamentary conduct.
the committee, headed by congress mp v. kishore chandra s. deo, noted that since it was unclear on whose behalf saxena acted, his role needed further investigation.
jaitley asked singh whether as the prinicipal beneficiary of the trust vote victory, he was not guilty of breach of privilege in not complying with the recommendations.
the opposition has given a notice for a debate in the lok sabha on march 22 and the rajya sabha on march 23.
vladimir putin (top); narendra modi new delhi.
oct.
29: prime minister narendra modi had this july dubbed russia indias best friend.
less than four months later, moscow is putting that claim to test.
russian president vladimir putin is sending deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin to india next week to hunt for support from modi to sustain a sanctions-hit russian economy, senior officials from both nations have confirmed to the telegraph.
rogozins visit is aimed at catalysing fresh trade and investment commitments from india, and marks a dramatic reversal in roles after decades when moscow played saviour to a struggling new delhi when it faced economic restrictions or outright sanctions from the west.
these are tough times, and in such times, you turn to friends in hope, a russian official said, speaking on condition of anonymity because he is not allowed to talk to reporters.
these are also times when friendship is tested.
multi-phase sanctions by the us, european union, canada and australia in response to putins annexation of crimea and the continuing battles in eastern ukraine have isolated moscows economy from the west to levels unknown to a post cold war-era generation.
the sanctions started by targeting individuals close to putin, then expanded to isolate russian banks and key corporations.
russias overwhelming dependence on earnings from the sale of its most valuable asset  oil  hasnt helped with crude prices dipping far lower than moscow had planned for, a challenge the poker-faced putin has accepted in public statements in recent days.
prices of food and other essential commodities have spiked in recent weeks, as the sanctions have prevented russia from imports it has relied on to stock up its markets.
we sense desperation we havent often seen, an indian official familiar with russias recent requests to india said.
i think were happy to help in any way we can.
officially, no deals will be announced during rogozins visit, during which he will chair an inter-government commission with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and meet modi.
rogozins visit is a part of preparatory talks between india and russia ahead of putins scheduled trip here in the second week of november.
it is only during president putins visit that any agreements and commitments will be formally made and announced, a second indian official said.
but indias readiness to welcome rogozin, this official said, should itself demonstrate new delhis commitment to moscow.
although rogozin has for the past three years been putins points-person for ties with india, the outspoken deputy prime minister was among the first set of individuals placed on a sanctions list by the us in march after russia annexed the crimean peninsula.
he is also virtually persona non grata in several other countries because of his remarks  in may, rogozin threatened on twitter to fly a bomber into romania after bucharest refused to allow his plane to enter its airspace.
but india has rejected the sanctions against russian leaders, banks and corporations, citing the principle that these were not authorised by the united nations.
hard strategic thinking too is steering india clear of any hint of criticism of russia  the sanctions have already pushed moscow closer economically to beijing, flush with resources new delhi cant match.
weve never even suggested that we want someone else to represent president putin in ties with us, the official said.
surely that should say something about how independent our relationship with russia is.
that relationship, though, has traditionally seen india depend on russia when it faced sanctions or threats from the west  times when almost no other major nation stood by new delhi.
russia refused to join sanctions imposed by the west against india after its nuclear tests in 1974 and 1998.
in the early 1960s, it agreed to transfer technology to co-produce the mig-21 jet aircraft  technology it had refused china.
in 1971, russias support for india in its war with pakistan helped blunt americas attempts to spook new delhi by sending the seventh fleet of the us navy to the bay of bengal.
modi nodded to that history at his first meeting with putin as prime minister, in brazil on the margins of the brics summit in july.
if you ask anyone among the more than one billion people living in india, who is our countrys best friend, every person, every child knows that it is russia, modi had told putin.
he now faces the expectation that india will requite russia.
new delhi, july 23: as l.k. advani became the first person to thump the table with the greatest gusto when president pratibha patil catalogued her successor pranab mukherjees attributes in parliaments central hall this evening, many in the bjp wondered what possessed the veteran to go in for a contest in the first place.
especially when the bjp failed to find a nominee from within its parivar and was forced to back a candidate sponsored by the bjd and the aiadmk and failed to draw more allies -- at least for the moment.
today, b.s. yeddyurappa spoke glowingly of mukherjee in, of all the places, the karnataka assembly and counselled p.a. sangma to not move the court against the president-elect.
it wont look nice to go against the president of india, which is an honourable post.
so, in our national interest, i will write to sangmaji to even stop thinking about taking the president to court, said yeddyurappa, who has emerged as the face of dissidence in the bjp after he was ousted as karnataka chief minister almost a year ago.
many in the bjp supported yeddyurappa silently today.
what was the purpose of this exercise except to satisfy advanijis ego?
if he wanted to make a point of principle by asserting the oppositions right to contest the presidential election, it would have made more sense to field a person from the bjp.
the left did it more honourably when it put up (the late) lakshmi sehgal against a.p.j. abdul kalam.
she had stature, a legacy to make the left proud.
i am sorry to say this but a person like sangma looks for an opportunity to make it big.
is he committed to the bjps ideology?
a party leader asked.
sources said that from the time the bjp, specifically advani, embarked on the presidential contest, many felt that not only would the exercise bring out the faultlines in the nda coalition but it would also expose the divide in the bjp.
the fears came true when several bjp legislators cross-voted in favour of mukherjee.
everybody knew that the karnataka crisis persisted even after (jagadish) shettar was brought in as chief minister.
three yeddyurappa loyalists were not accommodated in the ministry.
sadanand gowdas men were left out.
their resentment was bound to spill out and the presidential poll was a good opportunity, a source said.
advani left it to a general secretary dharmendra pradhan, who looks after karnataka, to ensure that a united house voted for sangma.
trouble is no one takes pradhan seriously in bangalore, the source said, adding that the other seniors like nitin gadkari, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj, whose word might have carried weight, had switched off.
sushma, close to advani, was initially enthusiastic.
but as the fight looked one-sided, she backed off.
at the core of the bangalore-delhi divide was the notion prevailing among most karnataka bjp members that most central bosses were out to quarry their resource-rich state for their personal gains.
sources said the fact that yeddyurappa spoke his mind out to the congresss delight and the bjps discomfiture was proof of another clear trend in the party: the shift in the power balance from delhi to the states.
narendra modi, vasundhara raje and yeddyurappa were the satraps to have openly cocked a snook at the high command in recent times.
many believe that its a matter of time before shivraj singh chauhan of madhya pradesh and raman singh of chhattisgarh follow suit.
bomb dhamake bandh ho aur hum baat karein to aawaaz dono ko sunayi degi, lekin agar bomb dhamake chalte rahe to usme baatcheet ki aawaaz dab jaayegi.
aur ye baat inhi alfaz mein unhone nawaz sharif sahib se kahi.
(if bomb explosions stop and we speak, we will be able to hear each other.
but if the explosions continue, the sound of our dialogue will get buried.
the minister said that although she had taken charge today, i began work yesterday by being present to assist the prime minister in all his meetings with saarc leaders and the mauritius leader.
i think the talks were very successful the prime minister did not stick to a script.
he told all saarc leaders that saarc is often subsumed by bilateral issues and loses its prominence in the world.
we would like it if bilateral issues are left for the countries involved to sort out amongst themselves, then saarc can play a special role and gain prominence, she said.
the minister said: we told pakistan that we want good relations with it.
but for good relations, the talks can be effective and successful only if terror activities stop.
in talks with the sri lankan president, modi had raised the issue of fishermen as well as the reconciliation process to meet the aspirations of island nations tamil-speaking people.
india has been urging lanka to implement the 13th amendment, introduced to devolve power to provincial councils based on the provisions of the indo-sri lanka accord of 1987.
we have strong trade relations with japan.
but america has its own significance, she said, adding she would be speaking to us secretary of state john kerry shortly.
she asserting that every issue raised by the congress on the rafale deal has been clarified by the supreme court.
unsatisfied by the minister's reply during the question hour, congress members, including former prime minister manmohan singh, staged a walkout.
congress leader anand sharma, in his supplementary query, demanded that the government make public the minutes of the meeting between prime minister narendra modi and former french president fracois hollande held last year on the rafale deal, and settle the controversy once for all.
controversy is there in your mind.
all the controversy issues that you (congress) raised, the supreme court has clarified on each of them.
please don't use the word controversy again.
she said, the whole country knows there is no controversy.
the supreme court has cleared each issue.
if you still think there is a controversy, then no one can reply.
on that day, the supreme court verdict (on rafale deal) was pronounced.
he (the french minister) was very happy.
he expressed joy and felt there was no need to have discussion, she said.
controversy is there in your mind.
all the controversy issues that you (congress) raised, the supreme court has clarified on each of them.
please don't use the word controversy again.
sushma swarajon the indo-french fund for developing a script for co- production of films, swaraj said the french delegation had visited mumbai and had a discussion with bollywood representatives besides meeting the maharashtra chief minister.
france's edf and india's npcl are looking into it.
six epr units are to be set with each unit having a capacity of 1650 megawatt.
once it is ready, it will be the world's largest nuclear plant, she said.
the project was reviewed in march last year, when the rate of power per unit and setting up of a reference plant were also discussed.
we will proceed after seeing the model plant.
we have decided about the dates, she added.
our special correspondentrahul gandhi.
file picturenew delhi: having led a successful midnight candle march, an aggressive rahul gandhi on friday asked prime minister narendra modi to break his silence and tell the nation why rapists and murders were being protected.
the congress chief thanked people from different sections of society for responding to his midnight vigil to wake up what the congress described as the sleeping chowkidar.
mr prime minister, your silence is unacceptable.
1.
what do you think about the growing violence against women & children?
2.
why are accused rapists and murderers protected by the state?
india is waiting, rahul tweeted, hours before modi finally broke his silence on friday evening.
the congress questioned the prime minister's strategic silence while expressing disgust at the insensitive response of bjp spokesperson meenakshi lekhi.
congress spokesperson abhishek singhvi said: we condemn the bjp's arguments.
they are defining the relationship of the citizen with the state in terms of religion.
lekhi said why no candle march for 1984 (anti-sikh riot) victims?
is this illogic acceptable?
should we now talk about 2002 gujarat (riot) victims?
singhvi added: look at lekhi's language - 'you see their plan, first shout minority-minority, then dalit-dalit, and now women-women.
' this shows the mindset of the ruling party.
with this kind of thinking, no reform is possible.
they create hatred in society by seeing everything through the prism of religion.
they asked why the assam rape case was not raised.
i am raising that case now but will that solve the problem?
this is a hypocritical damage control and insensitivity of the worst kind.
arguing that the issue was not rape but the attitude of the governments and the law-enforcing agencies, singhvi said: why didn't the prime minister, uttar pradesh chief minister ajay bisht and j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti speak about the incidents despite a national outcry?
ajay bisht is yogi adityanath's real name and the congress has now decided not to call him a yogi in the light of his conduct.
singhvi said: where are all the powerful, eloquent woman leaders of the bjp?
sushma swaraj and smriti irani, who used to attack the manmohan singh government on issues related to women?
are the bjp leaders so scared of their own party and own leader that they won't speak the truth, won't raise issues of injustice to women?
singhvi recalled the biting tweets of sushmaswaraj and smriti when they were in the opposition.
the congress argued that the kathua-unnao rapes had shaken the nation's conscience and the need of the hour was to work collectively to ensure that such incidents didn't recur.
singhvi lamented that the government was silent and the bjp was indulging in a blame game.
new delhi, aug.
26: the bjp today nuanced its support to anna hazares jan lokpal bill under pressure from its allies and chief ministers.
the party waffled when asked whether, like the gandhian, it would also insist that the bill direct states to set up a lokayukta having powers similar to hazares over-arching central ombudsman.
the bjps prevarication was reflected in its shifting position in parliament.
sources said it refused to allow a discussion on the lokpal bill under rule 193 in the lok sabha today following an rss whip to be more aggressive and not bail out the government in the house.
we were given to understand that a motion to end annajis fast would be tabled and a resolution would emanate from that.
but why were we not taken into confidence?
how can the house run like this?
she asked.
she said it was time to get down to lokpal specifics and debate which of the versions before the standing committee would be more effective.
the bjp also demanded a discussion under rule 184, which requires voting.
the bjp listed a motion with the speakers office that enshrined in spirit, if not in letter, the three contentious issues hazare raised: a) inclusion of the prime minister in the bills ambit; b) regulating judicial appointments and accountability through a national judicial commission; c) covering all levels of government employees and prescribing a template for setting up lokayuktas in states with powers similar to the lokpal.
the modifications the party introduced were cosmetic.
it said, for instance, that the conduct of mps in the house should remain protected under article 105 and that government employees should not be dismissed by any authority other than the appointing one as stipulated by article 311.
but it said again that the prime ministers national security and public order functions would not be covered by the ombudsman.
however, at a meeting of floor leaders, the bjps resolution  listed under rule 184 was opposed by its allies, the janata dal (u), akali dal and the shiv sena.
their representatives said a central authority could not dictate to states how they should handle graft because each state had its circumstances and compulsions.
other regional parties too stressed that states should be free to set up their own models of lokayuktas.
prakash javadekar, the rajya sabha mp and bjp spokesperson, said: states should have the right to set up their lokayuktas.
the bill can recommend a model.
but party sources said bjp chief ministers opposed the idea of a central template.
both the allies and the bjp chief ministers were reportedly unenthused by the proposal to bring all government employees, including those in the lower echelons, under the lokpal.
they feared the move might further erode the executives authority.
new delhi, aug.
24: india will host the presidents of egypt and myanmar over the next 10 days, the otherwise unrelated visits linked by a threat of concern running through new delhi's strategic establishment: the growing proximity of historically close friends to strategic rival china.
egyptian president abdel fattah al sisi will be feted by president pranab mukherjee, vice-president hamid ansari, prime minister narendra modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during his three-day visit starting september 1, the foreign office said today.
but the government carefully omitted that sisi will be in india en route to china for the g20 summit, where president xi jinping has invited the egyptian leader as a special guest even though his country is not a member of the club of giant economies.
myanmar president u. htin kyaw and his wife su su lwin are also expected to visit new delhi, possibly by the end of this month, senior officials familiar with the planning for the trip have said.
the visit by kyaw will be the first major trip to india by a leader of the new government of the national league for democracy headed by nobel laureate aung san suu kyi.
like egypt, traditionally one of india's closest friends because of the non-aligned movement the leaders of the two countries - india's jawaharlal nehru and egpyt's gamal abdel nasser - started, suu kyi has historically been close to india.
but suu kyi, who is foreign minister in the new government - the constitution enacted during the previous junta government's rule forbids her from holding the president - visited china last weekend, and will travel to india only in october, officials said.
myanmar and india are important to each other regardless of china, former indian ambassador to myanmar rajiv bhatia told the telegraph.
but china's dynamism with the new myanmar government, which is very visible over the past few months, makes it all the more urgent for india to engage with myanmar significantly.
the modi administration has tried to reach out to both egypt and myanmar, in its two years in power.
last year, modi first sent transport minister nitin gadkari to cairo to invite sisi to the india africa forum summit hosted by new delhi in october.
sushma followed gadkari with a second visit to reinforce the importance india placed on sisi visiting new delhi for the africa meet.
initially reluctant, sisi eventually did attend the africa summit.
in september, modi had also met sisi in new york on the margins of the un general assembly.
but by then, sisi, who came to power by overthrowing the muslim brotherhood-led government of mohammed morsi, had already turned to china as a key strategic and economic partner, and had visited beijing in december 2014.
and in january this year, chinese vice-minister for foreign affairs zhang ming visited cairo to invite sisi for the g20 summit that starts in hangzhou on september 4.
sisi accepted the invitation.
india had successfully tapped into myanmar's desire to avoid depending too much on any one friend, to deepen ties with the military junta that ruled the country before suu kyi's party won landmark elections late last year.
suu kyi too has indicated her desire to maintain a balance between india, china, japan, the us and the association of southeast asian nations (asean) - myanmar's five most influential diplomatic relationships, traditionally.
the myanmar side would also want to not be seen as leaning one way or the other, bhatia said.
she (suu kyi, widely believed to be the real power centre in myanmar), has said she wants a non-aligned foreign policy, and she will seek balanced relations.
but while chinese foreign minister wang yi visited nay pyi taw in april - weeks after the new government there was sworn in, sushmaswaraj , who once had to postpone a visit because she was unwell, travelled there only in august, four months later.
no indian cabinet minister had till then visited myanmar since the new government took over - minister of state for commerce nirmala sitharaman was the senior-most leader to visit.
on myanmar, india also faces another disadvantage compared to china.
suu kyi has made clear that her top priority is to resolve the ethnic wars that have ravaged myanmar.
she has appointed former un secretary general kofi annan as the head of a reconciliation panel that will starting the end of this month hold talks with rebel groups.
many of these rebel groups have in the past sought support from china, and beijing, during suu kyi's recent visit, convinced a bunch of these groups to join the month-end reconciliation meet.
india has no similar leverage with myanmar - and in fact depends on the country for help in tackling militant groups that reside there.
on the ethnic issue, myanmar is dependent on china for cooperation, while on pour border, it is we who depend on myanmar for cooperation, bhatia said.
that's an imbalance we have to deal with.
new delhi, nov.
5: myanmar, australia, fiji, nepal.
narendra modis overseas itinerary this month may appear loaded but it may well have been more gruelling were it not for a cocktail of perceptions in the country, and outside.
prime minister modi has decided against attending the asia pacific economic cooperation (apec) summit in beijing on november 9-10 despite a personal invitation from chinese president xi jinping when they first met in brazil this july, senior officials have confirmed to the telegraph.
the apec, a grouping of 21 pacific rim nations including the us, japan, china and other littoral nations of asia and south america, is emerging as a critical economic forum negotiating a key trans-pacific trade pact that would bind these economies.
india, keen to join the trans-pacific pact, has for the past four years been seeking membership of the apec.
but fears over a perception that modi may be spending far too much time abroad engaged in foreign policy coupled with diplomatic signalling to beijing have made the government decide against the prime minister attending the apec summit.
hes already spending so much time overseas this month --- the apec summit is the one that could be cut from the schedule easiest, an official aware of the preparations for modis overseas travels said.
and, youve got to remember the summit is in china --- that adds another dimension.
modi will leave for myanmar on november 11, spending three days attending the east asia summit and meetings with leaders of the association of south east asian nations (asean).
on november 14, he will fly to brisbane, where he will attend the g-20 summit on november 15-16.
next, he will fly to sydney where he will address the indian-australian community --- an event inspired by his interaction with indian americans at new york citys madison square garden in late september.
from sydney, modi will fly to canberra for bilateral talks with australian prime minister tony abbott on november 18, before travelling to melbourne for a public reception on november 19.
modi will also fly to suva, the capital of fiji, on november 19, the first indian prime minister in over three decades to visit that country.
he will return to india on november 20 after his longest continuous stint away from the country as prime minister.
four days later, he will again cross indias borders --- on a trip to nepal from november 24-27 for the south asian association for regional cooperation summit in kathmandu, where india will take over chairmanship of the saarc.
modi had publicly promised to attend the summit when he visited nepal in august.
in all, the visits to these four countries will consume 14 days of the month.
had modi attended the apec summit, he would have been away from india for 16 days at a time his government is facing criticism for its handling of supreme court directives on recovering undeclared wealth stashed overseas.
the opportunity to attend the apec summit was tempting, make no mistake, another official said.
from an economic perspective, it is in some ways more important for india than even the g-20.
key leaders like us president barack obama, russian president vladimir putin, japanese prime minister shinzo abe and chinese president xi jinping will start a season of multilateral summits by attending the beijing apec.
they will all then travel to the east asia summit in myanmar before flying to australia for the g-20.
the prime minister has enough opportunities to meet these world leaders in myanmar and in brisbane, but what makes the apec important is the trade agreement it is trying to stitch together --- an agreement that could shape the economics of the region in a way that will affect us, the second official said.
no indian prime minister has ever been invited to attend the apec as an observer and the invite from xi signalled, to many indian officials, a possible precursor to formal chinese support for indias full membership in the grouping.
xi has also invited pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif, who is attending the apec summit.
the prospect of islamabad gaining any edge over new delhi in talks with the grouping isnt a pleasant one for officials here.
but indias ties with china --- described in september by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as marked by both co-operation and competition --- do not allow modi to visit beijing on a short trip without a detailed evaluation of how the trip may be viewed there.
modi could have visited beijing for just the apec summit and then made a second trip to china next year --- both nations are working on that visit --- for bilateral talks.
but the indian prime minister visiting beijing twice in two years could suggest greater warmth between the nations than is the reality.
the modi government wants more investments from china and doesnt want border tensions, but beijing isnt its closest ally by a distance.
a second option was also considered --- modi could have travelled to beijing two days before the apec meet, clubbing the summit with bilateral talks, and eliminating the need for a separate visit next year.
but that would keep him out of india for 18 days in the month.
eventually, officials concluded that modi would have to skip the apec summit, even as the foreign office works on possible schedules for the prime minister to travel to china next year.
our special correspondentnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj dodged a potential bullet on monday with a quick apology to nepal for referring to the people who attended prime minister narendra modi's public meeting in janakpur earlier this month as indians.
at her annual news conference on monday, the foreign minister had said while speaking on the government's indian diaspora outreach: no prime minister has engaged with the indian diaspora as narendra modi has.
from madison square to janakpur, he is the first prime minister to have established such a direct connect with indians living abroad.
even before her news conference was over, people from nepal began protesting online, pointing out that those who attended modi's rally in janakpur were nepalese, and not indians.
many saw the remark as yet another instance of india's big brother attitude and lack of respect for nepal's sovereignty.
it also played into the nepali nationalist strain that is suspicious of the madeshis, who dominate the janakpur area, and are seen as pro-indian, particularly after india's unofficial economic blockade of the land-locked country for over four months from september 2015.
clearly anticipating a fresh backlash from nepal at a time when efforts are on from both sides to mend the relationship, sushmaswaraj posted a 30-second clip of her remark on twitter late on monday night with an apology: this was a mistake on my part.
i sincerely apologise for this.
the issue did not rest there.
nepal's foreign affairs ministry on tuesday put out a statement describing as unfortunate the reference made by sushmaswaraj about public participation at the civic felicitation programme held in honour of modi in janakpur on may 11.
it has come to the notice of the government of nepal that she has publicly admitted her mistake and apologised.
.
.
.
the government of nepal sincerely thanks all those who raised concerns over this issue.
social cohesion and harmony characterise the nepali way of life that is reflective of national unity among people living in all regions, which should be respected by all, the statement said.
not just ordinary citizens, even politicians had criticised sushma.
nepali congress mp gagan thapa had tweeted: regrettable that india's external affairs minister @sushmaswaraj described janakpur's population that @narendramodi greeted as indians.
one wonders what the confusion was, or if this was casual undermining of nepal's sovereignty.
either way, @indiainnepal, it is unacceptable.
former deputy prime minister of nepal and chairman of the rastriya prajatantra party, kamal thapa, tweeted: hon'ble sushmaswaraj ji for your kind information pm narendra modi of india addressed nepali people at a civic reception in janakpur, nepal, and not the indian community as you mentioned in your statement.
hope you'll take note of it.
diplomacy apart, in tendering the apology sushmaswaraj stood out in the modi government that seldom acknowledges a mistake, let alone apologise for it.
ramashankarpatna: family members of santosh kumar singh, one of the 39 indians whose murder in iraq external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj revealed in parliament on tuesday, rued that the government kept feeding them false hope for years.
i met the minister (sushma) as many as eight times in delhi.
every time she used to promise that the ministry was looking into the matter with utmost priority and that all the 39 indians taken hostage by isis in iraq were alive, said pappu kumar singh, younger brother of santosh.
sushma's sudden disclosure on tuesday dashed the hopes of two families of sahsaraon village under andar block in siwan district, around 145km northwest of patna: santosh's, and bidya bhushan tiwari's.
bidya bhushan's family has the same grouse against the centre as santosh's.
it is difficult to fathom on what basis the minister (swaraj) had been giving assurances to the relatives of those missing in iraq since june 2014, said bidya bhushan's uncle purusottam tiwari, who said he met the minister at least seven times.
santosh, then 28, and bidya bhushan, then 30, had gone to iraq in 2011.
both of them, family sources said, had gone through an uttar pradesh-based agent and worked at a construction site in mosul.
everything was fine till the first week of june 2014.
on june 12, 2014, the family received a call from santosh, who said he feared for his life as he along with others had been held captive by isis, pappu, a plus two student, told the telegraph.
santosh was among the three children of chandra mohan kumar singh, a marginal farmer.
santosh had gone to iraq in search of a job as he wanted to support the family.
the district administration had collected blood samples of pappu, his mother leelavati devi and sister rinki devi for dna tests.
all three of us had gone to siwan sadar hospital in the second week of november last year to provide blood for the dna test, pappu said.
santosh was unmarried.
bidya bhushan is survived by wife poonam, mother lakho devi and two minor children.
bidya's father madhusudan tiwari died last year, waiting for his only son to come back home.
while 38 of the 39 indians killed have been identified, the remains of another siwan resident, raju yadav, a resident of falpura under harpurva panchayat, have not yet been conclusively identified.
the last call the family got from raju was on june 14, 2014, said raju's brother satyendra kumar yadav, his voice choking.
we met everyone right from the sp, the dm to officials of the external affairs ministry - but to no avail.
today, we have come to know through media that the minister told the parliament that all the 39 indians taken hostage in iraq had been killed.
raju, satyendra said, had gone to iraq in september 2013.
siwan district magistrate mahendra kumar said he had not yet received any official communication either from the state government or the centre.
we had sent the blood samples of three relatives of each of the six persons who were missing in iraq last year, he added.
india's justice dalveer bhandari being greeted during a reception organised in his honour at the united nations in new york on monday.
pti pictureunited nations, nov.
21 (pti): india's dalveer bhandari was on tuesday re-elected to the international court of justice as the general assembly overwhelmingly threw its weight behind him, forcing britain to withdraw its candidate from a hard-fought race to the world court.
bhandari and uk's christopher greenwood were locked in a neck-and-neck fight for re-election as the un could not decide between them after electing four out of five judges to the international court of justice.
bhandari, 70, received 183-193 votes in the general assembly and secured all 15 votes in the security council to fill the final vacancy on the icj after separate but simultaneous elections were held at the un headquarters in new york.
soon after the election results were announced, india's permanent representative to the un syed akbaruddin was congratulated by representatives of other countries on the floor of the general assembly.
vande matram - india wins election to the international court of justice.
jaihind, tweeted external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
in a dramatic turn of events, british permanent representative to the un matthew rycroft wrote identical letters to the presidents of the united nations general assembly and the security council before the two chambers were scheduled to meet at 3pm (local time) for the 12th round of voting.
the current deadlock is unlikely to be broken by further rounds of voting.
we have therefore consulted our candidate sir christopher greenwood who has confirmed that his candidate for re-election to the international court of justice should be withdrawn, rycroft said in his letter, which was read out simultaneously in the general assembly and the security council.
in taking this step, we have borne in mind the close relationship that the united kingdom and india have always enjoyed and we will continue to enjoy; and the fact that both candidates fulfil the requirements for our elections and have already served the court diligently with impartiality and independence, rycroft said.
the uk will not have a judge on the bench of the icj for the first time in its 71-year history.
based in the hague, the icj has a bench of 15 judges, five of whom are elected every three years for a nine-year term.
established in 1945, the role of the icj is to settle, in accordance with international law, legal disputes submitted to it by states and to give advisory opinions on legal questions.
the permanent members of the security councilthe us, russia, france and chinawere understood to have been throwing their weight behind 62-year-old greenwood.
rycroft thanked judge greenwood for his service and paid tribute to his outstanding contribution to the working of the court and to the development of international law.
however, the british ambassador noted that this was the right time to adopt the joint conference mechanism, which he had pushed earlier, but was opposed by india.
the statue of the icj provides in its article 12 that if after the third meeting, one or more seats still remain unfilled, a joint conference may be formed any time at the request of either the general assembly or the security council for the purpose of choosing one name for each seat still vacant to submit to the general assembly and the security council for their respective acceptance, the letter said.
this mechanism has not been used in relation to an election for the international court of justice.
however the fact that it has not been used does not mean that it should not be used when the need arises, the letter said.
it is the view of the united kingdom that this election would have been an ideal of what was the mechanism envisaged by the courts upon statute to break the current deadlock, it said.
it is also the uk's view as that of other delegations that some thought needs to be given to these proceedings before the next election in order that it might be used when it is really needed, the british ambassador said.
thereafter both the presidents of the general assembly and the security council announced that the new ballot papers would have only the name of bhandari.
in the fourth round, bhandari had received a majority115 votesin the general assembly, while greenwood received 76 votes.
however, in the 15-member security council greenwood got majority (nine) of the votes as against six votes by bhandari.
as a result, another round of votes was scheduled for monday.
new delhi, jan.
24: the bjp has asked president pratibha patil to recall karnataka governor h.r. bharadwaj to restore constitutional order in the state.
a delegation led by l.k. advani and opposition leaders arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the president this morning and protested the governors extra-constitutional and confrontationist attitude towards the karnataka government and b.s. yeddyurappa since he was appointed chief minister.
a memorandum the delegation submitted sought to draw the presidents attention to several statements of the governor which, the leaders alleged, reflected his mindset to work against the government.
they accused bharadwaj of making baseless and politicised statements against yeddyurappa for his failure to check the illegal mining of iron ore.
the leaders claimed these statements were issued after the chief minister took the very bold step of banning iron ore export, introducing a value-added mining policy to ensure that karnataka did not lose mining revenues and enlarging the scope of the lokayukta probe into mining to cover the current government.
the leaders accused the governor of making sweeping assertions on alleged corruption and land-grabs without any basis or any proof or citing any specific instances of corruption or land-grab.
such statements are typically made in public only by opposition leaders and never ever by the constitutional head of a government, the memorandum said.
the memorandum alluded to a reported statement of bharadwaj claiming he was proud to be a congressman as conformation of a public perception that bangalores raj bhavan had been politicised and misused by the opposition parties for political gains.
new delhi, feb.
17: the government is gearing to push through the telangana bill tomorrow, hoping that the suspension of the 16 rogue mps in the battles front line would eliminate or minimise a replay of thursdays pepper-sprayed mayhem.
sources said the upa was counting on the bjps oft-repeated commitment to seeing a telangana state carved out of andhra pradesh, although party representatives from the coastal and rayalaseema regions appeared uncomfortable with the prospect of explaining why they had endorsed the division.
another leader feeling the jitters was n. chandrababu naidu.
the telugu desam party chief, who is courting the bjp as a potential ally in andhra, is said to be seriously weighing the political cost of a prospective team-up.
desam sources said naidu had pleaded with the bjps decision-makers to stall the bills passage.
they said he implored the leaders to wait for tempers to cool on either side of the andhra divide, use the issue electorally to make gains in both telangana and seemandhra, and think of carving out the new state only after a new government is installed in delhi.
but the bjp  which exists only peripherally in telangana  rejected naidus proposal, saying it was bound to a commitment made way back in 1997.
sources in the lok sabha secretariat said the government had decided on bringing up the andhra pradesh reorganisation bill after the interim budget is adopted tomorrow.
there will be an offer of a discussion, bringing amendments and putting them to vote, if possible.
but if there is pandemonium, the government has decided to overcome it and pass the bill in the din.
there is no looking back, a source said.
on february 13, an mp from andhra had pulled out a can of pepper spray just before the bill was tabled.
witnesses said he released the contents of the can and continued to do so even as some fellow members grappled with him.
sixteen mps were suspended.
late this evening, central minister jairam ramesh, rajya sabha mp from andhra, and general secretary and newly elected rajya sabha mp digvijaya singh  once the congresss andhra minder  sat with rahul gandhi and seemandhra ministers.
the seemandhra ministers, who still insisted they should be allowed to protest in the well of the house, were reportedly given a talking to and told it was highly improper to attend official receptions and hold government files and embarrass the government at the same time.
ramesh, deployed as an interlocutor to negotiate with the bjp, held meetings with l.k. advani, opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, and rajya sabha mp m. venkaiah naidu, who is from andhra.
naidu and sonia gandhi had a brief tte--tte in parliament when they crossed paths.
sonia stopped naidu and reportedly said the bjp was going back on its promise to support the bill.
naidus counter was the congress was going back because its ranks were badly divided.
advani and sushmaswaraj asked ramesh and home minister sushil kumar shinde in the course of a meeting what fiscal compensatory package the centre had in mind for the non-telangana regions.
sources said they offered a ballpark estimate and demanded that the government recompense seemandhra with this amount for the loss it would suffer on account of forfeiting hyderabad to telangana.
sources said after an initial no, shinde and ramesh said the government could consider rolling out compensation in phases.
the political assessment across parties was that while sonia and rahul were determined to get the bill through in this last session of parliament before the elections, the bjp was opting for a line of least resistance because of its old commitment.
in andhra, state congress chief botsa satyanarayana hosted a meeting of seemandhra mlas, mps and mlcs as the high command moved to set its house in order.
as the government waited with fingers crossed, y.s. jaganmohan reddy, seemandhras most prominent player now, began massing up activists to demonstrate against andhras bifurcation.
police said eight trainloads of protesters arrived in delhi today.
while the ysr congress leader spearheaded the protests at jantar mantar, some of his supporters gathered at the ramlila ground.
jagan was briefly detained by police when he marched towards parliament.
kiran kumar reddy andhra chief minister kiran kumar reddy will resign if the telangana bill is taken up for debate in the lok sabha on tuesday, reports said.
several andhra channels and online papers have claimed that monday was reddys last day in office.
the chief minister, who has not been coming to the secretariat for the past 50 days, has directed his office to return all files to the chief secretary without going through them.
our bureauthe coffins carrying the remains of khokon sikdar and samar tikadar at the airport on monday.
picture by mayukh senguptaairport: a special aircraft carrying the remains of two workers from bengal killed in mosul, iraq, landed in the city on wednesday evening.
the remains of khokon sikdar, 48, of tehatta and samar tikadar, 36, of chapra, both in nadia district, arrived around 7.
30pm and were taken to the morgue at jnm hospital in kalyani from the airport.
the remains will be handed over to the family members on tuesday, an official of the nadia district administration said.
the centre had on march 20 declared 39 indians, missing in iraq since june 2014 dead.
the families of several victims questioned why external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had kept their hopes alive in vain.
the dead included 27 from punjab, five from bihar, four from himachal pradesh and two from bengal.
the terrorist group, islamic state, abducted and killed the workers shortly after seizing the northern iraqi city of mosul in the summer of 2014.
the iraqi authorities found 39 bodies in a mass grave in badosh fort in 2017.
the victims were identified with the help of dna tests in march 2018.
we still don't know when and how my father died.
it's unfortunate, said rita sikdar, daughter of khokon and a second-year student.
no one from the central government has so far contacted any of us.
there has been no announcement to help the families of the labourers killed in mosul.
we expected the external affairs minister to declare some help for us in the parliament.
it appears that the centre is not concerned about how the families would survive, said subhash biswas, khokon's brother-in-law.
he, however, added that the state government has offered a contractual job to khokon's daughter.
khokon, a mason, and samar, an electrician, with a tukish construction company, tariq noor al huda, went missing from mosul on june 18, 2014, when they last called their homes to say they had been kidnapped.
khokon had joined in 2012 and samar in 2014.
the families had learnt about the deaths from television after minister swaraj made a statement in the rajya sabha.
the air force aircraft carrying the two coffins landed around 7.
30pm.
the coffins were brought out of the aircraft and laid on tables, where officials paid their respects, before being carried by air force personnel to a vehicle that headed for kalyani later in the evening.
new delhi.
june 11: eleven russian tourists injured yesterday when the vehicle carrying them to gangotri plunged into the bhagirathi were airlifted to hospitals in new delhi and dehradun today.
military helicopters carried six of the 11 tourists to delhi while the remaining five were flown to dehradun.
government officials said the six, who have been admitted to delhis primus hospital, needed critical care.
two russian nationals were killed when the vehicle plunged into the river yesterday, apparently while negotiating a steep slope.
they were part of a group of 13 followers of the international society for krishna consciousness and were on their way to gangotri.
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov today called up his indian counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj and thanked her for the efficient and expeditious assistance provided to the tourists.
new delhi, dec.
16: a purported account of justice asok kumar gangulys alleged behaviour towards a law intern prompted delhi police to assume that she would file a formal complaint today but officers said tonight that they were still awaiting word from her.
the polices expectations rose after additional solicitor-general indira jaising disclosed what she said were excerpts from the affidavit of the girl to a supreme court panel of three judges.
in an article in the indian express newspaper today, jaising made the purported excerpts public and later said she did so with the full support of the intern.
according to the article, ganguly has been accused of kissing the intern and asking her to share his hotel room to help him draw up a report.
the girl refused to do so.
jaising came down heavily on ganguly and renewed her demand that the retired supreme court judge step down from the helm of the west bengal human rights commission.
ganguly, who has repeatedly denied the charges, told pti in calcutta: that (the affidavit) is supposed to be confidential as it was given before a supreme court committee.
how can it come out in the open?
what can i do?
who is listening to me?
jaising said she would like to state very unambiguously that whatever i am doing, i am doing with her (the interns) complete cooperation and keeping her in the loop and i would never ever make a document like this public unless i had her full support.
delhi police saw in the assertion a possibility that the girl would give a statement, without which, officers have said, it will be difficult to draw up specific charges against the accused.
we are waiting for her to record her statement before initiating action against the accused, said s.b.s tyagi, deputy commissioner (new delhi district).
on december 7, the intern had emailed the police that she was on a tour and would cooperate on her return.
she replied a day after the police requested her to indicate the time and place where her statement can be recorded.
we have not received any communication from her after that and we hope she will contact us soon.
an fir will be registered against justice ganguly immediately once she gives her statement, the dcp said tonight.
s.n. singh, the former dean of the delhi university law faculty, expressed surprise on the delay in lodging a complaint.
last month, the academic had made a representation to the police and asked them to register a case.
i fail to understand as to why she is not approaching the police even after the revelations of her statement now, singh said.
singh, who had requested chief justice of india p. sathasivam on december 6 to forward all the relevant papers to the police, said he had not spoken to the intern personally.
i think she is a strong lady and must come forward immediately and cooperate with the probe so that the case reaches its logical conclusion, singh said.
pressure mounted on ganguly as political leaders demanded his immediate resignation from the bengal rights panel.
bjp leader arun jaitley said: it is not an untested allegation and, to protect the dignity of his office, he should quit.
there is reason to believe on the basis of the report of the three judges that an offence could have been committed.
his decision to cling to his office only establishes that even judges, like most in political positions, continue to stick to their office till the intensity of public opinion forces them out.
but former lok sabha speaker somnath chatterjee said: it is easy to malign somebody.
let it be proved and let him be punished.
i dont mind.
i am not holding his (gangulys) brief.
let things proceed according to law.
is there something called law in this country or a mere allegation is enough?
law minister kapil sibal said he was waiting to see when the apex court rises to the occasion to deal with the issue.
waiting to see when and how the supreme court rises to the occasion to deal with justice ganguly, sibal tweeted.
later, talking to reporters outside parliament, sibal said: we have faith that the supreme court will take the strictest possible action for womens security, whoever may be the person  be it the retired judge of supreme court or anybody else.
the trinamul congress, which has already sought gangulys resignation from the human rights panel, today renewed the demand.
ganguly attended office today.
the supreme court had earlier said that considering the fact that the said intern was not an intern on the roll of the supreme court and that the concerned judge had already demitted office on account of superannuation on the date of the incident, no further follow up action is required by this court.
the court said it set up the three-judge panel because it appeared from the media that a serving supreme court judge was involved.
the panel had said the interns statement prima facie disclosed an act of unwelcome behaviour of sexual nature.
bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj requested president pranab mukherjee to start the process of removing ganguly.
i request the president of india to initiate the process of removal of justice ganguly for his misbehaviour by making a reference to the supreme court under section 5 of protection of human rights act, 1993, she tweeted.
new delhi, june 4: prime minister narendra modi today walked up to sonia gandhi and greeted her on the 16th lok sabhas first day and she reciprocated warmly.
modi entered the house a little before 11am and, after greeting the mps of the bjp and its allies, started walking towards the opposition benches where sonia was sitting in the front row.
the prime minister folded his hands before the congress chief, who was sitting with the partys leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge and former union minister veerappa moily.
sonia stood up and greeted the prime minister.
rahul gandhi was not around then.
the congress vice-president arrived after 11am and was seen sitting at the back with party mp shashi tharoor.
rahul was said to have expressed reluctance to lead the congress in the lok sabha, after which kharge, former railway minister and karnataka mp, was named the leader.
rahul used to sit at the back in the previous lok sabha too when the congress-led upa was in power.
today, the house was adjourned after obituary references to munde, who died in a road accident yesterday.
the process of administering oaths to the newly elected mps, which was to have begun today, will now start tomorrow.
the house benches reflected the power shift.
the congress, which ruled for the past 10 years and won 206 seats in 2009, has only 44 mps in the new lok sabha, and occupies little space on the opposition benches.
on the treasury side, bjp veteran l.k. advani was seen sitting beside modi in the front row, followed by rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj, murli manohar joshi and venkaiah naidu.
among the others occupying the front rows were samajwadi chief mulayam singh yadav, trinamul leader sudip bandopadhyay, the bjds arjun charan sethi and the aiadmks m. thambidurai.
at one point, home minister rajnath also walked around the front rows and greeted the members.
usually the seats are seen to signify the pecking order of leaders but the position occupied by the members today was not official.
the seating arrangements will be finalised after the election of the speaker on friday.
new delhi, sept.
3: australian prime minister tony abbott today said he planned to sign a critical nuclear agreement with india that will open up new delhis access to the worlds largest known uranium reserves.
abbott, who will travel to india on a three-day visit starting tomorrow, has made canberras ties with new delhi a priority for his conservative government, and personally asked australian negotiators over the past few months to expedite nuclear talks with india, officials said.
i hope to sign a nuclear co-operation agreement that will allow the sale of uranium by australia to india, abbott told the australian parliament today while detailing plans for his first visit since the 1970s, when he had backpacked across the himalayas as a student.
indias foreign office was more coy in public.
we do not talk about potential agreements before they are signed, sanjay bhattacharyya, joint secretary (south) in the ministry of external affairs, said, when asked about abbotts comment.
but we have had very successful negotiations.
india and australia have been negotiating the agreement since 2011.
but internal political tussles within the then ruling labour party in that country, combined with the partys traditional opposition to nuclear trade with nations outside the ambit of the non-proliferation treaty (npt)  like india  stalled significant progress.
that changed when abbott came to power, and almost immediately assured india he would expedite talks.
the australian leader will land in mumbai before travelling to the capital, where he will meet modi, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, president pranab mukherjee and vice-president hamid ansari on friday.
abbott is the first foreign head of government to visit india after modis may swearing-in that was attended by leaders of south asian nations and mauritius  and his trip will offer a break from a protocol all governments since 1989 have followed.
visiting heads of government or state meet not just their counterparts and other government leaders, but also the leader of opposition  the shadow prime minister in indias westminster-style democracy.
current foreign minister sushmaswaraj , for instance, met every visiting prime minister and president over the past five years as leader of opposition in the lok sabha.
but abbotts itinerary reveals he will not meet any opposition leader because the lok sabha speaker has refused to recognise the congress  the second-largest party in parliament  as the official opposition.
in mumbai tomorrow, abbott will meet industry leaders in two separate meetings either side of lunch at the taj where he will also pay tribute to the victims of the november 2008 terror attacks.
later in the evening, after inking a pact to bring cricketing legend don bradmans memorabilia to india next year, abbott will fly to delhi.
abbott is expected to try and nudge modi into a closer defence and strategic partnership with australia, and the two nations will likely announce new bilateral military exercises.
india and australia boast trade worth just over $20 billion.
but it is the nuclear deal that could emerge the single biggest diplomatic takeaway from abbotts visit  and an early foreign policy feather in modis cap.
australia is home to 31 per cent of the worlds reserves of uranium.
new delhi, march 18: the bjp was taken aback when the prime minister hit the party where it hurt, pointing to its defeat in the 2009 elections and rubbing in the fact that the partys cash-for-votes campaign then had not convinced even the urban middle class constituency that it calls its own.
the opposition repeated the allegations of bribery and how did the people respond?
manmohan singh said, citing the increase in congress seats from 141 to 206 and the fall in the bjps tally from 138 to 116.
but the statement in parliament was not singhs strongest attack on the party.
that came before the 2009 elections, in answer to l.k. advanis charge that he was a weak prime minister.
after sonia gandhi declared that he would lead the congress into the polls, singh took on advani who was the bjps candidate for prime minister.
if you look at advanis record, the only prominent role he played was in the babri masjid demolition.
what else has he done to the contribution of national welfare?
.
.
.
.
he was the home minister who presided over the massacre in gujarat.
the country must reflect whether this person is fit to hold the prime ministers post, singh said, stunning the opposition and his own party that saw him as apolitical.
the bjp, though, has had a knack for bringing out the politician in singh.
in december 2005, when the party kept stalling parliament over the volcker food-for-oil scam, singh blamed the bjps internal struggles for the disruption.
the bjp was doing drama to deflect attention from its internal tussles that had accentuated after uma bhartis expulsion, he told journalists flying back with him from a trip to russia.
on august 25, 2004, again against the backdrop of a paralysed parliament, the prime minister had given the bjp-led nda a lesson in propriety.
the nda had decided to pass the upas first budget without a discussion.
so when advani, george fernandes and sushmaswaraj called on him with a budget wish list, he refused to accept their memorandum and said they ought to discuss such matters in parliament and not casually on the sidelines.
still, singh has respect for advanis stature and believes he has a sense of history and has been initiated into the responsibilities and complexities  something he feels cannot be said of sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, now the bjps leaders in parliament, sources said.
singhs despair at how the two have let themselves be persuaded by the jottings of third rate political operatives provoked todays response, government sources said.
bjp sources agreed that sushmas and jaitleys race to prove who was more statesmanly or belligerent had taken a toll on the partys perspective on what its role in opposition should be.
their ego clashes are playing out at the expense of the sanctity of parliamentary institutions, a source said.
siliguri, nov.
6: irrigation minister rajib banerjee today said his department would build a comprehensive drainage system at the mega tourism hub coming up at gazoldoba in jalpaiguri district.
the proposed tourism hub at gazoldoba is one of the major projects taken up by the state government in north bengal.
it would largely boost tourism in the region and help in revenue generation, banerjee said after a visit to the teesta barrage site at gazoldoba in rajganj, 25km from siliguri.
like many other state government departments which have been engaged in developing infrastructure at the tourism hub, the irrigation department has been assigned with the task of setting up a comprehensive drainage system at the site.
to ensure that there is a proper drainage discharge, we have decided to install a separate pump house at gazoldoba by spending rs 30 crore, he added.
the tourism hub will be set up by the departments of north bengal development, forest and tourism on a 208 acre plot.
there will be provisions for birdwatching and angling, golf course, elephant rides, herbal spa, boating and accommodation at the hub.
banerjee, who had been touring north bengal since yesterday, said the state government had not changed its stand on the sharing of teesta water with bangladesh.
there has been no change in our stand on the (teesta water sharing) issue.
as we have said earlier, we are concerned about the farmers of north bengal through which the river flows and need time to make a decision on the matter, he said.
the upa government at the centre could not sign the treaty with bangladesh because of vehement opposition from chief minister mamata banerjee.
as bangladesh kept on harping on about the need for more water and signing of the treaty, the nda government is pursuing the matter now.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, during her trip to bangladesh in june this year, had assured the neighbouring country that new delhi was looking into the matter.
anita joshuakulbhushan jadhavnew delhi: the rajya sabha opposition joined the government on thursday to condemn islamabad's treatment of the mother and wife of kulbhushan jadhav, the retired indian naval officer sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on espionage charges.
house chairman m. venkaiah naidu asked the government to secure jadhav's release and convey to the international community how pakistan behaved in a most inhuman manner when the two women visited that country on monday to meet jadhav.
india has alleged the women had to remove their mangalsutra, shoes, bangles and bindi and change their clothes, while pakistani media have said the wife's shoes have been sent for forensic tests after a metallic object was found in one.
burying its differences with the government, the opposition ceded the right to seek clarifications to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's statement on the jadhav family meeting.
it also heeded naidu's request to avoid making statements that could further jeopardise jadhav's interests.
naidu declined to allow a member to comment on the indian media's coverage of the jadhav meeting.
sushma's statement in both houses of parliament was largely a repetition of the ministry's version from tuesday, with some additional information and observations.
she told the rajya sabha that jadhav's mother avanti, who only wears a sari, told her on thursday morning that the pakistanis gave her a salwar-kameez to wear to the meeting.
sushma added that avanti had told the pakistanis that her bindi and mangalsutra were signs of her marital status and she had never removed them, but they did not relent.
so the two women appeared before jadhav as widows, and the first question he asked his mother was whether all was well with his father.
she said the meeting could have been a step forward in bilateral relations but pakistan had misused it as an instrument to further its propaganda.
pakistan, she said, sought to project the meeting as a humanitarian gesture, but the truth is that both humanity and compassion were missing.
activists arvind kejriwal and anjali damania address the media in new delhi on wednesday.
(fotocorp) new delhi, oct.
17: arvind kejriwal today trained his guns on nitin gadkari, but the bjp heaved an audible sigh of relief after what it saw as a less than damning expose and rallied around its president.
kejriwal, assisted by india against corruption colleagues prashant bhushan and anjali damania, alleged that gadkari secured 100 acres of agricultural land in maharashtra in collusion with the ncps ajit pawar.
the ncp-congress government bent rules to favour gadkari, which has compromised the bjps role as an honest opposition, they said.
gadkari was not only guilty of political impropriety but also of usurping land that should have rightfully been returned to the farmers from whom it was acquired citing public interest, kejriwal said.
the specific charge relates to a large tract of land the maharashtra government acquired in umred taluka in nagpur to construct the lower vena vadgaon dam.
work began in 1982.
gajanan rambhauji ghadge and his family lost 90 acres to the dam, which was completed in 1997.
eventually, only 23.
5 acres of their land was used and the family continued to till the remaining 66.
45 acres from 1982 to 1997 with government permission.
nearly 100 acres of acquired land did not get submerged.
ghadge and other farmers requested the state to return their unused land and offered to buy it back.
meanwhile, the gadkari-owned purti power and sugar limited that had a power plant, a sugar mill and a distillery in the same village lost some land after the submergence.
the bjp leader requested the state to sell the 100 acres to him and another company.
kejriwal alleged that the state government, which in 2002 rejected the farmers demand, accepted gadkaris request days after he made it in june 2005.
the district administration asked the farmers to stop tilling the land.
kejriwal claimed he had letters signed by then irrigation minister ajit pawar that prove he influenced the vidharbha industrial development corporation to make the sale even though its secretary objected, saying it could not be done legally.
to increase his business empire, gadkari has an understanding with the ruling party.
he is not a politician but a businessman, said kejriwal.
in the past, when gadkari has faced a corruption charge, the bjp has kept its hands off.
but today it held a news conference, addressed jointly by opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley and attended by several spokespersons, in his defence.
dismissing kejriwals charge as baseless, sushmaswaraj accused kejriwal and his associates of converting their news conference into an election rally.
it is not india against corruptions mandate to pronounce what gadkari should be, a businessman or a politician or both.
it is not its mandate to decide if gadkari should get a second term or not.
it is damaging its credibility by crying wolf (against politicians) too often.
the next time it howls, nobody will heed its call, she said.
jaitley said kejriwal had made a mountain of what was not even a molehill.
todays press conference was a failed attempt by kejriwal to bring a moral equivalence between the congress and the bjp, he said.
gadkari denied the charge of illegal allotment and said he was ready for a probe, adding: i have got it on lease.
i dont have any extra rights over it.
kejriwals attack on gadkari and the bjps counter-offensive have made it easier for the rss to work for a second term for the incumbent chief.
the rss leaders had started consultations on this yesterday and a section in the bjp believes the timing of kejriwals expose was pushed by gadkaris internal detractors to scupper the extension.
anand sharma new delhi, dec.
20: one could have heard a pin drop when congress leader anand sharma described union finance minister arun jaitely as an able minister.
but laughter rippled through the hall as the former commerce minister added: there aren't too many.
if the audience reaction at today's annual general meeting of industry chamber ficci reflected anything more than mere enjoyment of a joke, prime minister narendra modi should be pricking up his ears.
jaitley has indeed succeeded in stepping out of the prime minister's shadow and making a mark, which is more than his cabinet colleagues such as rajnath singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj have managed to accomplish.
jaitley's seems to be the last word even in parliament.
sharma, though, didn't have anything more to offer in praise of the finance minister, who had addressed the ficci meeting hours earlier in the morning session.
on the contrary, he challenged jaitley's description of the congress's current role in the rajya sabha as obstructionist.
the congress leader wondered how the bjp could boast of being reformist after having blocked key bills for years.
although the audience didn't appear to appreciate sharma's retort, he continued: didn't they have blinkers on for years?
it is good they are seeing the sunlight after five years.
he added: they forced washouts of entire sessions in parliament.
but we don't have any agenda to block reforms.
bills will be passed.
we are committed to the india story remaining intact.
this commitment at the end of his sarcastic speech prompted moderator and former ficci president naina lal kidwai to say: a responsible opposition is needed in a democracy.
.
.
.
we are encouraged to hear from you that you won't be obstructionist for (the sake of) being obstructionist.
she went on: we want safety and security in the country along with a good business environment and good policies.
her reference to security and safety came in the context of sharma's argument that the rajya sabha logjam owed not to differences over any bill but to opposition concerns about violation of the fundamentals of india's constitution.
it can be understood if the fringe elements are violating the constitutional scheme on religious freedom, sharma said, but it is being done by the ministers and the mps in the government.
ficci's choice of subject for the 87th annual general meeting was enabling india -- sabka saath, sabka vikas (with support from all, development for all).
this take-off of a key bjp poll slogan could be read as a subtle reminder to the government --- in its own words --- that the voters' mandate had been for inclusive development, not a divisive communal agenda.
industry leaders have always maintained that peace is an imperative for business.
sharma, the congress deputy leader in the rajya sabha, cautioned the corporate leaders that the noise, euphoria and the high expectations generated by the modi government would finally disappoint them.
he conceded that the next annual general meeting would be the right time to judge the centre's performance but argued that the government was doomed to fail to meet its promises.
it is bold and courageous of a leader to make such attractive promises.
but if you promise the sun, moon and the stars together, it can't be delivered, he said.
governing india is complex.
we learnt it and they will learn it.
it is easy to talk, to run a propaganda campaign but difficult to deliver.
(the) economy is not looking up.
we ran a paralysed government but now there is dynamism.
but what is the result except renaming and re-packaging?
sharma added: in the 'make in india' campaign, everything except the logo is ours.
we opened the infrastructure, civil aviation, rail, defence.
.
.
.
it is delightful to know they have turned reformist after blocking legislation for ten years.
when we allowed fdi in retail, we got brickbats.
we put our government at stake, fought the case in the supreme court and won.
was that an obstructionist trait?
we are proud of what we did and take a share of the blame for what we didn't --- the delays, the environmental issues.
we delivered but we didn't shout from the rooftops.
sharma also took a dig at the swachh bharat campaign, saying its budget was the same as that earmarked by the upa for nirmal bharat.
in fact, (it is) less, as a few hundred crores have gone for the publicity of our revolutionary pm, he said.
sharma asked the industry leaders to find out why foreign exchange and fdi were falling and the fiscal deficit rising despite the price of crude oil sliding to $57 per barrel from $112 per barrel during the upa's tenure.
new delhi, may 6: trinamul today rushed to clarify its stand on the agustawestland deal after mp saugata roy's comments prompted accusations that it was juggling pro- and anti-government positions in the two houses.
with whatever mr roy said, i'm slightly confused, defence minister manohar parrikar told the lok sabha.
in the rajya sabha, they (trinamul) were on our side.
saugata tried to say that he was not on any side but was hardly audible over the din.
a little later, trinamul, which claims a policy of equidistance from the congress and the bjp, issued a statement attributed to its lok sabha leader, sudip bandyopadhyay.
the bjp and congress are both covering up for each other on the agustawestland issue.
we want the truth to come out, it said.
as the bjp and congress are doing this got-up (exercise), the cpi(m) are mute onlookers.
saugata had been one of five mps to move a calling-attention motion over the alleged kickbacks in the now-scrapped helicopter deal.
he accused the government of making unsubstantiated allegations and failing to act in the past two years.
what action have you taken in one-and-a-half years?
you are shouting from the housetop against corruption.
tell us specific instances of action taken by the cbi under your government, saugata told parrikar, echoing the congress line.
in the rajya sabha on monday, trinamul's sukhendu sekhar roy had drawn on the italian prosecution's claims in the chopper case, lending weight to the bjp's sallies against the topmost congress leadership.
who is the gandhi, who is ap, the defence minister must clarify, he had said in an allusion to italian testimony that cites senora gandhi and ap, construed to be sonia gandhi's political adviser ahmed patel.
last year, trinamul had officially distanced itself from saugata's comments criticising foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in the lalit modi controversy, describing them as personal and stressing he wasn't a party spokesperson.
kohima, oct.
7: congress legislator k.v. pusa has urged naga organisations to support the ongoing talks between the centre and national socialist council of nagalim (isak-muivah) and peace process with other militant groups.
speaking during the general meeting of southern angami public organisation (sapo) at jakhama, 15km from here today, the former minister and former nagaland pcc president said, all must support those who are working for the final settlement of the naga political problem.
he insisted that naga organisations and those from the southern angami area should support the talks which could bring permanent peace in the state so that people can take part in the development activities to usher in a progressive naga society.
the veteran congress legislator said peace has been a long-cherished desire of the naga people but has eluded them because of the long-pending naga political problem.
he said the solution could come only when people are united and support the talks vis--vis the peace process.
pusa said talks have entered a crucial stage and need the support of all sections of people.
we would soon meet the central leaders again in new delhi, pusa told the telegraph after the meeting.
he said the 20-member team, led by chief minister neiphiu rio and opposition leader tokheho yepthomi, would call on union home minister sushil kumar shinde, leader of the opposition in lok sabha, sushmaswaraj swaraj, and other central leaders next week.
he said the team was expected to leave for delhi by october 13.
it would comprise leaders from both the ruling naga peoples front and opposition congress.
the team is also expected to meet nscn (i-m) chairman isak chishi swu and thiungaleng muivah who are currently camping in new delhi.
the meeting with bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj is significant, as the solution to the naga political problem needs the consensus of all major political parties in the country.
sources said the centre had already convened an all-party meeting on the issue recently, and wanted swu and muivah to further consult with the naga people before signing any agreement.
the nscn (i-m) has mooted an interim solution for a certain period.
the group insider said they had mooted a pan-naga interim solution for five different zones, including nagas in myanmar, for the time being.
swu and muivah have reportedly rejected decommission of arms.
the nscn (i-m) has over 1,50,000 armed combatants, excluding the civil set-up.
pusa also urged people to remain united and maintain communal harmony so that society could progress in all aspects.
the daylong meeting was attended by representatives from sapo and other civil organisations.
the meeting also discussed the border dispute with manipur and decided against parting with their ancestral land.
new delhi, march 28: at least nine africans have been seriously injured in mob violence in greater noida since last night in a fallout of friday's raid on nigerian students by local people who accused them of cannibalism, a local nigerian association said.
it said seven nigerian passers-by were attacked this evening at pari chowk at the heart of greater noida by a mob of about 100, which was demanding the government expel all africans because of their alleged cannibalism and drug abuse.
two other nigerians were assaulted last night, by three masked men who had arrived on a motorcycle, in front of a private hostel in zeta i sector of greater noida, 40km from delhi.
they were admitted to sharda hospital.
the association of african students in india has alleged a third attack.
it has uploaded on whatsapp a video of an african man being beaten by a mob, apparently in noida's ansal plaza, sometime today.
police said only four africans were attacked at pari chowk.
the victims, left bleeding on the road, were admitted to hospital and are stable, an officer said.
we are identifying the culprits from video footage (of the protest taken by a constable), he added.
police sources said an fir of attempted murder had been registered and five men detained.
the association of african students in india has issued an advisory to all africans in greater noida to stay indoors and threatened to publicise worldwide the continuing racism africans face in india.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today tweeted: i have asked for a report from government of uttar pradesh about the reported attack on african students in noida.
on friday, a mob at the national security guards black cat enclave in greater noida had raided a flat occupied by five nigerian students after a 19-year-old class xii student, manish khari, went missing.
two of the nigerians were present when the mob entered their home, accused them of cannibalism and searched their refrigerator.
the police took both into protective custody.
after manish was found semi-conscious on the greens off the yamuna expressway the next day and later died in hospital of unknown poisoning, his parents lodged an fir accusing the five nigerians of murder, abduction and administering narcotics to him.
the police released the two nigerians only on sunday, following protests by african students.
officers confirmed that the cannibalism rumours were false and there was no evidence to link the nigerians to manish's mysterious death.
none of the nigerians who live in the flat that was raided were among those attacked last night or this evening.
last night, auwal aliyu and suraj abdullahi were taking a walk after dinner when they were accosted, asked their names and thrashed with hockey sticks and baseball bats.
in a statement, association of african students president samuel jack said the organisation would take five steps to build pressure on the government.
1.
(for) failure to secure the lives of african students and to ensure maximum security in areas where african students live, we will write to the african union to cut all bilateral trade with india, the statement said.
2.
we will ensure that all the local media houses in our respective countries get details of the growing racism which african students are facing in india.
3.
we will ensure that a detailed report on the barbaric racism african students are facing in india is sent to the high levels of all african governments and heads of state.
4.
we will ask african students in our respective countries to stop making india their study destination with immediate effect.
5.
we will call for a nationwide protest inviting all international media houses.
a police complaint by the nigerian citizens welfare association has named the nine nigerians injured at pari chowk.
in the complaint, the general secretary of the association, zaharadeen muhammad, has named the leaders of the mob as surendra bhati and devendra tiger.
our special correspondentsyed muazzem ali.
file picturenew delhi: bangladesh high commissioner syed muazzem ali on thursday described china as his country's bank manager and called india an elder brother, as he sought to allay apprehensions of dhaka getting closer to beijing while insisting the spirit of 1971 had returned to the bilateral relationship.
the bank manager does not become my elder brother just because he gave me a loan, the freedom-fighter diplomat said.
he was replying to a question on china's growing engagement with bangladesh during an interaction with the media at the indian women's press corps.
our relationship with china is basically economic whereas our relationship with india has several facets, he said.
to labour the point, he said bangladesh could have given the development of its deep-sea port in chittagong to china because of beijing's deep pockets.
but we decided to give it to a consortium, he said.
ali also shared india's concerns over construction of dams on the brahmaputra by the chinese.
we are concerned about the diversion of water upstream and we believe in joint basin management.
india is slowly opening up to the idea of exploring this at a trilateral level, ali said.
on whether any progress had been made on sharing the waters of the teesta, ali said india needed to first settle the issue domestically, between the centre and the governments of bengal and sikkim, where the river originates.
the matter has been pending since 2011, when bengal chief minister mamata banerjee refused to endorse an arrangement worked out between the neighbours.
ali explained that mamata's offer was to increase the water flow in the teesta by diverting the water from three tributaries.
the high commissioner maintained that the ongoing controversy in assam over a proposed citizenship bill was essentially a domestic matter, though the protests in assam have been largely directed against those who have come in from bangladesh, irrespective of their religion.
the proposed bill allows citizenship to non-muslim immigrants from neighbouring countries.
the government of india has not raised this with us, ali said, underscoring the fact that those who have overstayed and trespassers were being regularly deported after a due process of verification.
deportation is an ongoing process, he said.
pakistan high commissioner abdul basit (left) with former pakistan foreign minister khurshid mahmud kasuri in new delhi on tuesday.
picture by prem singh new delhi, april 11: the government today warned of consequences and promised to go out of the way to ensure justice after the death sentence handed to alleged indian spy kulbhushan jadhav rocked parliament and leaders across party lines slammed pakistan for framing an innocent man.
the response followed a rare convergence between the opposition and the government, who both viewed the sentence as an attempt by the neighbour to deflect the international community's attention from its acts of sponsoring terror.
members cutting across the political divide demanded that the rajya sabha and the lok sabha pass a unanimous resolution condemning pakistan, with some even urging the government to declare the neighbour a terror state.
jadhav, she added, was a victim of a plan that seeks to cast aspersions on india.
a pakistani military court had yesterday awarded the death sentence to jadhav.
a statement released by the inter services public relations (ispr), the pakistani military's publicity wing, said jadhav had confessed before a magistrate his involvement in espionage and sabotage activities against pakistan.
when the lok sabha assembled today, many opposition leaders blamed the government for not taking up the matter strongly.
without invitation you can attend a marriage but you cannot meet him or talk to him (pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif) on this issue, the congress's house leader, mallikarjun kharge, said.
the allusion was to modi's sudden visit to pakistan to attend the wedding of sharif's daughter in lahore.
the comment drew protests from the treasury benches but speaker sumitra mahajan asked the members not to get into an argument.
congress leader shashi tharoor, a former junior foreign minister, accused pakistan of violating the geneva conventions.
there are certain countries that finance and arm the pakistani military.
those countries must be told by us that if this could be done to an indian today, it can be done to one of their nationals tomorrow, tharoor said.
the extremely important thing for us is to uphold the principles.
this gentleman was denied consular access, which is a basic right, thirteen times.
the geneva conventions have been violated by pakistan if they had done this under laws of war even though we are not at war with pakistan.
aimim leader asaduddin owaisi slammed pakistan for awarding the death sentence to an innocent indian citizen and asked the government to use its influence to get jadhav released.
responding to the clamour, home minister rajnath singh said: i want to assure the house that the government will do everything possible to get justice for jadhav.
in the rajya sabha, congress leader a.k. antony said the entire nation was shocked and agitated and the government should take up the matter seriously.
you must convey to pakistan, in strong words, that if they proceed with this, there would be serious repercussions and, ultimately, pakistan will have to repent, the former defence minister said.
ghulam nabi azad, the leader of the opposition, appealed to the government to defend jadhav with the best possible legal assistance.
deputy chairman p.j. kurien said the entire house was united in condemning the death sentence.
the entire house is one with the government in whatever steps you may take in this matter, kurien said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj speaks in the lok sabha in new delhi on wednesday, during the winter session of parliament.
pti picturenew delhi, dec.
27 (pti): the government will make a statement in the lok sabha on thursday on the treatment meted out by pakistan to the family members of kulbhushan jadhav, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj said on wednesday.
during the zero hour, members of various political parties, including the congress, shiv sena, trinamool congress and all india anna dravida munnetra kazhagam, strongly protested the way jadhav's family members were treated by pakistan authorities when they had gone there to meet jadhav, who is languishing in a pakistani prison.
while strongly criticising the happenings, congress leader in the lok sabha mallikarjun kharge demanded that jadhav should be brought back.
shiv sena's arvind sawant also raised the issue and said india should not keep silent in the matter.
describing pakistan as hypocritical, trinamool congress leader saugata roy said the incident should be criticised and demanded that swaraj should speak on the issue.
condemning the incident, aiadmk leader m. thambidurai said asking a woman to remove her 'mangal sutra' is an insult to the country.
the meeting between jadhav and his mother and wife took place on december 25 at the pakistani foreign affairs ministry in islamabad after repeated requests by india for family access.
jadhav, who was arrested in march, was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court for alleged spying, an accusation that india has dismissed as concocted.
on tuesday, india accused pakistan of violating mutual understanding on jadhav's meeting with his family, and said the indian national appeared coerced and under considerable stress during the tightly-controlled interaction.
pakistan went so far as to have the mangal sutra, bangles and bindi of his mother and wife removed before they could meet him, the external affairs ministry had said on tuesday.
new delhi, july 26: prime minister narendra modi may become the first foreign leader to address nepals parliament after the restoration of democracy in the nation in 1990, on a trip indian officials were calling unlikely till a nepalese announcement made it a fait accompli.
nepals foreign minister mahendra pandey declared in kathmandu on thursday evening that modi would visit the country on august 3-4, catching new delhi off guard with a deviation from protocol that some here are conjecturing was no innocent slip-up.
modi will now likely speak at nepals parliament on august 4, though the ministry of external affairs has not yet confirmed the visit.
the prospective address will come at a time nepals deeply divided polity is slowly trying to edge towards a consensus on a constitution after previous failed efforts.
but it is a speech that indian officials thought, till the middle of this week, he may not need to make till november.
soon after modis meeting with nepal prime minister sushil koirala here on the margins of his swearing-in, india had indicated that modi would like to visit kathmandu in the first week of august.
the plan for the visit was in keeping with modis focus on indias immediate neighbourhood, where new delhis clout has slipped over the past few years.
no indian prime minister has visited nepal for a bilateral trip since inder kumar gujral in 1997, though atal bihari vajpayee travelled to kathmandu for the 2002 saarc summit.
but a series of domestic challenges, a parliament session that may run into the second week of august, and koiralas departure to the us for cancer treatment last month made india unsure about the visit.
koirala returned to kathmandu only last tuesday, and a visit by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to nepal that began yesterday would new delhi thought  give it a chance to gauge the possibility of modi visiting only in november, for a saarc summit.
if a delay were unacceptable to nepal, india could have announced an august visit at the end of sushmas trip  the diplomatic norm is for the nation sending its head of government overseas to first announce the visit.
but the timing of pandeys announcement of dates india had suggested several weeks ago  and on the eve of sushmas arrival in kathmandu left new delhi with little opportunity to renegotiate a modi trip.
this could have been by design, an official said.
sushma, on her three-day trip, will meet koirala and leaders across nepals political spectrum, including maoist leader prachanda.
june 17: india has appealed to bangladesh to step up security at a ramakrishna mission ashram in dhaka after the senior-most monk there received a death threat allegedly by the islamic state.
the bangladesh government has assured full support and protection, foreign office spokesperson vikas swarup said today.
sources said a team of senior monks met prime minister's office officials and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi today and expressed concern about the threat.
we are in direct contact with the ramakrishna mission in dhaka, swarup said.
on june 12, swami sevananda, the assistant secretary of the ramakrishna mission's dhaka unit, received a threat letter signed by one a.b. siddique, who claimed to be an is agent.
swami suhitananda, the general secretary of the math and mission in belur, informed the prime minister's office and chief minister mamata banerjee, a monk said.
darjeeling, aug.
7: bimal gurung today sought from central ministers the reopening of the jelep-la, a pass to tibet which has been shut since the sino-indian border conflict but which could put kalimpong back on the border trade map.
gurung and his delegation of gta members in delhi met union foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari and tourism minister shripad yesso naik.
morcha leader roshan giri, who was present at the meetings, said the gtas list of demands also featured the requirement of a passport seva kendra in siliguri, heritage status to a hydel power plant commissioned in 1897 and repairs to nh55 that has been closed for three years after landslides.
giri, the morcha general secretary, asked if the gorkhaland demand came up for discussion, said: we discussed what i have mentioned.
he said: the response from the ministers was very encouraging.
the demand for reopening the jelepa-la is a long-standing one from the people of kalimpong, a subdivision which before the 1962 sino-indian conflict was a trade hub.
when nathu-la was reopened for trade in 2006, there was a demand to re-open jelep-la, too.
the kalimpong chamber of commerce had submitted a memorandum to then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in 2004 when he visited gangtok.
in 2007, congress mp from darjeeling dawa narbula raised the issue of reopening the jelep-la in parliament.
kalimpong was the station for loading and unloading commodities brought from tibet and also for packaging and re-shipment of export goods from india to tibet before 1962.
the jelep-la is an all-weather pass  it does not get blocked with snow  unlike the nathu-la in sikkim which is at a higher altitude and open only from may to november each year.
the nathu-la is operational at this time for trade between india and china.
trade through the jelep-la started in 1871 and flourished more after colonel francis younghusbands visit to tibet via kalimpong in 1904.
following the improvement in ties between british india and tibet, a british agent was stationed in shigatse in tibet for the purpose of aiding trade and transit.
most of the godowns on the indian side were set up at a place called 10 mile in kalimpong.
the jelep-la starts from kalimpong and passes through algara and pedong in the subdivision and passes through rhenock, arithar, zuluk and kupup in sikkim.
the pass, which meets the chumbi valley in tibet, is at an altitude of 13,999 feet above the sea level.
the gta memorandum of agreement also stated that the reopening of the jelep-la route was one of the proposals that the gta would take up with the state and the centre.
giri said the morcha team also spoke of the need for a passport seva kendra in siliguri.
hill residents now have to travel to calcutta.
he said: we also made a demand to union tourism minister s.y. naik that the sidrapong hydel project be declared a national heritage.
during our meeting with nitin gadkari, we also demanded immediate steps to repair nh55.
j.p. yadavsmriti iraninew delhi: prime minister narendra modi carried out a ministry shuffle on monday evening, divesting smriti irani of the high-profile information and broadcasting ministry and temporarily appointing piyush goyal as finance minister in place of the indisposed arun jaitley.
irani, whose stint was marked by controversy, retains charge of the textile ministry.
her former deputy in the i&b ministry, rajyavardhan rathore, has been given independent charge of the key portfolio.
rathore is from rajasthan, where assembly polls are due later this year.
goyal, the railway minister, will hold additional charge of finance and corporate affairs, filling in for jaitley, who underwent a kidney transplant on monday.
the surgery has been successful.
both the donor and the recipient are stable and recovering well, pti quoted a senior aiims official as saying.
bengal chief minister mamata banerjee was among those who wished jaitley speedy recovery.
while most saw the snub to irani as the highlight of the shuffle, some suggested that goyal's elevation as stopgap finance minister was more significant.
minister of state alphons kannanthanam has been shunted out of electronics and information technology but continues to hold independent charge of the tourism ministry.
darjeeling mp and minister of state s.s. ahluwalia has been shifted from the drinking water and sanitation ministry to the electronics and information technology ministry.
referring to changes in the finance ministry, a rashtrapati bhavan communiqu said: during the period of indisposition of shri arun jaitley, minister, the portfolios of minister of finance and minister of corporate affairs held by him be temporarily assigned to shri piyush goyal in addition to his existing portfolios.
the sources underscored that when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj underwent a kidney transplant in december 2016, her ministry did not get a temporary replacement.
piyush goyalgoyal's temporary elevation has come a little over a week after the congress renewed charges that businesses linked to his family had made extraordinary gains.
goyal had contested the charges.
monday's divestment is a big blow to irani, who had earlier been shifted out of the human resource development ministry after a contentious tenure but later made a comeback by gaining the i&b ministry.
an outcry had forced the prime minister to strike down a controversial order issued by irani's ministry that changed the media accreditation rules in the name of cracking down on fake news.
irani's ministry had also got involved in a tussle with prasar bharati over appointments.
among the latest controversies enmeshing irani was the rashtrapati bhavan's expression of displeasure to the prime minister's office at her ministry's mismanagement dragging the president into a dispute over the national film awards.
some 55 awardees had skipped the ceremony this month after learning at the last moment that the president would not be handing over their awards but confining himself to presenting only the biggest 11 prizes.
irani's ministry had suggested it was the president's decision but the rashtrapati bhavan is believed to have been annoyed at the entire responsibility being shifted to the president's office for a decision conveyed three weeks in advance.
pm welcomes vietnamese president tran dai quang on his first state visit to india at the hyderabad house ahead of the bilateral talks.
source: @meaindianew delhi, mar.
3 (pti): india and vietnam on saturday signed three pacts, including one on nuclear cooperation, and resolved to jointly work for an open indo-pacific, while calling for a rules-based regional architecture.
in their talks, prime minister narendra modi and vietnamese president tran dai quang also promised to expand bilateral cooperation in several key sectors, including defence, oil and gas, and agriculture.
we will jointly work for an open, independent and prosperous indo pacific region where sovereignty and international laws are respected and where differences are resolved through talks, modi said in a media statement in the presence of the vietnamese president.
both sides are committed towards expanding the bilateral maritime cooperation and for an open, efficient and rules-based regional architecture, he said.
the remarks come amid china's growing assertiveness in the region.
on defence cooperation, the prime minister said both sides decided to collaborate in defence production and explore opportunities in transfer of technology.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
the three pacts signed after the talks between the two leaders would provide for cooperation in areas of nuclear energy, trade and agriculture.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen country's comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
quang was also given a ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhavan.
union ministers harsh vardhan and thaawar chand gehlot and other bjp leaders prepare khichdi during an event called bhim mahasamagam on ramlila maidan in new delhi on sunday.
(pti)prime minister narendra modi tried to pep up booth-level workers and excoriated n. chandrababu naidu for allying with the congress.
bjp president amit shah announced 17 committees on a single day, assigning tasks of all possible scales  from preparing the manifesto to organising motorcycle rallies.
minister smriti irani used robert vadra to target the nehru-gandhis.
the ruling partys hectic blur of activity on sunday suggested the bjp leadership, its anxiety growing at the signs of opposition unity, is desperate to shake its workers out of their state poll blues and set the agenda for the general election.
many bjp managers feel the party has been pushed to the back foot by the defeats in three heartland states and has only been responding to an agenda set by congress president rahul gandhi.
shah, who addressed bjp workers in dadra and nagar haveli, appointed home minister rajnath singh as president of the manifesto-preparing committee.
party veteran murli manohar joshi, who headed the panel in 2014, has long been sidelined.
the nod to rajnath, hardly a favourite with modi or shah, reflects an effort to get on board senior leaders who are feeling marginalised.
rajnath is widely seen as a candidate prime minister acceptable to possible allies if the bjp fails to win a majority in 2019 but emerges the largest party.
he will lead a committee of 20, whose members include finance minister arun jaitley and former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan.
union ministers vijay goel, thaawar chand gehlot, harsh vardhan and others eat khichdi in new delhi on sunday.
(pti)in new delhi, a party insider said: we dont want the state poll defeats to de-motivate our leaders and workers.
amitbhai has asked everyone to hurl themselves into the poll preparations.
he acknowledged a sense of despondency among party workers.
modi interacted with booth-level workers in andhra pradesh through videoconferencing to ensure they slogged hard enough.
betraying his nervousness at any hint of opposition unity, he accused chief minister and telugu desam boss n. chandrababu naidu of backstabbing party founder n.t. rama rao and telugu pride by aligning with the congress.
it was ntr who led the congress-mukt bharat front.
today, his own son-in-law has bent his head before the congress, modi told a woman party worker.
the desam has quit the nda and joined hands with the congress.
modis comment reflected the size of the challenge that an opposition closing of ranks would pose to the bjp.
with mayawati and akhilesh yadav getting closer to forming an alliance  they have met in delhi to negotiate seats  the bjp is feeling especially jittery.
a crackdown on a five-year-old mining scandal in uttar pradesh that the cbi has launched since saturday is being seen as an attempt to target akhilesh, who on sunday echoed the suspicion himself.
uttar pradesh minister siddharth nath singh was fielded in delhi to deny akhileshs allegations and justify the cbi raids.
akhilesh yadav presided over a government that was hand in glove with the mining mafia, singh said, demanding the cbi question the former chief minister.
the bjp fears that an alliance between the samajwadi party and the bahujan samaj party would hurt it in indias politically most crucial state, costing it more than half the 73 seats it had won out of 80 there last time.
bjp chief shah announced the formation of 16 other committees, suggesting war-like preparations.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who has decided not to contest the lok sabha polls, heads a panel that will prepare party literature.
among the 16 are a bike committee  possibly meant to organise motorbike rallies  and a chartered plane committee.
modi offered the workers tips on how to garner media coverage.
in india everyone complains about the media.
the simple thing to do is to try and understand the media, he told a worker who had complained that the media did not adequately cover the bjp.
it (the media) is not a single unit  you as bjp workers have to make friends with the foot soldiers of the media.
never be de-motivated; build good relations with the media.
union minister smriti irani was fielded at a news conference to target the nehru-gandhis.
she called vadra, sonia gandhis son-in-law, the congress national son-in-law and accused him of being involved in defence deals.
irani said the enforcement directorate was sending summons to manoj arora, who she claimed was vadras personal assistant.
i urge the congress to get manoj arora to appear before the ed, she said.
our special correspondentsherin mathewsnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has requested women and child development minister maneka gandhi to investigate the adoption process of sherin mathews, the three-year-old whose body was found in a culvert in suburban dallas in the us.
i have requested @manekagandhibjp minister for women and child development for a thorough investigation into the adoption process of baby saraswati @sherinmathews who has been killed by her foster father wesley mathews in united states, sushmaswaraj tweeted on friday evening.
baby saraswati had been sherin's name at the bihar orphanage from where she had been adopted.
even cases that are currently been processed will need the ministry's approval.
sherin had been adopted by indian-american couple sini and wesley mathews, who hail from kerala, on june 23, 2016, from the nalanda-based orphanage mother teresa anath seva sansthan, which has since been shut down by the district administration because of alleged irregularities.
previously, the vetting of prospective parents from abroad - both foreigners and nris - was done either by an authorised foreign adoption agency or the central authority concerned.
in places where neither exists, the prospective parents could approach the indian mission for the home and eligibility study.
sherin was reported missing on october 7 from outside her home in richardson, texas.
her adoptive father, wesley, had claimed he had made her stand beneath a tree at three in the morning as punishment for refusing to drink milk.
her body was found last weekend, after which wesley changed his statement and said she choked on milk while he assisted her to drink it.
after sherin coughed and choked, wesley claimed he found she had no pulse and decided to take her out of the house and bury the body instead of taking help from his nurse wife who was sleeping.
new delhi, july 6: maneka gandhi, the woman and child development minister, has floated a proposal for a high-level committee to handle complaints about nri marriages.
in a meeting with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, maneka yesterday suggested that a committee be formed -comprising representatives from their ministries as well as that of home affairs - to deal with complaints made by women against nri husbands.
there has been a longstanding demand for such a committee.
have requested @sushmaswaraj ji to set up a joint group to develop a standard operating procedure to tackle the problems of these women.
wcd will proactively work with indian missions in foreign countries to resolve the situations that these women are in, maneka tweeted after the meeting.
the minister has often expressed concern over the number of such complaints that land on her desk daily and rued the lack of inter-ministerial coordination to deal with the issue.
she has listed the kind of complaints the committee is expected to deal with: a husband keeping his wife's passport and not letting her travel; a husband being unresponsive to the wife left behind in india; a husband abandoning his wife, a husband being unresponsive to maintenance or divorce petitions; a husband forcibly keeping children abroad; and a husband who disappears without leaving any clue to his whereabouts.
it is a great move as it will expedite the process of getting a divorce, maintenance and even criminal proceedings if all these departments of the government coordinate among themselves.
it will become much simpler and reduce the level of harassment for women, said tej krishan kaul, whose daughter's husband in australia has refused to reply to multiple summons.
according to data available with the government, 275 complaints of fraudulent marriages have been received at 12 indian missions abroad from 2011-12 to 2014-15.
in most cases, the husband is already married, or the wife is abandoned in a foreign country or the husband keeps demanding dowry.
students expelled beijing, april 28 (pti): three indian medical students have been expelled from a chinese university and deported from the country after violent clashes broke out between two groups of students from india.
one person was stabbed in the clash.
the indian mission has issued an advisory dubbing the conduct of the students unacceptable and warning them of zero-tolerance in all such cases.
court holiday new delhi (pti): the centre on thursday said no proposal was under its consideration to curtail the vacation period and extend the working hours in courts.
prime minister narendra modi had recently hinted that long vacations were hurting disposal of cases.
sushma new delhi (pti): the condition of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is improving fast and she will be discharged soon from aiims.
swaraj, 64, was admitted to aiims on april 25 after she complained of congestion in the chest.
singer plea mumbai (pti): singer ankit tiwari, arrested for allegedly raping a woman, has moved a discharge application in the sessions court in mumbai.
he has stated in the plea that his relationship with the complainant was consensual.
tiwari was arrested in 2014, and was granted bail a month later.
child crimes new delhi (pti): the centre informed the rajya sabha on thursday that over 1.
30 lakh children were apprehended between 2012 and 2014 for various crimes.
around 27,000 of them were sent to observation and special homes.
professor bar new delhi (pti): delhi university professor g.n. saibaba, out on bail in a case of alleged maoist links, has been asked by ram lal anand college not to enter its premises without permission as it creates law and order problems.
in a letter to saibaba, the principal has termed his recent visits to the college unauthorised and unwarranted conduct and has warned him of action.
buy peace it is one thing to teach breathing exercises to disciples and quite another to tackle wily politicians breathing fire at you.
ask baba ramdev, he should know.
the guru of yoga had declared war on all politicians over the black money row, but a clever counter-attack and a few uncomfortable questions on the part of digvijay singh saw the yogi running for cover in the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh camp.
seeking a shoulder to cry on, ramdev first called the firebrand leader, uma bharti.
but the sadhvi herself has been drowning in sorrow ever since she found out that the doors of the bharatiya janata party would remain firmly shut for her.
so she asked a worried ramdev to get in touch with the vishwa hindu parishad veteran, ashok singhal, instead.
perhaps singhal proved to be more helpful as ramdev, apparently, has now decided to lend his support to the vhps pet issues such as ayodhya, cleansing the ganges, terrorism, and so on.
but the trade-off has already got the cynics wondering whether ramdev will now declare that he has decided to spare the saffronwallahs from the terrible war he is about to wage on errant politicians.
haunted speech that sm krishna had unwittingly committed a blunder at a recent united nations security council meeting in new york is well known.
he had started reading the speech of the portuguese minister, who had spoken earlier.
luckily, the error was spotted quickly by an alert indian diplomat who helped krishna rectify the mistake.
but what is not known is that the ghost of that faux pas continues to haunt krishna even in domestic territory.
the other day, even as krishna was trying to read out a statement in the lok sabha, he was cautioned by members to check whether he had the correct text with him.
the ruckus that ensued  perhaps as a result of the wisecrack  forced krishna to give up his attempt to complete the task.
good girl she may have butchered her seven husbands on screen, but some say that piggy chops has decided to forgive the it sleuths who had come knocking on her door.
there is more proof of priyanka chopras magnanimity: she accepted the role of census ambassador that was offered to her by the union home minister.
the actress also decided to work for free and spare any length of time to spread the message about the census.
another mischievous explanation for priyankas magnanimity goes like this: the good turn, the actress is hoping, will be enough to keep the taxmen at bay.
very sorry the chief minister of karnataka recently flew from bangalore to new delhi.
was it yet another sign of imminent trouble in the bjps ranks in the southern state?
that wasnt the case.
bs yeddyurappa had travelled northward to apologize to sushmaswaraj swaraj, who was mightily upset with him.
so much so that the fiery lady decided not to attend the rally to celebrate yeddyurappas 1,000 days in office.
but what is the reason behind swarajs anger?
apparently, she is deeply unhappy with the way yeddyurappa treated the party gen-sec, ananth kumar.
a month ago, yeddyurappa had convened a solidarity meeting to present a united face of the party at a time when the governor, hr bhardwaj, had decided to prosecute the embattled cm.
yeddyurappa wanted to address a joint press conference with kumar, but the latter refused to do so.
as a result, yeddyurappa turned kumar out.
a miffed kumar came knocking on swarajs door.
she, in turn, summoned yeddyurappa.
but the cm stayed put in the state, infuriating swaraj further.
it was time for nitin gadkari to step in and cool things down.
gadkari convinced yeddyurappa to fly to delhi to present his side of the story.
an obedient cm took the flight to apologize to messrs swaraj and kumar.
yeddyurappas troubles are over, but if the past record is anything to go by, it will not be long before he takes another flight to the capital.
still powerful satish mishras place in the bahujan samaj party pecking order remains assured.
this was evident when behenji trooped in with her family and relatives to attend the wedding of mishras daughter.
the entire up cabinet was in attendance as well, as were seven sitting judges who, however, chose not to meet mayavati.
there has been a lot of talk about mishra being a spent force.
but mayavatis presence during the wedding should suffice as evidence that mishra continues to call the shots.
footnotelove hurts valentines day has come and gone, but love is still in the air for kareena kapoor.
despite her busy schedule, kareena did not say no when her beau, saif ali khan  currently shooting in bhopal  asked her to spend a weekend with him.
and saif left no stones unturned to make the occasion special for his soulmate.
plans were made for the couple to visit not only saifs grandmothers palace but also other historical places that are related to bhopals nawabi past.
saif and kareena are also expected to visit a jungle resort close to the state capital.
ever the perfect gentleman, saif also arrived at the airport to receive kareena.
but somehow, the local media got wind of his plans and gathered at the venue in full strength, forcing the star to stay inside his car.
love, alas, is not just a bed of roses.
v. kumara swamyfor the last few weeks, shridhar d. damle has been everywhere - calcutta, mumbai, delhi.
at every place he has been single-mindedly focussed on getting new information on hindutva ideologue v.d. savarkar.
not that he doesn't have enough information on the subject already.
but damle, by his own admission, is a bit like a child in a candy shop when it comes to savarkar - he wants everything and more.
damle is based in chicago but is in delhi currently on an important mission.
while researching savarkar in calcutta, i came to know that police there have intelligence reports on his 1939 visit.
i want to read them.
i am hoping the home minister, rajnath singh, can help me, he says.
i am meeting damle to discuss not savarkar, but another sangh parivar institution - the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss).
we have just walked into a noisy cafe in delhi's bengali market area.
it is a particularly cold evening, but our man's sweater is only draped over his shoulders, its sleeves tied in a loose knot around his neck.
damle is the co-author of the 1987 book on the rss, the brotherhood in saffron: the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh and hindu revivalism.
the lead author of the classic work was walter k. andersen.
the book deals with the rss's organisational structure, its early years, the ideology and its relationship with the bjp and several other affiliates.
andersen and damle's upcoming book has been tentatively, but deferentially, titled messenger of dharma: the rss, hindutva and the parivar organisations.
that's not what the writers think, damle clarifies.
it is the rss that sees itself thus.
i ask him why there is no mention of brotherhood in the title and he laughs.
that is out of the question after what the muslim brotherhood has done in the middle east.
the book was suggested by none other than narendra modi, damle reveals.
when he was in the us in 2014, we met at a get-together and he asked me why we had not updated our book when so much had happened in india.
i spoke to walter and within days we were planning our book.
the new book will be a continuation of the old one, with a few differences.
we take up a different subject in each chapter, like the relationship of the rss with the muslims, cow slaughter, nationalism.
.
.
, he explains.
but anybody who has read the first book would have one question for the writer duo.
how did they get such free-ranging access to the rss ranks?
because they trust us, says damle.
apparently, m.s. golwalkar, the second sarsanghchalak, spoke to him at length in 1967 as part of a research project.
after that no rss chief has denied me an interview.
damle claims the new book will throw light on specific episodes of history.
for instance, he says two or more independent sources have confirmed that when rajiv gandhi was prime minister in 1988, he sent emissaries to the then rss sarsanghchalak, balasaheb deoras, soon after the government decided to open the doors of the disputed ram temple, which was within the precincts of the babri masjid in ayodhya.
according to damle, the present governor of tamil nadu, banwarilal purohit, was one of those who had facilitated that meeting.
rajiv wanted a secret pact with the rss.
he asked deoras if the rss would support the congress in the 1989 elections if he promised the construction of the ram temple, says damle and adds that deoras was, thereafter, ready to dump the bjp.
the 76-year-old also talks about the incorrect projection of the rss - as a secretive, communal force with a fascist mindset and a direct threat to the secular constitution of the country - by mainstream media.
he says, much of the media that presented this point of view has been tamed after 2014.
does he mean to say the rss is not static, supremacist and backward-looking?
damle thunders, that is so far from the truth.
some supporters call it a revolutionary entity.
even that is not true.
it is a very evolutionary, fast-thinking group that plans its steps well ahead of others.
he talks about how modi as the mass leader had always been on the rss radar and he was told well in advance to prepare for the role.
arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj were considered, but they lost out as the rss leadership - quite correctly - felt they lacked a mass base.
what about the fact that the rss likes operating behind the scenes through its various wings, while claiming it has nothing to do with the functioning of the bjp?
and in 1998, the then rss chief had gone so far as to suggest that the organisation was not interested in holding the vajpayee government on a leash.
does damle believe these claims as well?
that was never true, says damle.
of course, the rss meddled in the bjp's affairs.
he cites the example of long-time pracharak and skilled organiser krishna gopal and how he moved from assam to uttar pradesh long before the 2014 elections with the single aim of strengthening the rss network to help the bjp.
he talks about the added impetus (for a closer engagement) that came after some hindu groups came to be yoked with the saffron terror tag post the ajmer (2007), samjhauta express (2007) and malegaon (2008) blasts.
he recalls how it all culminated with mohan bhagwat's announcement in 2009, post his elevation as sarsanghchalak, that the bjp needed chemotherapy.
damle concedes that now, when the bjp is in power and stronger than ever before, the rss may have undergone a more drastic change of heart.
i feel the rss has realised the importance of power and its benefits.
it doesn't want to lose it now.
he points to evidence.
the parivar organisations are a lot more nuanced when it comes to criticism of the government.
vajpayee and his ministers were called names and they were even termed anti-national by some of the sangh affiliates.
you don't hear that now.
the government too, i must admit, is a lot more accommodating when it comes to the concerns of the sangh in some areas.
but there is one field that he feels the rss has been given a free hand.
what the media and others are ignoring is how skillfully and sublimely the rss is working in the field of education.
by 2024, they would have raised and readied a new generation of educated indians who understand and believe in the philosophy of hindutva.
all the vice-chancellors of major universities are partners in this project.
in the changed situation, damle says, the rss foresees a major role for yogi adityanath at the centre post 2024.
and what is the rss's equation with the minorities?
damle recalls how one rss man recently told him that the organisation's muslim outreach programme is a bit like an effort to straighten out a dog's tail.
damle, however, points out that the sangh is looking to partner with shias, syrian christians and even some protestant organisations.
speaking of partnerships, andersen and damle have studied all 36 affiliates of the rss, many of which, such as the bajrang dal, have been involved in anti-minority violence.
do such organisations operate independent of the rss?
both writers agree that nothing happens without the tacit approval of the parent.
but damle dismisses all talk of the rss being an organisation that models itself on the fascists of the west, as some of its critics allege.
fascists emphasise upon one power centre and one leader, he points out.
damle has a different analogy.
you can compare it to the catholic church and the rss chief as the pope.
kshetriya pracharaks are like archbishops.
if you look at the selection of the rss chief, it is almost like the workings of the catholic church.
he adds that this catholic church, unlike the one in rome, may never stop at just hand-holding the bjp.
it will keep a close watch and if the party is in trouble, the pope will take control and set it right.
you can be sure of that.
a riddle a day keeps the balakot pot boiling.
on thursday evening, pti, the news agency, quoted foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as telling bjp women workers in ahmedabad that no pakistani soldier or citizen died in the air strikes in february.
she said the military was told to target only the jaish-e-mohammed.
close to midnight, the agency reported the minister had said pakistani civilian, not citizen.
we had given a free hand to the army but had given two directions too  no civilian of pakistan (pakistan ka koi nagrik) should die.
pakistans army should not be touched, pti quoted the minister.
the common hindi word for civilian is asainik.
nagrik usually means citizen.
its not clear why the usual meaning was changed to civilian.
amid several other questions, pakistani citizen and civilian now join the balakot puzzle parade.
mumbai, june 12 (pti): the wife of a 32-year-old engineer kidnapped from darfur, sudan, in march said the family is feeling abandoned and is ready to pay ransom.
irfan jaffrey, employed with a firm involved in providing communications services to the un, was abducted outside a turkish restaurant on the afternoon of march 12.
the un is negotiating with the abductors in darfur.
we are ready to pay the ransom demanded by the kidnappers.
for me, my husband is everything.
the no-ransom policies of the united nations and indian government are killing us.
.
.
my husband is in deep trouble.
we are feeling abandoned in this crisis.
why is there no one to help us?
nafisa jaffrey, 30, irfans wife, said.
i beg external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to feel our pain and anguish and help me get back my husband, pleaded nafisa, holding her seven-year-old sons hand.
nafisa stays in thane.
her husband, an it engineer with trigyn technologies ltd, used to visit home twice a year.
arnab gangulypanchkula: a special cbi court on wednesday convicted nine persons of sexually exploiting inmates of a haryana home for destitute and mentally challenged girls in 2012.
the quantum of punishment in the apna ghar case will be announced on april 24.
nine persons, including the main accused, have been found guilty by the special cbi court.
one person has been acquitted.
we will go for an appeal after the quantum of punishment is announced, said abhishek rana, the defence counsel.
those found guilty are jaswanti devi, the in-charge of the apna ghar shelter and the main accused, her daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, son-in-law jai bhagwan, brother jaswant, cousin sheela, driver satish, employee ram prakash saini, counsellor veena and acquaintance roshni.
on may 7, 2012, three girls had escaped from the shelter at rohtak, the home turf of then haryana chief minister bhupinder singh hooda, travelled to delhi and sought the help of the national commission for protection of child rights.
the ncpcr had raided the premises two days later and rescued around 120 inmates, who had been subjected to sexual abuse, exploited physically and mentally and used as bonded labour.
jaswanti and her kin were arrested soon.
a month later the haryana government, which had formed a special investigation team to probe the case, sealed the premises of the home and handed over the case to the cbi.
a chargesheet was filed against 10 persons on august 7, 2012.
the nine accused were tried under ipc sections 376 (rape), 313 (abortion without consent), 323 (assault or use of criminal force on a woman with intent to outrage her modesty), 374 (unlawful compulsory labour), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 120-b (criminal conspiracy) and violation of the immoral trafficking (prevention) act and the juvenile justice act.
new delhi, feb.
1: the bjp-led nda believes that since it is spearheading the campaign to repatriate black money stashed abroad, it should lead by example.
after an nda meeting today, punjab chief minister and akali dal patriarch parkash singh badal announced in a media conference that the coalitions chief ministers, mps and party heads should voluntarily and compulsorily declare their cash assets kept abroad, if any.
if it is money that is legally earned and deposited abroad, then it should be brought back home.
if it is illegally gotten wealth, the government must probe the sources and take action against the person, said badal.
bjp veteran l.k. advani, at whose home the meeting was held, demanded that india immediately become a signatory to the un convention against corruption and put in place a mechanism to recover black money through an act of parliament in the budget session.
when small countries like peru have managed to get back cash deposits from swiss banks, what is preventing india from following suit?
he asked.
a report was presented by a special task force that the bjp had set up to probe the black money networks.
the nda leaders also decided not to give up their demand for a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe into the 2g, commonwealth games and adarsh housing scandals during the budget session that begins on february 21.
asked if the nda would continue stalling the house, she said: we will firm up our strategy on the session eve.
new delhi, sept.
27: prime minister narendra modi has called a meeting of top officials on thursday to consider limited economic sanctions against pakistan.
but withdrawing the most favoured nation (mfn) status from pakistan will yield india minimal gains because of the negligible direct trade between the neighbours, and could backfire on indian traders, officials and analysts have cautioned.
india shared of details of the uri attackers, their guides and two handlers with pakistan's high commissioner today.
but officials acknowledged a growing recognition within the government that india wields limited bilateral leverage over pakistan, and that reducing pakistan to a pariah state globally is likely to prove frustratingly difficult in spite of islamabad's patchy global track record.
the us state department has dismissed speeches by both pakistan prime minister nawaz sharif and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the un general assembly as rhetoric.
the mfn status means india allows the import of all goods from pakistan.
it is rooted in india's membership of the world trade organisation that encourages all members to extend the status to others.
withdrawing the status, which new delhi extended in 1996, would allow india to place restrictions on imports of select pakistani items.
out of india's total merchandise trade of $641 billion in 2015-16, pakistan accounted for a meagre $2.
67 billion.
imports from pakistan - which would take a hit if the mfn status is withdrawn - were valued at only $0.
4 billion.
the rest of the $2.
2 billion came from indian exports to pakistan.
the volume of trade with pakistan is really small, and we've got to remember - by imposing sanctions, they are not the only ones who lose, nisha taneja, a professor at new delhi's indian council for research on international economic relations (icrier), said.
sanctions can cut both ways.
nothing prevents india from revoking the mfn status to pakistan.
the question we have to ask is what we are achieving by that and the answer is we will only be hurting the indian traders as the balance of trade is in our favour.
.
.
such a move would be nothing more than symbolic, said manoj pant, a professor with the centre for international trade and development, jawaharlal nehru university.
pakistan, which blocks the import of 1,200 indian commodities, had started loosening up restrictions before bilateral talks collapsed, a process it may stall - or reverse - in retaliation.
hours after the decision today to review trade ties with pakistan, foreign secretary s. jaishankar summoned pakistan high commissioner abdul basit - for the second time in a week - and handed him a demarche.
the diplomatic note of protest details how two men, 20-year-old faizal hussain awan, and 19-year-old yasin khursheed, both from muzaffarabad, were nabbed by villagers in uri and had confessed to the national investigation agency that they had guided the september 18 attackers.
awan, during his interrogation, also identified one of the four killed terrorists as hafiz ahmed - also from muzaffarabad, the capital of pakistan-occupied-kashmir.
on september 23, according to jaishankar's note, another pakistani national, abdul qayoom was apprehended and has since confessed to undergoing three weeks of training in a lashkar e-taiba camp.
continuing cross-border terrorist attacks from pakistan against india are unacceptable, jaishankar's de marche said.
but the deputy spokesperson of the us state department, mark toner, in his daily briefing yesterday - after sushma's address at the un - was dismissive of the verbal jousts the foreign minister engaged in, following allegations against india levelled by sharif a week earlier.
so i think - seen the rhetoric, heard the rhetoric, toner said in response to a question.
i think our longstanding position is that we believe india and pakistan really stand to benefit from the normalisation of relations between them and practical cooperation between them, and we encourage both india and pakistan to pursue and engage in direct dialogue that is aimed at reducing tensions.
asked about a petition moved by indian-americans seeking the description of pakistan as a terrorist state, toner said that while the us remained concerned about terror groups that attack pakistan's neighbours from its soil, islamabad was serious in its fight against militant groups.
they're fighting a serious and sustained campaign against violent extremism, toner said.
we do believe that they're making progress, that they're taking steps to counter terrorist violence.
using trade as a bilateral bargaining tool with pakistan may prove even more frustrating than trying to isolate it internationally, officials and analysts said - in large part because most goods imported and exported between the neighbours do not travel through direct routes.
most trade is conducted through dubai - a process that makes the prospect of selling or buying four times costlier and longer than it would through direct trans-border routes.
but traders still consider the indirect, dubai route more reliable as it is insulated from bilateral tensions and the additional scrutiny any product faces at both ends of the attari-wagah border.
using the dubai route, indian traders can also sell in pakistan goods that figure on the list of 1,00 banned goods - india offers mfn status to the uae.
there are no official figures of the volume of indirect trade between india and pakistan.
but the latest estimates based on a survey conducted by icrier put informal trade between them at $4.
7 billion, consisting of $4 billion exports from india, and $0.
7 billion imports from pakistan.
this trade will remain unaffected by a withdrawal of pakistan's mfn status.
the decision to review pakistan's mfn status comes a day after india decided to suspend meetings of a bilateral commission that monitors the implementation of the 56-year-old indus water treaty till, in the words of a senior official, there is an atmosphere free of terror.
although india has insisted that it will stick to the treaty and only try and maximise the gains it is entitled to, pakistan's top diplomat today warned new delhi that a unilateral abrogation would constitute an act of war.
sharif's foreign policy adviser sartaj aziz also said today that pakistan was preparing a dossier on the misuse of the treaty by india, and would share it with major nations and the world bank - which mediated the pact in 1960.
wto rules allow a country to withdraw mfn status from another nation citing national security provisions.
india has in the past imposed sanctions on pakistan, including after the 2001 parliament attack, following which new delhi stopped all land and air trade with islamabad.
those were the toughest sanctions we've ever imposed on them, but it wasn't easy, icrier's taneja said.
it makes more sense to ask pakistan to further relax its regime for indian imports.
remember, once you've liberalised trade, pulling back is never easy.
tired tip keep guessing the big two  sonia gandhi and manmohan singh  may not have uttered a word but speculation is rife in the corridors of power of an impending reshuffle in the union council of ministers.
consequently, rumours are flying thick and fast and the jockeying for plum posts has started in earnest among the various contenders.
but the feverish conjecture seems to have amused, and even riled, some old hands.
for instance, the union external affairs minister, sm krishna, tired of being tipped as a future governor, had this to say recently to a section of the press corps:  speculation is the exclusive prerogative of the ladies and gentlemen sitting before me.
you keep speculating, we keep reading.
pranab mukherjee, on the other hand, has been a tad irritated by this buzz of change.
there is some talk about pranabda exchanging places with p chidambaram, but the finance minister has reportedly said that with the union budget round the corner, the chances of such a shift appear to be very slim.
meanwhile, the youth brigade  jyotiraditya scindia, ajay maken, manish tiwari and others  are keeping their fingers crossed and their eyes set on the minister of states rank in the pmo.
they are hoping that the pm will act upon his wish and bring about a younger cabinet.
what has added grist to the rumour mill is the possibility of an organizational reshuffle, and senior leaders such as ambika soni, kamal nath and ghulam nabi azad are expected to be brought back to bolster the party organization.
to know which way the winds of change will blow, keep watching this space.
show stealer meanwhile, one can also hear an excited gaggle of voices from the bharatiya janata party camp.
bjp spokespersons, shahnawaz hussain, rajiv pratap rudy and nirmala sitamani are miffed about the fact that sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley rarely miss an opportunity to interact with the media.
to make matters worse, ss ahluwalia and vijay kumar malhotra also hold regular press briefings when parliament is in session, leaving rudy and co. with very little to do.
but rudy did manage to snatch a few moments under the sun during the bjps national executive meet at guwahati.
a trained pilot, he flew one of the aircraft to the airport and managed to draw a lot of attention.
in his free time, he also entertained some of his technologically challenged colleagues with internet games on his laptop.
here is hoping that all the attention and the accolades at guwahati will help lift rudys spirits.
close ties the former chief minister of rajasthan, vasundhara raje, and the bjp president, nitin gadkari, seem to get along like a house on fire.
the reason?
after gadkari became the party president, he succeeded in solving the crisis in rajes home turf.
gadkari even took a grateful raje along with him to a goodwill visit abroad.
the duo were seen travelling together for the national executive in guwahati as well.
they sat reading the newspapers in the front row on the early morning flight from delhi and shared some light moments.
other party leaders, who were travelling to the same destination, sat behind the cheerful duo and perhaps hoped that the bonhomie would last for good.
cool down at a recent cabinet meeting, a war of words broke out between p chidambaram and farooq abdullah.
apparently, abdullah directed pcs attention towards the demolition of a religious structure in the capital, to which chidambaram replied that his ministry was just doing its job.
but abdullah was not done yet.
next, he complained that a religious leader was reportedly making inflammatory speeches and that the situation was getting out of control.
an irritated chidambaram enlisted the measures that he had undertaken to restore normalcy, but even this failed to impress abdullah.
as if spiralling onions prices are not enough, now the pm has to devise ways to end verbal duels among ministers.
small mercies sharad pawars request to indians to stop eating onions at a time of scarcity has not gone down too well.
the other day, a wag was heard thanking the almighty that pawar isnt the textiles minister.
he would have asked us not to wear clothes then, concluded the wise one.
footnotebusy bees after his return from political wilderness, jaswant singhs days have got busier.
singh has now been asked to forge smooth ties with other political parties in a bid to win more allies.
nitin gadkari made a statement to this effect just a few days before the national executive went under way in guwahati.
curiously, singhs son, manvendra, too has become a busy bee these days.
manvendra was a former journalist and a leading columnist before he entered the topsy-turvy world of politics.
after his father got expelled from the bjp, he too lay low for a while.
now, both father and son seem to have made a strong comeback and manvendras articles have started reappearing on print.
singh senior and his son couldnt have asked for a better turn in their fortunes.
sanjay k. jhapartap singh bajwanew delhi: rajya sabha member and former punjab pradesh congress committee president partap singh bajwa has been fighting with the government for the past one year over the 39 indians who died in mosul, iraq.
in an interview with the telegraph, he said the insensitive government desperately tried to hide the truth for reasons beyond comprehension.
excerpts:q: why is the congress blaming the government for a tragedy that was beyond its control?
a: we aren't asking why the government did not raid mosul and fight the isis (also known as the islamic state or the is).
our question is simple: why did you hide facts and mislead the families and the nation?
there is no other example in recent history in the world when the government kept its people in the dark on such a sensitive issue.
q: but the government says it didn't have concrete evidence to declare them dead?
why shouldn't the government be circumspect and hope for the best?
a: on one hand, there was the account of eye-witness harjit masih.
on the other, there was nothing concrete.
i asked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament about the basis of her statement that they were all alive.
she even said they were getting hot food.
she said every sensitive detail can't be disclosed.
i asked her to disclose the venue and time of the meeting of her source who met or saw the indian prisoners.
give us one small evidence or at least say i am not sure whether they are alive or not.
she kept giving false hope to the families.
q: the minister said masih's narration was a cock-and-bull story.
a: not only that, he was kept in detention by raw.
why should an important person who allegedly was lying be kept under surveillance, given a job offer and pressurised to make false statements?
he was allowed to go home for 10 days when he spilled the beans.
after that, he was put in jail.
when a television news channel proved the indians had died, the government should have done course correction.
but they stuck to their lie because they wanted to use the episode for political mileage.
even while the minister made the announcement of the deaths, she was playing politics.
she didn't inform the families whom she misled for so long and tried to defame the congress and give credit to her government.
she said minister v.k. singh had to sleep on the floor.
was that the issue.
.
.
?
we should be sorry for the families or the discomfort v.k. singh suffered?
q: what could the government have done?
what were the better options?
a: the government could have at least shown some maturity and sincerity.
these were poor people.
.
.
.
i am sure the government would have reacted differently had the abducted people been rich and powerful.
the government woke up only after iraq announced mosul had been freed from isis control.
what pains us more is the attitude of our government.
as i was approaching the mea (ministry of external affairs) regularly with queries, sushmaswaraj swaraj blocked me on twitter.
(sushma could not be contacted despite repeated attempts for her version)q: blocked you?
when?
a: i realised i was blocked on december 27, 2017, when a particular message didn't go through.
was i trolling her?
isn't it my duty to raise the concerns of my people as an mp?
if the minister was so concerned, as she has been claiming, why should she block someone who was also deeply worried about the fate of the abducted indians?
siliguri, april 4: congress and bjp heavyweights are scheduled to make a foray into north bengal in the middle of this month to campaign for the assembly polls.
while sonia gandhi and rahul gandhi will spearhead the congress campaign, narendra modi, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj will be the bjps star attractions in the region.
to add glamour to the contest, both the parties have lined up the likes of cricketer mohammad azharuddin and actress hema malini.
the bjp and the congress said the national leaders would be holding public meetings in the region during the last three-four days of the campaigning, as there was a restriction on the use of loudspeakers till april 12 because of exams.
north bengal goes to polls on april 18.
both sonia and rahul gandhi will be here during the last few days of the campaign.
we expect them to address a number of public meetings across north bengal, said shankar malakar, the darjeeling district congress president.
according to congress sources, rahul is expected to address rallies at naxalbari in darjeeling district and chulsa in jalpaiguri district.
sonia gandhi will attend meetings in jalpaiguri and alipurduar.
two of our mps, mohammad azharuddin and priya dutt, will be in malbazar on april 13 to campaign for congress candidates, said saikat chatterjee, the jalpaiguri district youth congress president.
union finance minister pranab mukherjee already began his tour of north bengal today by holding workers' conventions in birpara, nagrakata and lataguri.
after the meeting in birpara, mukherjee said he was happy that workers and leaders of both the congress and the trinamul congress were present at the meeting.
with the congress making such an elaborate plan, the bjp is not lagging behind.
vinay katiyar, one of our senior leaders, has already campaigned for the bjp in siliguri last week, said biswapriya roychoudhury, the state bjp secretary.
once the restrictions are withdrawn in the middle of april, a number of senior leaders, including the chief ministers of bjp-ruled states, will make a whirlwind tour of north bengal and speak at public meetings in each district to cover all 54 assembly constituencies.
the list of bjp campaigners includes gujarat chief minister narendra modi, arun jaitley and sushmaswaraj swaraj, chandan mitra, hema malini and smriti irani.
we have also requested bjp president nitin gadkari and l.k. advani to stump the region.
but we are yet to get confirmation from their end.
for the star campaigners, the party has decided to charter four choppers and a plane, said roychoudhury.
trinamul chief mamata banerjee will also tour north bengal from april 13 to 16 and campaign for her candidates.
barring cpm politburo member sitaram yechuri, the left is keeping the poll jamboree limited to state ministers and local leaders.
yechuri will hold a rally in darjeeling on april 14.
the indian government declared jinnah house as evacuee property and took possession in 1949, soon after jinnahs death the previous year.
file picturethe government has decided to convert jinnah house  the mute witness to partition talks  in mumbai into a hyderabad house-like facility that will give the external affairs ministry a prominent address in the financial capital to host heads of state for summit-level discussions and banquets.
the decision was immediately contested by pakistan.
reacting to reports that the external affairs ministry was in the process of acquiring possession of the european-style sprawling sea-facing bungalow built by jinnah in 1936, pakistan foreign office spokesperson mohammad faisal said: we have a long-standing claim on jinnah house, which has been accepted by india at the highest level.
we have documentary evidence to that extent.
india has to honour its commitment.
his indian counterpart raveesh kumars reply was prompt at the weekly briefing: pakistan is not in the picture.
they have no locus standi as far as this property is concerned.
it is a government of india property and we are actively in the process of renovating it and putting it to effective use on the lines of what we do with hyderabad house in delhi.
earlier this month, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had informed the bjp mla from malabar hill, mangal prabhat lodha, that the prime ministers office had approved the transfer of jinnah house to the external affairs ministry for its development as a hyderabad house-like facility.
the indian government declared jinnah house as evacuee property and took possession in 1949, soon after jinnahs death the previous year since his heir  sister fatima jinnah  too had moved to pakistan along with him.
till 1981, jinnah house was allotted to the british high commission, and thereafter housed the indian council of cultural relations.
but the issue of ownership of enemy property remained a festering one as heirs of families divided by partition contested the governments claim that the enemy property act, 1968, gave it ownership rights by virtue of being the custodian of enemy property.
in 2005, the supreme court declared that the custodian of enemy property was only a trustee, and the enemy was the owner.
the judgment was reversed by the government in 2016 through an amendment to the 1968 law, making the centre the owner of all such properties.
since 2007, the ownership of jinnah house has been in litigation after his only child, dina wadia  mother of businessman nusli wadia  contested the governments claim to the property.
even after the enactment of the amendment, the wadias have not given up their claim to the property and nusli was allowed by mumbai high court in august this year to replace his mother, who died last year, as petitioner in the case.
asked about the ongoing litigation, foreign ministry spokesperson kumar said: this is our property.
pakistan has time and again sought permission to use the premises as its consulate in mumbai, but the request was not entertained, particularly after islamabad shut down indias consulate in karachi in 1995.
convicted legislatorsnew delhi, july 22: the supreme court today sought the poll panel's response on a complaint that some convicted lawmakers continue to hold office despite being disqualified for six years.
a bench issued notice to the panel on a pil filed by ngo lok prahari alleging certain legislators from uttar pradesh and maharashtra are functioning as lawmakers despite being convicted for criminal offences.
bcci judgenew delhi (pti): justice f.m.i. kalifulla, who recently delivered a landmark judgment for carrying out reforms in the bcci, retired as a supreme court judge on friday.
cji t.s. thakur praised him, saying kalifulla had travelled across jammu and kashmir to ensure that the common man has access to justice.
pune bakerynew delhi: the supreme court on friday issued a notice to mirza himayat baig, an accused in the pune german bakery blast, on an appeal filed by the maharashtra government challenging his acquittal.
baig was earlier sentenced to death by a sessions court but the conviction was set aside by mumbai high court which acquitted him of the blast and conspiracy charges.
bansal bailnew delhi (pti): a delhi court has extended interim bail till august 3 to graft accused director-general corporate affairs b.k. bansal to attend the last rites of his wife and daughter, who allegedly committed suicide.
cop selectionvijayawada (pti): andhra pradesh police have brought in changes in recruitment of constables and sub-inspectors from this year by eliminating 5km run (2.
5km for women), preliminary qualifying test and reducing the number of physical evaluation tests from five to three.
the 5km run was eliminated as it often resulted in fatalities.
kohinoornew delhi (pti): the centre is likely to approach britain soon to get back the kohinoor that is now set in a royal crown on display in the tower of london.
the decision has been taken at a meeting attended by sushmaswaraj swaraj and mahesh sharma among others.
chief minister naveen patnaik and union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at a meeting with ambassadors and diplomats in delhi on thursday.
telegraph picture bhubaneswar, oct.
20: chief minister naveen patnaik today addressed ambassadors and high commissioners from more than 25 countries, including australia, canada, france, russia, taiwan, malaysia, norway, spain, italy, uae and saudi arabia, to draw foreign investment to the state.
the chief minister invited the participating ambassadors, high commissioners and senior members of the diplomatic corps to bhubaneswar, along with their business delegations, to take part in the make in odisha conclave being organised by the state in collaboration with the union government from november 30 to december 2.
odisha has received an encouraging response from the participating dignitaries, many of whom have expressed their desire to attend the conclave in bhubaneswar, along with their business delegations, and indicated that they will mobilise their corporate companies and business entities to invest in the state, said government officials present at the meet.
addressing the envoys, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj lauded the state government's initiatives and appreciated the industry-friendly ecosystem available in odisha.
officials also said sushmaswaraj threw light on the abundance of natural resources and availability of skilled labour in the state.
speaking on the sidelines of the meet, naveen said: we held very productive discussions today with the envoys.
we look forward to strengthening our trade and business relationship with various countries and emerge as the manufacturing hub of the east.
delivering his keynote address at the meet, the chief minister said odisha had strived hard to create vital social, economic and industrial infrastructure.
the state has undertaken crucial reforms in various sectors and improved governance, strengthened institutions and streamlined regulatory framework.
the state is leveraging technology in a big way and the integration of business approvals with ebiz platform and gis-based land information system, go-iplus (a gis-based industrial land use and infrastructure information system) has been undertaken to provide hassle-free business environment, he said.
naveen said the world bank in their business reforms report, 2015, had acknowledged the state's efforts for creating a conducive business environment with fast paced reforms and recognised odisha as an aspiring leader.
owing to a favourable business climate, odisha secured about $ 11 billion investment commitments during the make in india week held in february in mumbai and $13 billion at the bangalore investors' meet held in august.
odisha offers wide business opportunities in various mega investment regions, including petroleum, chemicals and petrochemicals investment in paradip, information technology investment region in bhubaneswar and the national investment manufacturing zone at kalinganagar, said naveen.
he urged the participating dignitaries from foreign missions to encourage companies and investors from their respective countries to explore odisha as an investment destination.
anita joshuathe blast-hit bombay bhel restaurant in ontario on fridaynew delhi: social media, one of the factors credited with helping narendra modi achieve critical mass in 2014, is turning out to be a ruthless blade that cuts both ways.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, displaying her usual digital alertness, tweeted about a blast in a restaurant named bombay bhel in ontario in canada on friday.
over a dozen people were injured, three of them critically.
there is a blast in indian restaurant bombay bhel in mississauga, ontario, canada.
i am in constant touch with our consul-general in toronto and (the) indian high commissioner in canada, sushmaswaraj tweeted on friday morning.
our missions will work round the clock.
the emergency number is: +1-647-668-4108.
please rt.
sushma may have been sticking to her brief, which is foreign affairs, but such nuances are usually not acknowledged in the take-no-prisoners world of social media.
some twitter users instantly called out her silence on the tuticorin police firing that killed 13 people this week.
there was mass shooting at our own citizens at tuticorin.
.
.
no tweets, no condolence, no help for them.
.
.
.
pm is busy in fitness challenge.
.
.
.
first save/feel sad for people living in your own country, one twitter user told the minister.
the foreign minister need not be held accountable on an internal issue but the tuticorin incident involves a company whose parent is headquartered abroad.
worse, the silence of the prime minister on tuticorin appears to have to tied sushma's hands in putting forward her case to the outraged tweeters.
a bus on fire in tuticorin on wednesday.
(reuters and pti)in the evening, sushmaswaraj updated her followers with another tweet: here is the latest update from canada.
the 12 persons who were taken to hospital have been discharged.
the other 3 persons who were critically injured are stable.
according to police, at this stage there is no evidence to term this incident as a terrorist attack or hate crime.
again, she had people seeking updates on the tamil nadu victims.
heard there's some terrorising attack on civilians by police, one tweet said.
except for union home minister rajnath singh, who on thursday mourned the loss of lives in the firing, everyone in the modi dispensation has been silent on tuticorin - their signature reaction to all uncomfortable events.
nor has the prime minister so far posted the video he had promised to upload about his fitness routine in response to cricketer virat kohli's fitness challenge.
part of the simplistic #humfittohdeshfit campaign, modi's acceptance of the challenge had drawn him bouquets along with brickbats, with opposition politicians demanding he first address the challenges facing the nation, from rising fuel prices to joblessness.
the plaque with atal bihari vajpayees name at the national media centre.
picture by prem singh new delhi, june 19: if a keener nose for publicity and communication put a bjp prime minister ahead of his election rival, the process seems to have been repeated again in new delhi this week.
aptly, it happened at the governments new communication hub, and was encapsulated in the parable of the pair of plaques.
one of the slabs, which says then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee laid the foundation stone for the national media centre 13 years ago, had lain forgotten in an empty room, resting against a wall at a corner of the floor.
since tuesday, it has been proudly adorning the swank glass-and-mortar buildings front wall.
the other plaque, declaring that manmohan singh and sonia gandhi inaugurated the centre on august 24 last year, is nowhere to be seen.
a fallout of government change?
the truth goes a little deeper and seems to hold a lesson for the congress.
the vajpayee plaques return indeed owes to the new governments alertness to opportunities for self-advertisement and communication, as partly evidenced by its leaders penchant for tweeting even minor developments.
but the disappearance of the other plaque seems to owe not a little to the congresss tendency to sometimes play catch-up in the publicity race.
sources said that information and broadcasting minister prakash javadekar spotted the vajpayee plaque during his first visit to the building on tuesday.
he ordered his babus to have it displayed prominently at the front of the building.
it was done within hours.
but what happened to the other plaque?
press information bureau director-general neelam kapoor claimed it was in the buildings lobby.
the plaque mentioning atal bihari vajpayees name was put up yesterday, kapoor told the telegraph on wednesday.
when the building was being constructed, it was kept aside safely.
now both the plaques are there.
the one with details of the inauguration is inside the building in the lobby area.
but when this correspondent went to the lobby to check, the plaque wasnt there.
officials at the media centre said the manmohan-sonia plaque was a portable one  a metal plate on a pedestal  and had been in the lobby till sometime after the inauguration.
later, it was shifted somewhere  nobody was certain exactly where.
manish tewari, the previous i&b minister, used to come here for media briefings but he never bothered about the plaque.
so, the officials did not take it seriously, either, a senior press information bureau official said.
he added: we have been planning to find a suitable spot where it can be embedded in a wall but somehow that never happened.
javadekar, on the other hand, noticed the foundation-stone plaque during his first visit .
since he did not say anything about the inauguration plaque, nothing was done about that.
the plaque on the front wall mentions that vajpayee laid the foundation stone on december 5, 2001, in the presence of colleagues l.k. advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj, ananth kumar and ramesh bais.
the rs 60-crore centre, standing on 1.
95 acres of prime land in lutyens delhi, is equipped with state-of-the-art technology to meet the requirements of the international and indian media.
but in this age of instant communication from devices that fit into ones palm, it has been struggling to draw the expected press corps footfall.
new delhi, dec.
25: india will next week signal to south korea its willingness to buy seouls nuclear reactors if talks with other nations fail, a move that will help new delhi pressure american companies unconvinced about a controversial liability law ahead of us president barack obamas visit.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will fly to seoul this weekend for annual talks on monday with her south korean counterpart yun byung-se that are expected to focus on enhancing trade ties and nudging the east asian nation to invest in smart cities in india.
but nuclear trade will form a key element of their larger conversation about economic relations, and yun is expected to iterate an offer south korea has made previously: a readiness to sell india reactors without conditions many other nations have placed.
sushma, senior officials said, is expected to indicate that india which till now has been coy about south koreas offer  will seriously explore the proposal, at a time nuclear talks between new delhi and washington remain stuck over the liability law.
there has been no breakthrough on the nuclear talks with the us, and i dont see why we shouldnt keep our options open, a senior indian official familiar with nuclear talks told the telegraph.
and the south korean option increasingly appears a good option.
during prime minister narendra modis visit to washington in september, india and the us had decided to set up a panel of experts  called a contact group  that would meet to try and resolve differences that have held up the implementation of their landmark 2008 nuclear deal.
the contact group met for two days on december 16-17 here but failed to arrive at even a timeline to resolve the differences, which revolve around indias nuclear liability law which american firms have dubbed draconian and loaded against suppliers.
the expert panel is scheduled to meet early next month in a desperate bid to demonstrate some progress on the deadlock by the time obama lands as chief guest for the republic day on january 26.
but indian officials concede that the next meet of the india-us panel may not yield any tangible breakthrough either, and that new delhi is increasingly exploring other options to import reactors.
south korea features prominently as an option because unlike the us and many other nations, seoul has not opposed the liability law.
china is a second nation that has unconditionally offered reactors but its tense history with india makes it a less preferable vendor than south korea.
sushma is not expected to seal any nuclear deal with south korea during her visit next week, officials said.
but even serious talks about seoul's proposal will, the officials said, send a message india wants the us to hear: new delhi wants american reactors, but will manage just fine without them.
visa regime indore, oct.
23 (pti): the centre today said it was planning to further relax the visa regime shortly to attract more tourists and businesses to the country.
in november 2014, the government launched the e-visa scheme for over 100 countries.
it was extended to 37 more countries this year, taking the total number to 150.
aiims faculty new delhi (pti): the governing body of the all india institute of medical sciences has cleared a proposal to increase the retirement age of its teaching faculty from 65 to 67 years.
the proposal will need the cabinet's approval .
crash claim new delhi (pti): a delhi motor accident tribunal has awarded about rs 3 crore as compensation to the family of a man who was killed along with his minor daughter in an accident in 2007.
the complainant had said a rashly driven haryana roadways bus had collided with the victim's car after crossing the road's divider.
fatal potion tirunelveli (pti): a siddha doctor and three of his patients have died after drinking a herbal concoction for diabetes in tamil nadu's tirunelveli.
police said the doctor drank the potion to prove its efficacy and then gave it to the patients.
jumbo data thiruvananthapuram (pti): over 390 captive elephants in kerala are being kept without valid ownership certificates by temple managements and individuals.
the figures were given by the state forest department in response to an rti inquiry by a thrissur-based animal campaigner.
ganga rap new delhi (pti): the national green tribunal has said ill-planning and unscientific approach by the authorities concerned have led to the chaotic condition of the ganga.
the tribunal had asked the uttar pradesh pollution control board to inform it whether industries on a particular stretch of the river bank had permission to operate.
new delhi, july 2: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs goodwill visit to dhaka has compelled the bjps assam unit to dilute its stand on the land boundary agreement.
before the elections and even immediately after the modi government took over, the bjps assam unit had adopted a hard stand on the agreement.
however, the rhetoric seemed to have disappeared after an 18-member bjp delegation from assam called on swaraj today.
the minister told us that india will not lose any land, gauhati mp bijoya chakravarty told reporters after a meeting with swaraj.
it is the assam government that has been spreading misinformation, she said, switching track to chief minister tarun gogois recent remarks on the nda governments proposal on visa relaxation for bangladeshis.
gogoi had said he was not in favour of visa-free entry for bangladeshis, a line usually adopted by the bjp.
with the bjp in government at the centre, the partys state unit might be compelled to toe the line modi would take.
instead of the strident opposition to ratification of the land boundary agreement, the state bjp members today highlighted other issues the party is identified with.
they said the foreign minister had raised the issue of illegal immigrants with bangladesh authorities.
the delegation, led by chakravarty and sports minister sarbananda sonowal, spoke to swaraj after her return from a three-day goodwill visit to dhaka.
the group included six of the seven bjp mps from assam.
indias stand on the agreement with bangladesh has not changed, swaraj is understood to have told the delegation, indicating that the modi government will honour the commitment by ratifying the agreement in parliament.
the centres stand dilutes the position of the assam bjp, which had opposed the ratification tooth and nail.
it was because of the assam unit that the bjp had acted ambivalently in parliament when former external affairs minister salman khurshid tried to introduce the constitution (119th amendment) bill last year.
this year, too, the bjp had only tacitly supported the introduction of the bill amid noisy scenes by trinamul congress and the lone agp mp in rajya sabha.
india needs to ratify the agreement, whose process was commenced in september 2011 when prime minister manmohan singh visited dhaka.
assams bjp unit had taken a hard line on demarcation of the lathitila-dumabari sector in assam, based on fears that india will lose land.
chakravarty and sonowal today iterated that india would not lose land, a point the upa government had repeatedly tried to make.
if the agreement is implemented, india will receive 2,777 acres of land and transfer 2,267 acres to bangladesh after adjustment of adverse possessions.
adverse possessions are lands along the border belonging to one country but in possession of the other.
the government has, however, iterated that exchange of enclaves and adverse possessions denotes only a notional exchange of land.
enclaves are virtual islands of one country deep inside the territory of the neighbouring country.
exchange of enclaves will widen the chickens neck, a sliver of land that connects the northeast with the rest of india.
new delhi, aug.
india has since independence never owned property in mecca that it could use as a residential complex for the over six lakh indian pilgrims visiting islams holiest site each year.
the indian pilgrims are forced to rent cramped and often poorly maintained accommodation.
sushmas proposal comes at a time controversial comments from more stridently pro-hindutva sections of the bjp and its ideological fountainhead, the rss, have triggered unease within the muslim community.
the plan is in keeping with what appears an effort by the foreign minister to carve out an image for herself as one of the more tolerant faces within the government.
if this happens, its a really good move and will help poor pilgrims, zafaryab jilani, member of the all india muslim personal law board, said.
sushma swaraj clearly appears someone who will not take anti-muslim positions, and that is good.
a total of 136,000 indian pilgrims will leave for the haj annual pilgrimage that begins later this month, and over 500,000 others travel to mecca each year for a journey known as the umrah  possible any time other than during the haj month.
pilgrims travelling for either the haj or the umrah stay in hotels and guest houses, sometimes in tents if the numbers of pilgrims from across the world exceed the available accommodation.
sushmas plan revolves around wakf property belonging to the former junagadh state that joined india after a brief tussle between india and pakistan.
junagadh, according to little-known archival material with the foreign ministry, owned four buildings or rubats in mecca.
although junagadh and all its property legally merged with india, records suggest new delhi did not stake claim to the rubats in 1947, officials said.
these buildings appear to have passed into saudi arabias control.
the idea is to locate the rubats and diplomatically examine whether the property they are on can be retaken by india, said an official who was present at the meeting where sushmaswaraj made the proposal.
the buildings may not even be standing any more but depending on their state, these can either be refurbished or demolished and rebuilt.
the proposal comes amid a chorus of comments from senior sangh parivar leaders that have aroused concerns within the muslim community.
sangh chief mohan bhagwat and goa chief minister manohar parrikar have in recent days suggested that all indians have hindu roots.
sushma, though, has been trying to distance herself from any charges of anti-minority bias.
last month, when some parliamentarians accused the narendra modi government of reacting slowly to the plight of indian nurses who were abducted in iraq, and questioned whether their religion  christianity  was a factor behind the delayed response, sushmaswaraj replied promptly.
i am waiting for them (to return) like a mother waits for her children.
sections within the foreign ministry have also been keen for several months now to shed the haj portfolio from their already excessive workload  indias foreign service cadre is smaller than tiny singapores.
haj preparations are viewed by many diplomats as little more than a cumbersome management exercise with little hard diplomacy involved.
the minority affairs ministry, this section of indias foreign policy establishment argues, can handle the concerns of pilgrims better.
security forces keep a watch near the site where an iaf helicopter mi-17 crashed in budgam in jammu and kashmir on february 27.
ptithe pakistan governments official radio channel, radio pakistan, in a bulletin said turkey has categorically announced to stand by pakistan and its people in the face of indian aggression.
pakistan media claimed that the turkish foreign minister mevlt avusoglu called his pakistani counterpart shah mehmood qureshi to express the sentiments of ankara.
for the indian side, france has expressed support on the indian action in balakot in pakistans khyber-pakhtunkhwa on tuesday.
in a statement shared by the twitter handle of indian embassy in france it said: france recognises indias legitimacy to ensure its security against cross-border terrorism.
it also condemned the attack on indian security forces in pulwama on february 14.
the statement further said that france called on india and pakistan to exercise restraint and avert any risk of military escalation.
with the situation between india and pakistan further escalating, with both sides claiming to down fighter jets of the other, several countries have reminded the two nuclear nations to show restraint.
china, a known ally of pakistan, has repeated its message of exercising restraint.
indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is currently in china attending the 16th russia-india-china foreign ministers' meeting in wuzhen.
earlier today, chinas foreign minister mentioned that beijing hoped that the two neighbours would conduct a dialogue and establish facts through investigation and try to keep things under control.
in a statement issued in washington on tuesday, us secretary of state mike pompeo said he had spoken separately to ministers of both countries and urged them to avoid escalation at any cost.
pompeo added that he encouraged both ministers to prioritise direct communication.
the same evening, australian foreign minister marise payne also urged the two countries to avoid any action which would endanger peace and security in the region.
three countries, australia, france and the us, called on pakistan to put an end to the terrorist or extremist groups that operate from its territory.
mansukh mandaviya after taking the oath as minister on tuesday.
(rajesh kumar) new delhi, july 5: the shiv sena sulked and threatened to boycott the programme but relented after it was assured it would be given the ministries it desired in the impending maharashtra shuffle.
barring minor snafus, narendra modi's second cabinet expansion since 2014 was projected by the bjp and government as a milestone of sorts, combining his penchant for the four es - expertise, experience, education and energy - with bjp president amit shah's skills in social engineering, bearing the rss imprint.
a junior minister, prakash javadekar, was promoted to cabinet rank while 19 ministers of state - 17 from the bjp and one each from allies apna dal and republican party of india (a) - were sworn in at rashtrapati bhavan.
five ministers of state including nihalchand, who faces a rape charge, and ram shankar katheria, caught in a fake mark-sheet row, resigned.
the seating order at ashoka hall mirrored the power dynamics: shah sat next to modi and behind them in the second row, ramlal, the bjp general secretary (organisation) and the party's formal link with the sangh, made it a point to thrust his face in the main frame.
new minister anupriya patel arrives at south block on tuesday.
picture by rajesh kumar a few ministers of state with independent charge, fervently looking to be elevated as cabinet ministers, looked glum.
sushma swaraj, the external affairs minister, was a conspicuous absentee at rashtrapati bhavan.
but she tweeted early in the day: media: please avoid the headline: 'sushma skips oath ceremony'.
she had to keep a bilateral engagement with the hungarian foreign minister.
that the modi regime and the bjp had invested political capital in an exercise most governments consider quotidian became apparent in a note unofficially circulated late on monday to mediapersons.
the note claimed: the selection framework clearly laid out by the prime minister was to bring in doers and performers who would deliver on his vision of development and good governance and to further his central priority of ' gaon' (village), 'gareeb' (poor) and ' kisan' (farmer).
it said the expansion came after an exhaustive vetting and selection process to find the best talent.
.
.
.
this marks a firm departure from the usual routine of frequent changes based on caste, religion and other time-serving political considerations and is a firm endorsement of the brand of developmental politics that the prime minister champions.
among the talents the note showcased were m.j. akbar, a veteran editor and internationally acclaimed journalist, subhash bhamre, a doctor with a super specialisation in cancer surgery, and anil dave, who had reportedly published several books in hindi and was active in narmada river conservation.
it pointedly mentioned that anupriya patel had graduated from delhi's lady shri ram college and then acquired an mba degree and that c.r. chaudhary had studied rural development at birmingham university.
bjp sources admitted the stress on education was a consequence of the flak heaped on the government over the induction of smriti irani and the dust-up over modi's own academic qualifications.
however, a key part of the process was shah's obsession with balancing caste equations.
ramdas athawale, a mahar dalit from maharashtra like b.r. ambedkar, was offered a ministry because the bjp needs dalit votes to fight the sena in the mumbai civic polls.
vinay sahasrabuddhe lost out to bhamre because shah felt maharashtra's brahmins were over-represented.
sadanand gowda saved his job by virtue of belonging to the gowda caste that holds the balance of power in karnataka with the lingayats.
new delhi, july 7: the bjp caved in to pressure from karnatakas powerful lingayat lobby and is set to install jagadish shettar as the states third chief minister in four years.
shettar, a lingayat, will replace the incumbent, d.v. sadananda gowda.
a formal announcement is expected in the next two days.
but the bjp parliamentary board  the top policy and decision-making apparatus  summoned sadananda to new delhi this evening to formally intimate him that his innings was over.
sadananda called on l.k. advani at his residence along with senior karnataka minister, suresh kumar.
a part of the bjps core committee, including sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, was present at the meeting.
sadananda will call on bjp chief nitin gadkari tomorrow after he returns to delhi.
a formal decision will be taken after the meeting, jaitley told reporters.
till the end, advani and sushmaswaraj  backed by general secretary ananth kumar and veterans murli manohar joshi and shanta kumar  argued against upsetting the existing order.
they were for sadanandas continuance because they contended that shettars installation would straightaway be construed as a victory for former chief minister b.s. yeddyurappa.
advani, sushmaswaraj , joshi and kumar were against yeddyurappa.
but gadkari, supported by jaitley and the rss, felt that in the run-up to the karnataka polls --- due next may --- it was politically expedient to salvage the votes of the lingayats who form the bjps spine or prepare for a rout.
advani and the others allowed themselves to be persuaded that it was more important to save the party in the only southern state where it has a strong presence than go down as a footnote in karnatakas history.
off the record, few in the bjp thought shettars prospective anointment could retrieve the partys graph.
karnatakas gone out of our grasp no matter what caste arithmetic we work out, a state mp said.
however, others said the only silver lining was that the congress had not yet got its act together and if it did stage a recovery it would be by default and not by design.
karnatakas other political entity, the janata dal (secular), has a presence only in a few districts that yield enough seats to make it a factor if an election throws up a fractured verdict.
it is uncertain if sadananda will be accommodated in an alternate position in the party.
the caste to which he belongs, the vokkaligas, is not a core bjp constituency.
the vokkaligas, who come a close second to the lingayats in karnatakas caste matrix in terms of their political, economic and social clout, were traditionally with h.d. deve gowda.
sources said the fact that sadananda has not faced a direct election in the recent past  he is a member of the legislative council  was evidence of his lack of a mass base.
these factors, sources added, made him electorally inconsequential.
sadananda, a former loyalist of yeddyurappa, moved away from his mentor within months of taking over from him.
he was reportedly pumped up by yeddyurappas detractors in delhi to work towards emerging as a parallel power centre and challenge the former chief minister.
delhi s designs worked till the time yeddyurappa realised that his clout was being undermined.
he figured out that if he could not come back as chief minister unless he was cleared of corruption charges, it was practical to let another lingayat take the place.
yeddyurappa was under pressure from the lingayat clergy and opinion-makers to not stand in shettars way, a source said.
vandana sharma campaigns at jind in haryana on saturday.
picture by ramakant kushwaha safidon (central haryana), oct.
12: vandana sharma looks like a younger version of her vip sister but its the prime minister who is on her lips.
modi is bjp, bjp is modi, she says, not a trace of doubt in her voice.
vandana might be a first-time contestant but she is not just another challenger in the heat and dust of the haryana elections.
she is the younger sister of sushmaswaraj swaraj, the countrys external affairs minister.
but its narendra modi, she insists, who is the ever-present star.
which explains her reply when asked why the bjps campaign in the lead-up to wednesdays vote has revolved around the prime minister.
it underscored the extent to which even a candidate like vandana, directly related to one of the bjps top leaders, is dependent on the modi magic to pull through.
narendra modi and sushmaswaraj swaraj vandana, who has short hair, wears glasses and was dressed in a sari and jacket, looks a younger version of sushma.
but if sushmaswaraj , known for her powerful oratory, hasnt spoken much on the campaign trail, vandana, who is contesting from safidon assembly segment, hasnt missed any opportunity to hail modi.
people of haryana love modiji .
he is very popular, she says.
like other bjp candidates, the reference to modi dominates her campaign too.
she appears to have even picked up a few tips from modis speeches.
vote for me and you have laddoos in both your hands.
big sister in delhi and the younger one here to serve you, she tells voters, almost echoing modi when the bjp mascot had addressed a rally in calcutta ahead of the lok sabha elections earlier this year.
at the february rally at the brigade parade grounds, modi had said bengal would have laddoos in both hands if he became prime minister, pointing out that the state had already seen change with mamata banerjee as chief minister.
vandana, a phd in political science and a former college principal, took voluntary retirement in 2010.
after assisting sushmaswaraj in her elections, she is now herself in the field from safidon, a backward region in the jat heartland of haryana, tucked in between panipat and jind.
but her elder sister has been of little help, though haryana happens to be her home state.
modi has eclipsed all other senior leaders in the party.
sushma has so far campaigned only for a day in her sisters constituency and addressed some meetings for other candidates.
last friday she was in safidon, not to campaign but to address a meeting of the partys booth-level cadres.
it was intended to buck up the cadres to work for her outsider sister.
even bjp workers see vandana as an outsider, though haryana is her home state too.
she had nothing to do with safidon before the elections.
she came here only after she was made a candidate, says a bjp worker, adding that it wouldnt be easy for her.
vandana, however, has no doubts.
i am the number one, she says, pointing out that she was getting a huge response.
asked whether the sushmaswaraj connection was helping her, vandana credits her older sibling.
people of haryana love sushmaji, she says.
according to them, i resemble her and this is a great help.
the laddoo metaphor followed.
it shows she is learning fast  trying to cash in on her family link with sushmaswaraj to attract the electorate.
the bjp cadres, too, have been spreading the word that vandana, given her family connection, stands a chance of being made the chief minister if the party wrests the state from the congresss b.s. hooda.
if not, then surely an important cabinet minister.
these things help in attracting voters as they want a powerful person who can get things done, says a bjp leader.
despite her star-candidate status, vandana has been finding the going tough in the region known to be the stronghold of the chautalas.
vandana is banking on the substantial brahmin votes in safidon, hoping the jat votes split between om prakash chautalas indian national lok dal (inld) and one congress rebel who is contesting as an independent.
her candidature has also led to allegations of double standards against modi, who has been urging the people of haryana to put an end to dynastic politics represented by the hoodas and the chautalas.
what is vandana sharma but dynasty, says nirmal sandhu, an inld leader in safidon.
modi should stop fooling the people.
bjp workers refer to hindu tradition to deny the charge.
once a girl is married, she belongs to her husbands family, says party leader hareram shashtri.
so, it would be wrong to say that vanadanaji is from sushmaswaraj swarajs family.
music lesson amar singh, ever hopeful of making a comeback to politics in the event of a fractured verdict in the next general elections, is leaving no stone unturned to make his voice heard.
the other day, the former gen-sec of the samajwadi party threw a lavish party in sridevis honour.
the kapoor clan, media moghuls and eminent businessmen attended the event but not the a-team, which used to feature prominently in the bashes thrown by singh.
unsurprisingly, singh was heard saying that he did not miss the leader of the a-team, amitabh bachchan, one bit.
in a candid interview, singh directed more missiles at big b and his family.
he allegedly said that he is yet to come across someone who has managed to maintain close ties with the bachchans for a long time.
he even quoted amitabh saying that jaya considered her rajya sabha seat as jewellery, and believed that the bachchan tag was enough to earn her the status of being indian cinemas first lady.
other unkind cuts followed.
apparently, at a time when everyone was praising amitabhs performance after black was released, jaya is believed to have said that she had done a better job in koshish years ago.
when amitabh was asked to respond to singhs tirade, the actor sought to underplay the situation and said that he still views singh as a friend.
singh, however, is having none of it.
he retorted with a couple of lines from a memorable song in gumrah  woh afsaana jissay anjaam tak lana na ho mumkin, ussay ik khoobsoorat mor day kar chorna achaa.
one wonders whether such lyrics will prove to be music to amitabhs ears.
left alone uma bharti, the mercurial sadhvi, remains without too many followers not just in the real world but also in cyberspace.
this, in spite of her efforts to drum up support for people ranging from the chief minister of gujarat to controversial figures like asaram bapu.
worse, not too many people are following her tweets from within the bharatiya janata party parivar either.
be it, narendra modi, rajnath singh or sushmaswaraj swaraj, none who is someone in the bjp has, so far, shown an interest in reading bhartis tweets on the micro-blogging site.
but perhaps the cruellest blow has come from the cm of madhya pradesh who has chosen not to take notice of bhartis antics on twitter.
taking cue from shivraj singh chauhan, state ministers like gopal bhargava and kailash vijayvargiya, too, have decided to cold shoulder the sadhvi.
clearly, bharti needs to do something else to grab attention on cyberspace.
perhaps amar singh  another leader battling political exile  ought to help her in this respect.
wrong address andhra pradesh is all set to be split.
the state congress, it seems, is headed in a similar direction.
congress leaders from seemandhra  the non-telangana areas  staged a dharna near the statue of mahatma gandhi inside parliament the other day.
ministers and mps from seemandhra extended their support to the agitation.
the leaders, many of whom were carrying placards with slogans written on them, were heard shouting jai samaikyandhra in the course of the agitation.
expectedly, the stir caught the attention of leaders of the opposition.
one of them wondered whether it would have been a better idea for the agitators to take their case not to the mahatma but to the madam for redressal.
mad rush as the lok sabha polls draw near, the search for safe seats intensifies in every political camp.
arun jaitley, who may contest the elections this time, has zeroed in on a number of options  amritsar, new delhi and jaipur.
unfortunately for jaitley, these prized seats are also being eyed by other contenders.
navjyot singh sidhu has threatened that if jaitley is fielded from amritsar, he may switch sides and take him on.
new delhi is high on jaitleys list as well.
there are whispers that he has patched up with vijay goel to brighten his chances, but here too, jaitley has run into trouble in the form of sushmaswaraj swaraj who is said to be keen on shifting base from vidisha to the capital.
that, some are saying, leaves jaitley with jaipur, all the more so because he enjoys harmonious ties with vasundhara raje scindia.
the battle for safe seats has deepened in the congress as well because several leaders  mohammad azharuddin, raj babbar, and so on  are keen on changing seats.
both the bjp and the congress are in danger of witnessing more bad blood being spilled given their leaders scramble for safe seats.
footnotenew name beni ii has been censured by the congress high command after he tried to shift the blame of the horrific train accident in bihar on nitish kumars shoulders.
beni ii is none other than adhir ranjan chowdhury, the minister of state in the railways ministry.
after the high command disapproved of chowdhurys comments  sources say that both sonia and rahul gandhi took note of his utterances after kumar described the moss comments as foolish  a section of the party decided to christen the junior railways minister beni ii.
this is because chowdhury seems to be following in the steps of the steel minister, beni prasad verma, who is in the habit of embarrassing the party regularly by shooting from the mouth.
given chowdhurys skills, wouldnt it be better if he is called diggy ii instead?
new delhi, june 15: bjp president amit shah will meet shiv sena chief uddhav thackeray on sunday to sort out differences between the allies over the presidential polls and other issues, and venkaiah naidu today reached out to opposition and nda leaders, eyeing an overwhelming majority for the ruling combine's candidate.
shah is scheduled to leave for maharashtra on a three-day visit on friday.
during his stay, he will meet thackeray, bjp sources said.
the sena and the bjp have sparred over various issues related to the maharashtra government.
the sena is part of the bjp-led government in maharashtra.
the sena, also a partner in the central government and one of the oldest allies of the bjp, has threatened to take an independent stand on the presidential election.
in a bid to put the bjp in an awkward situation, the sena has proposed the name of rss chief mohan bhagwat for the president's post.
during his meeting with thackeray, shah will try to win over the sena and secure its support for the bjp's presidential nominee, the sources said.
we will try to address the grievances of the shiv sena and hope they vote with us in the presidential polls, but we are not going to be dictated by them, a bjp leader said.
apart from attempting to break the opposition unity over the elections, the bjp wants to ensure that the nda flock remains together.
although the bjp has the numbers to get its candidate elected, it wants to win with an overwhelming majority, the sources said.
venkaiah, one of the three senior bjp leaders appointed by shah to hold talks with various parties for the polls, spoke to ncp chief sharad pawar and nda partner and tdp boss chandrababu naidu.
chandrababu iterated that he would support a presidential candidate of narendra modi's choice.
the sources said the three bjp leaders appointed to evolve a consensus would meet pawar again in new delhi next week.
venkaiah is scheduled to meet congress chief sonia gandhi and cpm general secretary sitaram yechury tomorrow.
the names of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan have emerged as the top contenders to succeed president pranab mukherjee, who will retire next month.
sushma's name also figures in the list proposed by the rss.
given her rapport with leaders across party lines, many in the bjp believe sushma's possible candidature would be able to break the opposition unity.
sushma is said to be keen to take up the presidential assignment, given her health problems.
even the congress and the left parties will find it difficult to oppose sushmaji.
other opposition parties like the trinamul congress, jdu, ncp and the bjd will happily support her candidature, a bjp leader said.
the bjp leadership is likely to announce the name of its candidate next week and the nomination will be filed before prime minister modi leaves for the us on june 24, the sources said.
the last date for filing of nominations is june 28.
disgruntled bjp parliamentarian shatrughan sinha, however, continued to root for sidelined veteran l.k. advani for the top constitutional post.
today too, shatrughan posted a series of tweets and said advani was best suited for the post.
every top leader within or outside the party accepts his suitability for the prestigious presidential post from the inner core of his heart, shatrughan tweeted.
the bjp sources, however, discounted advani, 89, pointing out that age was not on his side.
shatrughan contested this and claimed advani was more energetic and healthy than any youth leader.
john kerry at iit delhi on wednesday.
(pti) new delhi, aug.
31: india needs to protect the right to protest without fear of reprisal or arrest, us secretary of state john kerry said today in a gentle cautionary message over a crackdown on non-profit groups and violence in kashmir that has left washington concerned.
kerry's comments, made to students and faculty at the indian institute of technology, delhi, evoked memories for many of president barack obama's message of tolerance to new delhi during his visit in january last year.
the top american diplomat was scheduled to depart wednesday evening, but will now stay in new delhi till friday to directly join obama in hangzhou, china for the g20 summit over the weekend, state department deputy spokesperson mark toner said here.
he was earlier not expected to attend the g20 meet.
kerry, who yesterday co-chaired the india-us strategic and commercial dialogue with indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, had to call off planned visits to a temple, mosque and gurdwara in cramped old delhi because of heavy rains.
but the visits to those shrines may now be incorporated into his schedule over the next two days, american officials said, clarifying that his itinerary in new delhi was still being drawn up.
kerry, whose plan to visit the shrines was seen as a subtle reminder of the pluralistic india the us wants to do business with, today carefully linked new delhi's worries over terrorism with the need for religious tolerance and the freedom to protest without fear.
the united states and india have to keep faith in our democratic values and hold fast to the freedoms that define our countries, kerry said, explaining how the two countries needed to combat the scourge of extremism.
we have to respect rights of all our citizens, regardless of ethnicity, language, creed, in order to allow them to express their views, and to allow them to protest in peace, without fear of reprisal, retribution, without fear of being jailed for something they say.
the us state department, which kerry heads, had last week articulated discomfiture with sedition charges levelled against non-profit group amnesty international in bangalore after some participants in an event on the recent kashmir violence raised azadi (freedom) slogans.
slogans seeking azadi from india are not uncommon in kashmir, and often reflect broader discontent with new delhi.
the rss student wing, the akhil bharatiya vidyarthi parishad, had led protests against amnesty.
we obviously, as we do around the world, support the right to freedom of expression and assembly, including through civil society, state department deputy spokesperson mark toner had said.
kerry's remarks were likely also a reference to kashmir, where more than 60 people have died in clashes between security forces and protesters since the killing of hizbul mujahideen militant burhan wani last month, one american official said.
toner's boss, state department spokesperson john kirby, had last month said the us was concerned by the violence, and would encourage all sides to make efforts towards finding a peaceful solution.
kerry also referred to the need to foster tolerance, echoing the words of obama from january 2015.
we have to build the bridges of tolerance, acceptance, compassion and mutual understanding between every religion and sect, kerry said.
the state department had earlier this month in an annual report on international religious freedom articulated concerns over violence perpetrated by cow protection groups.
religiously motivated communal violence, including attacks by hindus on muslims due to alleged cow slaughter, led to deadly attacks and public rioting, the report said.
obama, on the last day of his visit in 2015 as republic day chief guest, had cautioned india against getting splintered on religious lines.
india will succeed so long as it is not splintered along the lines of religious faith, so long as it's not splintered along any lines, and is unified as one nation, obama had told an audience at siri fort auditorium, after contending that the ability to look beyond differences in religion or tribe was a quality most important for india.
kerry, in his address at the iit, credited prime minister narendra modi for a series of economic reforms that he said would further bolster trade ties between india and the us.
he also lavished praise on india's growing role globally, and its achievements.
a lot of people thought it would be impossible for india to send a spacecraft to mars, kerry said.
but the beauty of india and the us is our history of making the impossible a reality.
kerry also dwelt on climate change and said the us hoped india was successful in transitioning from a coal dependent economy to one that relies more on clean fuels.
if all it is is coal, we are all in trouble, he said.
he backed india's emergence as a net security provider in the indian ocean.
the top american diplomat also acknowledged that the us had made mistakes, especially in its military campaigns, before referring to the iraq war while also pointing out that no other country had conquered as much territory as the us and then returned it.
some (of america's military mistakes) have been beauties, he said.
but his most scathing comment was on the capital's waterlogged roads, following a steady downpour through the morning, that delayed kerry's arrival to the iit by an hour and led to miles-long traffic snarls.
you guys all deserve an award for being able to get here today, kerry told his audience.
i don't know if you guys came in boats or amphibious vehicles.
sushma new delhi, dec.
29: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today offered india's help to indonesia in the search for the missing airasia flight that disappeared off radars on sunday morning with 162 people on board.
sushma, in seoul for meetings with south korea's leadership, wrote to her indonesian counterpart retno marsudi this morning saying she shares the anguish and anxiety of so many indonesian citizens and others.
india is ready to assist your agencies in any way possible, she wrote in her letter.
the airbus a320-200 was carrying 155 passengers - 149 indonesians, three south koreans, one malaysian, one briton and one singaporean - and seven crew members.
the crew included six indonesians and one french national.
the flight, airasia flight qz8501, disappeared over the java sea early morning on sunday, minutes after the pilot had requested air traffic controllers for permission to tweak the plane's altitude to avoid approaching thunderstorms.
indonesia is leading the search for the plane, being carried out by 12 ships, several dozen smaller dinghies and military aircraft.
australia and singapore too have sent military planes that are participating in the search.
india has placed three navy ships on standby, foreign ministry officials said, ready to join the hunt for the missing plane, if indonesia seeks help.
but india's assistance may prove useful only if the plane flew well off course, over the java sea - where it is widely believed to have crashed - and towards the southern edges of the andaman sea, officials said.
the plane was carrying fuel to fly up to four hours and a half, which could theoretically carry it just over the andaman sea after take-off from surabaya.
that's when we really can offer help, an official said.
india's help, in such a situation, would be two-fold.
first, indian ships could lead the search in the southern andaman sea.
second - and even more critically - india could scan its military flight radars stationed on the andaman and nicobar islands for signatures of the missing plane.
but both those options really open up only if there's any hint that the plane may have strayed that far, the official said.
india had earlier sent ships and military planes to search for the malaysia airlines flight mh-370 that disappeared in march, with 239 people on board.
that plane, flying from kuala lumpur to beijing, remains untraced though a multi-nation search over months has pinpointed, by elimination, the southern indian ocean as the flight's likeliest resting spot.
new delhi, june 18: india on wednesday indicated it is contemplating a free-trade agreement with the eurasian economic union of russia and former soviet union states proposed by russian president vladimir putin, a move that would trigger alarm bells in washington.
russia and india today agreed to set up a joint study group to evaluate the feasibility of the free-trade agreement, after a four-hour meeting between foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and russian deputy prime minister dmitry rogozin here.
the proposed pact would make india among the first nations to embrace the eurasian union  formally called the customs union of russia, belarus and kazakhstan  that moscow views as an economic counter to the european union.
the pulls on ukraine from the west, keen to get the nation into the european union, on the one hand and from russia to yank into the eurasian union  are widely viewed as a key factor that led to the crisis in that nation earlier this year.
russia, belarus and kazakhstan are the three founding members of the eurasian union established less than a month back, but armenia, kyrgyzstan and tajikistan have said they too are interested in joining the group.
vietnam and new zealand are the two nations that  prior to india  have begun to negotiate free trade agreements with the eurasian union.
sushma, in her meeting with rogozin, also articulated indias concerns over russia selling fighter planes to pakistan, foreign ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin hinted.
rogozin will on thursday meet prime minister manmohan singh and defence minister arun jaitley.
our special correspondentmodi in the rajya sabha on monday.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendra modi's three-nation four-day tour of west asia, including palestine, from friday will see him lay the foundation stone of a temple in the uae and also visit the 200-year-old shiv mandir in oman besides engage with gulf ceos and have talks with the three governments.
the tour to ramalla via amman will be the high point as modi will be the first indian prime minister to visit palestine.
external affairs ministry officials, however, particularly flagged the significance of temples being allowed in islamic countries.
while oman has had a temple for two centuries, the uae will build its first one in a reflection of the commitment of its government to tolerance and diversity, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
the uae government agreed to build the temple during modi's last visit to the emirates in 2015.
the temple - according to mehul kumar, joint secretary (gulf) in the external affairs ministry - has been a long-standing demand of the indian community in the uae.
modi will lay the foundation through a video link during an interaction with the indian community.
the temple is to come up in an area between abu dhabi and dubai, kumar said.
according to the official, details about the structure, the deities and the funding are issues that the indian community has to work out with the uae government.
our job was to make the request.
.
.
to the uae government on behalf of the indian people, kumar said.
in oman, prime minister modi will visit the shiv temple and the sultan qaboos grand mosque besides hold official talks with the government.
the palestine visit is the logical conclusion to the government's decision to de-hyphenate india's engagement with the area by pursuing relations with tel aviv and ramalla independent of each other.
the visit to oman and the uae is being projected as an outreach to the extended neighbourhood that comes on the back of the india-asean commemorative summit in delhi last month and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's three-day visit to saudi arabia from tuesday.
new delhi, sept.
10: bjp veterans l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi are pitching for a sinecure, after being kept out of the cabinet, parliamentary positions and party posts.
sources said the duo were looking to be named the president of the indian council of cultural relations (iccr), which draws its cachet as a nodal cultural body to project indias soft power globally.
but narendra modi is not keen on either and has turned down overtures made by a joshi pleader, the sources said, adding the prime ministers own choice was a younger person who combined some political experience with a background and working knowledge of culture.
topping the chart of such contenders who could potentially fit the bill is kirron kher, the bjps chandigarh mp and bollywoods reigning mom.
the sources said her spouse anupam kher was rooting for her.
kirron, who was spoken to earlier when the buzz first gained currency, denied the speculation.
nothing of that sort, she had asserted.
kirrons name has also done the rounds as the next censor board chief.
the growing buzz over the iccr role now suggests she could be a contender for both assignments.
the advani camp, though, is still clutching on to hope.
a source close to him claimed that sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is seen as his protege and is expected to have a say in the appointment as foreign minister, was keen on the veteran helming the iccr, although there was no confirmation from sushmaswaraj or her aides.
modi and the prime ministers office will be the final arbiter, a sushmaswaraj aide stressed.
her ministry has administrative jurisdiction over the council.
the choice of the (iccr) president will be critical in establishing a pattern in which appointments to headless bodies, particularly those dealing with education and culture, are made, an opposition mp said.
advani votaries in the bjp adduced familiar arguments of how he was still in the pink of health and, therefore, ready to take on responsibility and how he deserved a post in keeping with his age and stature.
if the congress could give this post to one of its most senior mps, then advaniji surely merits consideration, a source said, referring to karan singh who was iccr president for 10 years of the upas rule.
his term ended last month.
the iccr president is appointed for three years but the tenure can be extended.
the post carries perks similar to that of a cabinet minister.
under protocol, the incumbent can attend official receptions and ceremonies hosted for visiting dignitaries  a ritual advani cant partake of now unless personally invited to such an event.
arnab gangulychandigarh: standing a few feet from the mosul hostages' coffins, junior foreign minister v.k. singh on monday scoffed at their families' demand for compensation and jobs saying the matter wasn't about the distribution of biscuits.
this is not a game of football, the former army chief known for his controversial remarks added, addressing a news conference on the tarmac of amritsar airport.
singh had just arrived from iraq with the coffins of 38 of the 39 indians killed in mosul.
as the caskets were being unloaded, reporters had asked him about the demands from the bereaved families, held at bay outside the terminal.
yeh biscuit baantne wala kaam nahin hai, yeh admiyon ki zindagi ka sawal hai, aa gayi baat samajh mein (this is about human lives, not the distribution of biscuits, understand)?
singh shot back.
how can i make an announcement now?
i haven't a magic box in my pocket.
he added that most of the victims had gone to iraq illegally with the help of touts, and advised the families to focus on the last rites rather than get involved in unnecessary politics.
singh has in the past been accused of insensitivity in the context of human tragedy.
after two dalit children were burnt alive in haryana in 2015, he had dismissed criticism of the government, saying: if someone throws stones at a dog, the government is not responsible.
the same year, criticised for suggesting that visiting the pakistani high commission was more exciting than evacuating people from war-torn yemen, he had called the media presstitutes.
the hostages' families had already accused the government of insensitivity, alleging foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had needlessly kept their hopes up since the 2014 abductions by suggesting without evidence that their loved ones were alive.
on monday, they left with the coffins without reacting to singh's comments, but were unhappy at instructions not to open the caskets.
singh told reporters: toxins had been used at the site where the bodies were buried.
the remains might emit gases that can be dangerous.
he said: both the state and the centre have sensitive governments.
the external affairs ministry had asked the families for details of their members who can be given jobs, etc.
we will review.
singh later left for patna and calcutta to hand over the remains of seven victims from bihar and bengal.
the bodies of the 31 from punjab and himachal were handed over at amritsar.
one unidentified body is still in iraq and might belong to the 39th victim, who was from bihar.
our special correspondentwarm welcome: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj shakes hands with guyanan counterpartcarl b. greenidge in new delhi on tuesday.
(pti)new delhi: india and nepal have reached out to each other over the past few days to mend fences at a time when new delhi apprehends that the new left coalition government in kathmandu will cosy up further to china that has been increasing its footprint there.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit kathmandu on thursday and is expected to meet the political leaders of that country as it awaits the swearing-in of the government following elections to all three levels - local bodies, provincial assemblies and the parliament.
on republic day, k.p. sharma oli, the head of the communist party of nepal (united marxist-leninist) who is tipped to be the next premier, wrote to prime minister narendra modi, expressing eagerness to work together.
sushma's visit and oli's letter appear to be the result of quiet diplomacy to put the relationship back on track after the big-brotherly attitude of india, particularly in tom-tomming the relief provided in the wake of the devastating 2015 earthquake and the fuel blockade on nepal, rankled the people of the himalayan nation.
india and israel were born as independent nations within nine months of each other in 1947 and 1948, respectively.
partition was a common feature of their creation as modern nation states.
on may 14, 1948, david ben-gurion, the head of the jewish agency, proclaimed the establishment of the state of israel and joined the united nations.
the american president, harry s. truman, recognized the new nation on the same day.
the us had supported the balfour declaration of 1917 which called for the establishment of a jewish national home in palestine.
but until may 1948, britain, the colonial power responsible for the mandate of palestine, opposed both the creation of a jewish state and an arab state in palestine.
arab and muslim countries were never reconciled to the jewish state in the heart of arab lands and it had to struggle for recognition from the international community.
arguing for a composite country, wherein palestinian arabs and the jewish people would live together in a secular nation, india had voted against the united nations partition plan for palestine.
india's decision was overruled by a majority vote approving the creation of israel and palestine as two independent states.
(the partition plan got a two-thirds majority: the vote was 33 for and 13 against, with 10 nations - including the united kingdom - abstaining.
) eventually, on september 17 1950, india officially recognized the state of israel, even though india established diplomatic relations with israel only in 1992.
it was a congress prime minister, p.v. narasimha rao, who approved the diplomatic opening to israel, while it is true that under bharatiya janata party-led governments, ties have received an extra fillip.
israel maintained a consulate in mumbai which became the conduit for official exchanges and helped members of the indian jewish community to migrate to israel.
destiny and the cycle of history have brought india and israel closer today than ever before.
israel has come a long way, leaving behind the complicated history of its creation and the turbulent years that followed that saw several arab-israeli wars.
india, too, has discarded the baggage of history and the apprehension of vote-bank sensitive indian politicians seems to have receded, even as the national interests of india and israel have converged over the decades.
the burgeoning ties with israel have not prevented india from reiterating its public support for palestine and exhorting both sides to negotiate a peaceful settlement based on a two-state solution and secure borders.
currently, israel is not under pressure on the palestinian issue.
nor does it see a full-fledged palestinian state as conducive to its long-term security interests.
some issues, like the status of jerusalem and the return of refugees, cannot be solved, given the rigid positions on both sides.
the current israeli government led by prime minister benjamin netanyahu is in no mood for a compromise.
with the west asian region torn apart by civil wars and the rise of the islamic state, international attention has been deflected from the palestinian issue.
israel is under minimal international pressure to reach a compromise with the palestinians.
donald trump will be aggressively pro-israel.
the palestinians are also hopelessly divided between the palestinian authority in the west bank and the hamas in gaza.
the turmoil in the region and the acute rivalry between iran and saudi arabia have forced a convergence of interests between saudi arabia and israel.
hence, arab hostility towards israel has mitigated somewhat as geostrategic competition among regional powers has grown.
the visit of the israeli president, reuven rivlin, to india last november marked the maturing of india-israel ties.
india's external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, visited israel in january 2016.
narendra modi is likely to undertake a historic first visit by an indian prime minister to israel when the two countries celebrate 25 years of diplomatic ties.
israel has never wavered in its conviction since the era of ben-gurion that india and israel would ultimately be close friends.
ben-gurion and jawaharlal nehru exchanged correspondence regularly.
recognizing that india's support would be crucial to win the endorsement of other nations, as the process of de-colonization gathered momentum and new independent states emerged in asia and africa, israel worked overtime to convince a sceptical india to recognize the fledgling jewish state.
the israeli leadership even roped in albert einstein, arguably the most famous member of the global jewish community, to persuade nehru.
but einstein could not convince nehru, despite the latter's deep admiration for the great scientist.
the growing reality today is that india-israel ties have expanded steadily, encompassing sensitive areas like high-technology products, defence equipment, security, intelligence, agriculture, water management, pharmaceuticals and so on.
joint production and development of key defence items has emerged as an important domain of cooperation.
israel is today the third largest source of key defence equipment for india.
israel has doggedly pursued its courting of india over the years, particularly when india needed critical defence supplies during conflicts with pakistan when other supplies were not available quickly.
while india has reciprocated, it has tried to keep these growing ties off the radar.
the reasons remain the same - its ties with arab and islamic countries.
there are, however, continuing worries about the stalled free trade agreement, the supply of israeli armament to china and boorish behaviour by some israeli tourists in india.
however, bilateral ties are no longer hostage to relations with other countries.
ties with israel have broad bipartisan support in indian politics.
india's dilemma becomes more acute when israel cracks down on the palestinians.
israel's iron-fist approach to palestinian violence and the confiscation of their lands promote sympathy in india and generate anti-israel feelings among indian muslims.
strangely, indian muslims remain silent when hindus are persecuted in pakistan and bangladesh.
closer ties with israel have gone hand in hand with closer ties with iran and the arab countries in the gulf.
regular high-level visits led to the decision to invite the crown prince of the united arab emirates as the chief guest on republic day in 2017.
modi sought out and met netanyahu during his visits abroad for multilateral meetings.
india will pursue closer ties with arab/islamic countries and with israel.
there is no pressure on india to make this choice.
presidential visits have occurred, an israeli prime minister has visited india, but no indian prime minister has visited israel.
the stage is set for modi to visit israel and break the jinx.
our special correspondentivanka with modi in hyderabad on tuesday.
(pti)new delhi: the congress has taken strong objection to narendra modi travelling to hyderabad to host ivanka trump, saying he had belittled the office of prime minister.
former union minister anand sharma said in surat on wednesday: we are surprised that india has a prime minister who has belittled his office yesterday (tuesday) by being in attendance for ivanka trump as it is not for the prime minister of india to host at the falaknuma palace of the nizam of hyderabad.
he is the prime minister and he must not forget that.
it was the job of the chief minister of andhra pradesh or maximum, one of his ministers.
sharma added: now that shows he is seeking certificates either from dubious rating agencies or he has got a certificate yesterday (tuesday) from ivanka trump.
modi has to be in the frame and news.
modi not only met ivanka, daughter of us president donald trump, on the sidelines of the global entrepreneurship summit but also hosted a dinner for her.
in delhi, congress spokesperson deepender hooda alleged modi had ignored protocol for photo opportunities.
we welcome ivanka trump.
we must treat our guests well.
but modi ignored the protocol and hosted a dinner for the american delegation.
she is not the head of state.
modi could have given a private lunch or dinner in delhi.
there is a question of nation's dignity and protocol.
every country follows it.
but modi crosses all boundaries for photo opportunities.
ivanka is also an adviser to the american president.
the prime minister or the president hosting an official dinner for an adviser to a head of state is unheard of.
hooda said foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or andhra pradesh chief minister chandrababu naidu could have hosted ivanka but the prime minister's visit to hyderabad for the purpose raised several questions of propriety and protocol.
meenakshi lekhi, shashi tharoor, swapan dasgupta new delhi, march 14: india has sent three parliamentarians for a conference of legislators in pakistan, the latest sign of efforts by both countries to test the prospects of fresh peace talks after a year of high tension that brought the countries to the verge of military confrontation.
meenakshi lekhi of the bjp, shashi tharoor of the congress and presidential nominee swapan dasgupta are in islamabad for a four-day conference to discuss the creation of an asian parliament.
the indian foreign office has in public downplayed a series of overtures the south asian neighbours have made to each other in recent weeks.
but the go-ahead from the government for the mps to visit pakistan comes at a time officials on both sides of the border conceded expectations of nascent efforts at kick-starting a limited dialogue even as the neighbours bicker over differences.
the emphatic victory of the bjp in uttar pradesh, led by prime minister narendra modi, is expected to offer him fresh domestic legitimacy to attempt negotiations with pakistan.
in islamabad, prime minister nawaz sharif stands a year away from national elections and pakistani officials argue their government wants to showcase progress in ties with india by then.
but the slow-burning move towards a thaw that india and pakistan appear to have undertaken also captures lessons the modi government has learned from its own past attempts at talks with pakistan.
unlike 2014, when modi hosted sharif during his inauguration, or 2015, when the indian prime minister flew into lahore on his counterpart's birthday for a tarmac embrace, new delhi is more circumspect in preparing for any talks, officials said.
i do not see the connection that you are making between the various dots that you see, foreign ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said last week, when asked whether multiple goodwill gestures between the two nations were pointers of fresh talks.
the asian parliamentary assembly, for which the three indian mps are in islamabad, has representation from 30 member states, and india has regularly participated in the past too.
but the meeting in islamabad follows boycotts over the past two years by each side of previous legislative forums hosted by the other.
in 2015, india boycotted a commonwealth parliamentary forum meet in islamabad after pakistan refused to invite the jammu and kashmir assembly speaker - speakers of all other indian state assemblies had been invited.
in january this year, pakistan boycotted a meeting of south asian parliamentary speakers hosted by india in bhopal.
the attendance by indian parliamentarians is only the latest sign of a shift in bilateral relations - the consequence, in part, of attempts by both nations to appear conciliatory to the new donald trump administration in the us.
the pathankot terror attack in january 2016 and the uri attack in september ripped apart hopes of peace talks the two sides committed to when modi flew into lahore in december 2015.
india also blamed pakistan for fomenting violence against the security forces in kashmir last summer.
islamabad in turn accused new delhi of human rights violations in kashmir.
officials of the two nations publicly traded charges almost daily and bickered openly at the un.
the two countries expelled each other's diplomats, and days after the uri terror attack, india conducted surgical strikes against terrorist bases across the line of control.
pakistan's defence minister cited his country's nuclear arsenal, and his then indian counterpart manohar parrikar responded to the thinly veiled threat by suggesting that india revise its no first use policy with nuclear weapons.
but starting november, the public messaging between the neighbours changed.
when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was hospitalised, sharif wished her a speedy recovery.
his de facto foreign minister sartaj aziz sent sushmaswaraj flowers.
and modi wished sharif on his birthday.
pakistan then facilitated the return of an indian solider who had accidentally strayed across the line of control.
india in turn helped reunite a pakistani boy - who had illegally been brought to india by his father - with his mother.
each side thanked the other for these humanitarian gestures.
india also helped sponsor the karachi literary festival for the first time.
pakistan placed hafiz saeed, mastermind of the 2008 mumbai terror attacks, under house arrest last month, and india last week repatriated two pakistani youth who it had earlier accused of assisting the pathankot attackers.
after the uri attack, modi had told key aides to suspend meetings of the indus water commission that meets annually to monitor the flow of water between the countries, till pakistan blocks terrorism into india.
but india has accepted an invitation from pakistan to join a meeting of the indus commission in islamabad this month.
new delhi, june 23: two arms of narendra modis government were tonight locked in conflict over plans to relax visa norms for bangladeshi visitors, slicing through the image of a sleek, no-nonsense officialdom that the new government has tried to portray.
the home ministry, headed by rajnath singh, today rejected a proposal for visas-on-arrival for select bangladeshi citizens, two days before foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj flies to dhaka on her maiden foreign trip.
north block (home ministry) officials also said they had rejected a second proposal  allowing entry without visas to bangladeshi citizens aged below 18 and above 65  which south block (the foreign ministry) denies it ever made.
it is this second proposal that assam chief minister tarun gogoi too claimed the foreign ministry had made at an inter-ministerial meeting chaired by foreign secretary sujatha singh on june 11.
we want to clarify that no such decision has been taken, nor is any such proposal under consideration, foreign ministry spokesperson syed akbaruddin had told the telegraph last weekend.
foreign ministry sources have said the june 11 meeting had discussed the visa-on-arrival proposal but the minutes, sent to assam and other stakeholders, mistakenly referred to visa-free entry.
according to the home ministry, the foreign ministry listed three proposals on bangladesh for it to vet.
the third  long-term multiple-entry visas for bangladeshi nationals below 18 and above 65  is acceptable to the home ministry.
we rejected two of the proposals and sent our opinion to the ministry of external affairs today, a home ministry official said.
home ministry sources said the foreign ministry had last week sent a note listing three proposals to the states bordering bangladesh and union ministries such as home and power, seeking their opinion whether these could be included in the talks during swarajs bangladesh trip.
although the note is said to have been for internal discussion, gogoi went public with the proposals and said he was against a visa-free regime for bangladeshis.
by saying this, gogoi seemed to have made a political point in a climate where an ascendant bjp was making an issue of illegal immigration of bangladeshis into assam.
elections in assam are scheduled in 2016.
home ministry sources blamed the foreign ministry for the situation.
this was an internal discussion within the government; why did the foreign ministry have to send it to the assam government?
a source said.
in any case, such a note should have been forwarded through the home ministry.
the home ministry is the nodal ministry for centre-state relations and implements the visa regime through its foreigners division.
foreign ministry officials accused the home ministry of sniping at our heels.
(if) they want to do it, its fine, an upset south block official said.
weve made the facts known, and we thought things would be different with this new government.
but bureaucrats appear determined to continue with their old ways.
issues relating to visas have often seen the two ministries at loggerheads.
in 2010, the home ministry had sat for six months on three chinese journalists visa applications, embarrassing the foreign ministry, which had forwarded them for security clearance.
gogoi, replying to criticism from the state bjp, today said he had done nothing wrong by revealing the visa-free proposal.
in a media statement, he said his government was strongly opposed to the proposal since illegal immigration from bangladesh was a sensitive issue in assam and the other northeastern states.
the people of the state have the right to know about such a sensitive issue, and i would be failing in my duty if i do not place the matter before them, he said.
the visa relaxation proposals, foreign ministry officials said, are rooted in a upa government plan.
in january last year, then home minister sushil kumar shinde and his bangladeshi counterpart muhiuddin khan alamgir had signed a revised travel agreement to relax certain visa norms.
meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma inaugurates the passport seva kendra at lower lachumiere in shillong on friday in the presence of deputy chief minister in-charge, home, rowell lyngdoh, officials from the union ministry of external affairs and others.
telegraph picture shillong, nov.
14: union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today termed the northeast as strategically a very important region sharing borders with neighbouring countries and stressed the need to build infrastructure in the region right up to the border areas and improve connectivity to promote trade and investment.
trade and economic exchanges as well as people-to-people contact with the countries neighbouring the region are proposed to be promoted under the look east policy.
the union minister also said speedier issuance of passport would help the governments objectives and enable citizens to go abroad for education, employment, tourism and cultural exchanges and provide people-to-people contact.
she also said india accounts for 14 per cent of passport issuance and is the third largest passport-issuing country after china and the us.
considering there are 5.
7 crore indian passport holders, issuance of one crore passports in 2014 is of great significance from the point of view of public services delivered by the government.
she said setting up of psks in arunachal pradesh, manipur, nagaland and sikkim was in progress and should be operational by early 2015.
according to the minister, the governments plan is to improve passport services, including bettering the police verification system, integration of missions and posts abroad, besides setting up 16 more psks with special emphasis on the northeast, introduction of new generation e-passport in 2015-16 and procurement of high capacity passport printers.
meghalaya chief minister mukul sangma, who inaugurated the passport seva kendra, said the office would greatly benefit the people of the state, as they need to travel to the regional passport office in guwahati to avail of the facility.
talking about the northeast and the neighbouring countries, sangma said the region is key to fostering ties and connecting india with south east asia and according to him, the look east policy has been the most important foreign policy to accelerate economic benefits.
he also said strong advances have been made towards establishing closer ties with neighbouring countries like thailand, myanmar, vietnam, bangladesh and bhutan.
sangma also pointed out the lack of infrastructure and inadequate investments.
like any other state in the region, meghalaya, too, is facing the disadvantages of remoteness.
the state has to generate not only internal trade with the other states in the region and the country as a whole but should also look at the prospect of external trade with neighbouring south asian nations, he said.
stating that openness to trade can attract investments and adoption of new technologies can increase productivity in the region, sangma said both india and bangladesh have approved the setting of four more border haats.
sangma also said much more is required to be done to improve connectivity in respect of railways, road, inland waterways, and air connectivity to further boost trade and investment since lack of infrastructure and connectivity with neighbouring countries has lowered the volume of trade.
deputy chief minister in-charge home (passport) rowell lyngdoh, ministers, mps, legislators and government officials were present at the function.
soldiers stand guard outside the uri army base on monday, a day after the attack.
(pti) new delhi, sept.
19: the non-aligned movement has revived a distinction between terrorism and the fight for self-determination, dealing a blow to india which helped found the grouping but whose prime minister and foreign minister skipped its just-concluded summit for the first time.
formed in 1961 as a response to the cold war between the us and the soviet union, at a time the anti-colonial movement was still at its peak, nam has traditionally espoused the right to self-determination.
but pakistan's use of the phrase to justify militancy in kashmir has in recent years prompted india to try to limit the differentiation internationally between terrorists and militants claiming to fight for self-determination.
india's attempts yielded some success at the last nam summit in tehran in 2012, when the grouping clubbed self-determination with the obligation of countries not to interfere in other nations' internal affairs.
but at the conclusion of its venezuela summit early today, the 120-member grouping resurrected a 76-word paragraph on the right to self-determination in its declaration, far above a similar section on terrorism, in what some officials told the telegraph represented a setback.
the order of placement of the various decisions taken at international meetings is usually indicative of their priority for the grouping.
they stressed the inalienable right of all peoples, including those of non-self-governing territories, as well as those of territories under foreign occupation or under colonial or foreign domination, to self-determination, the venezuela declaration said.
in the case of peoples who are subject to foreign occupation and colonial or foreign domination, the exercise of self-determination remains valid and essential to securing the eradication of all those situations and ensuring the universal respect of human rights and fundamental freedoms.
nam, in its declaration, did condemn terrorist acts in all their forms and manifestations, whatever their motivations, wherever and by whomsoever they are committed, as it has in previous summits.
it also threw its weight behind the comprehensive convention against international terrorism (ccit), which india has tried to convince the un to adopt for two decades, as it had done in the past.
but the grouping's revival of the distinction between self-determination and terrorism has weakened india's demand that the ccit draw no distinction between freedom fighters and terrorists.
pakistan has argued for such a distinction under the ccit.
the latest nam declaration has triggered a fresh debate within the foreign policy establishment whether the government had erred in not sending either prime minister narendra modi or foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to the summit.
only one previous prime minister - charan singh in 1979 - had skipped a summit of nam, which india's first prime minister, jawaharlal nehru, had founded along with ghana's kwame nkrumah, yugoslavia's josef broz tito, egypt's gamal abdel nasser and indonesia's sukarno.
but no indian foreign minister had ever before skipped the summit, not even in 1979.
india's delegation this time was led by vice-president hamid ansari, but the senior-most member of the political executive in the team was junior foreign minister m.j. akbar.
nam, from its inception, has been a political movement driven by the executives of member countries.
pakistan's delegation, led by de-facto foreign minister sartaj aziz, claimed success in convincing nam to agree to the distinction between the struggle for self-determination and terrorism.
india indicated on wednesday that the agreement on the kartarpur corridor did not add up to a thaw and criticised pakistani prime minister imran khan for uttering the k-word at the foundation-stone ceremony for the peace path.
happy that pakistan had agreed to this longstanding indian demand, she said: but that doesnt mean the bilateral dialogue will start only on this.
reaffirming indias position that terror and talks cannot got together, she told the media that the moment pakistan stops terrorist activity in india, dialogue can start.
sushma ruled out indias participation in the saarc summit, which is yet to be scheduled but is to be held in pakistan as the 19th meeting, slated there for 2016, is still pending.
pakistan foreign office spokesperson mohammad faisal had on tuesday said that islamabad would invite prime minister narendra modi to the summit.
the biennial summit in islamabad could not be held in 2016 after india pulled out in protest against the terrorist attack on an army camp in uri.
once india backed out, bangladesh, bhutan and afghanistan followed its example, stalling the process indefinitely.
india and pakistan recently announced that the kartarpur corridor would be opened to allow sikh pilgrims to visit the gurdwara darbar sahib, the resting place of guru nanak, for his 550th birth anniversary next year.
before sunset on wednesday, fresh controversy had broken out.
india objected to imran bringing up kashmir in his speech.
we have one issue, which is kashmir.
humans have reached the moon.
which issue cant be solved?
cannot we solve one issue?
we only need determined leadership on both sides.
there is no issue which cannot be resolved, he said.
indias foreign ministry accused imran of politicising a religious occasion.
it is deeply regrettable that the prime minister of pakistan chose to politicise the pious occasion meant to realise the long-pending demand of the sikh community to develop kartarpur corridor by making unwarranted reference to jammu and kashmir which is an integral and inalienable part of india, the ministry spokesperson said.
pakistan is reminded that it must fulfil its international obligations and take effective and credible action to stop providing shelter and all kind of support to cross-border terrorism from territories under its control.
credited with doing in three months what could not be done in 71 years, imran had attributed the achievement to political will.
he urged india to free itself from a past that held the two countries hostage and sought to allay fears that the pakistani army might sabotage his peace effort.
all of us  our politicians, the army and our institutions  are on one page on this, he said.
imran reaffirmed what he had said in his first address to the nation after winning the general election in may.
you take one step, we will take two, he said in the presence of the army chief, qamar jawed bajwa.
the event at the gurdwara darbar sahib had sought to showcase pakistan as the country envisioned by its founder, mohammed ali jinnah, in his much discussed but largely ignored august 11, 1947, speech.
you are free to go to your temples or to any other place of worship in this state of pakistan.
you may belong to any religion or caste or creed  that has nothing to do with the business of the state, jinnah had said.
both harsimrat and punjab minister navjot singh sidhu spoke at the event, and had to be politely cut short for paucity of time.
it was the cricketer turned congress politician who was the star of the afternoon, however, with the pakistanis lauding sidhus role in the opening of the kartarpur corridor.
the trip being a pilgrimage too for the two ministers, they got emotional while addressing the gathering, which included many indian sikhs who are in pakistan for guru nanaks birth anniversary celebrations.
both harsimrat and sidhu thanked imran for making the pilgrimage possible.
but before they had left pakistan, india officially responded to imrans kashmir reference.
new delhi also cited photographs showing the pro-khalistan secretary-general of pakistans sikh gurdwara prabandhak committee, gopal singh chawla, with the army chief at the event to accuse islamabad of duplicity.
the rajgir international convention centre the student count in nalanda university is increasing with each passing week.
one student arrived at rajgir on sunday morning.
two more are slated to join on monday.
a source said four others would take admission shortly.
the interviews for the admission to nalanda university would be over by the end of this month.
dean, academic planning, anjana sharma seemed delighted over the blend of students coming from diverse backgrounds.
pawani, the girl who joined us this (sunday) morning, holds a btech degree and hails from andhra pradesh.
she has opted for the school of historical studies.
another girl from new delhi, who would be joining on monday, has also opted for historical studies.
a boy hailing from imphal, also scheduled to join the university on monday, would study in the school of ecology and environment studies, she said.
the classes for the first batch of students at nalanda university started from september 1 at rajgir international convention centre, around 110km southeast of patna.
three students from the school of historical studies and eight from the school of ecology and environment studies were present when external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj formally inaugurated the varsity on friday.
there are 20 seats in each school and over half of them are vacant.
the dean is not at all flustered over the vacant seats.
most renowned institutions start with comparatively fewer students.
for instance, delhi school of economics started (in 1949) with only 10 students.
our emphasis while selecting students is not on numbers but on the potential of students, sharma said.
the process of admission started on may 19.
faculty update the dean of school of historical studies, aditya malik, would join in the third week of october.
he is currently a fellow at the max-weber-centre for advanced social science research (erfurt in germany) and associate director of the new zealand india research institute.
pankaj mohan, a professor at academy of korean studies is expected to join the school of historical studies in november.
mess ready a full-fledged canteen has started functioning at hotel tathagat vihar, the makeshift hostel of nalanda university.
the administrative head of nalanda university, sridhar v.k., said: students and teachers are being served three meals a day from the first week of september.
the telegraph had reported in its september 1, 2014 edition that the mess would be ready in the first week of september.
putin new delhi, dec.
3: india has quietly called off a date between prime minister narendra modi and russian president vladimir putin in kudankulam next week amid friction over a nuclear plant there that the two nations had planned to showcase as a marquee symbol of their time-tested ties.
modi had told putin in july he wanted to host him at kudankulam, home to india's largest currently operational nuclear plant, apart from new delhi when the russian president visits for the annual bilateral summit dialogue between the two nations.
but the premature failure late october of a turbine powering one of the two russian-supplied reactors at the plant has instead triggered diplomatic tension and killed the proposed trip by putin to the town, senior officials from both nations confirmed to the telegraph.
the visit was meant to demonstrate a project that symbolises india-russia friendship and cooperation, a russian official said.
right now, it is a symbol of what can go wrong in our relationship.
putin will arrive in new delhi next week for summit talks with modi at a time moscow has demonstrated that it is preparing for the possibility of an india-us global axis emerging amid the growing warmth between the indian prime minister and us president barack obama.
the russian president's visit may now last just a single day - during which he may address parliament, currently in session.
russia inked a first-ever defence cooperation pact with pakistan, almost coinciding with the decision by obama to visit new delhi as chief guest on republic day this coming january.
for most in india's strategic establishment, russia remains the country's most trusted partner among the world's major nations.
moscow stood by india against western sanctions when new delhi tested nuclear weapons in 1974 and 1998.
russian technological expertise in the decades after india gained independence was crucial to the success of many public sector initiatives taken by new delhi.
for russia too, india has proved a valuable ally - both during the cold war-era tensions between the soviet union and china, and in its attempts through the past century to position itself as a counter-weight to the us.
india continues to oppose sanctions imposed by the us and the european union against russia over its annexation of crimea earlier this year.
that decades-long bonhomie was visible when modi and putin met in fortaleza, brazil, this july on the margins of the brazil-russia-india-china-south africa summit there.
 aap100 crore se zyada humare logon se poocho, ki kaun hamara sabse nazdeek dost hain, to har vyakti, har bachcha jaanta hain kirussia hai(if you ask anyone among the more than one billion people living in india who is our country's greatest friend, every person, every child knows that it is russia), modi told putin,according to a transcript of their conversation released by the kremlin and confirmed by the indian foreign office.
at that meeting, modi had invited putin to visit kudankulam.
i think that your visit there would be an excellent symbol of our cooperation, modi told the russian president, asking him to extend his trip to india from the usual, single-day summit the two nations hold.
but a combination of indian moves that left russia unhappy and concerns raised by the department of atomic energy (dae) about the kudankulam reactors have injected tension into the ties since that july meeting.
moscow, always sensitive to any new delhi-washington warmth, was left suspicious and uneasy late august when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pulled out of a trilateral dialogue with her veteran russian counterpart sergei lavrov and chinese foreign minister wang yi a day before the three were to meet in beijing.
the timing of sushma's pullout - on the eve of modi's visit to japan and weeks ahead of his trip to the us - triggered concerns in russia that the move may have been a signal to both washington and moscow, locked in their most bitter diplomatic spat since the end of the cold war.
a visit by putin to kudankulam would still have suited both india and russia.
it would have enabled new delhi to ease moscow's concerns.
for putin a photo opportunity with modi, symbolising cooperation in nuclear energy, would have served as a reminder to washington of the strength of russia's traditional ties with india.
the us is yet to set up a nuclear reactor in india despite their landmark 2008 nuclear deal - because of differences over india's liability law.
russia, in contrast, earlier this year agreed in a pact to india's nuclear liability law.
but in late october, the turbine servicing kudankulam-i - one of the two russian-supplied reactors - failed after working for just 4,701 hours.
the turbine, also provided by russia, was required to work for 10,000 hours at the least.
officials of the nuclear power corporation of india limited had to shut the reactor down, as the dae wrote to the foreign office complaining about the premature failure of the turbine and demanding that russia replace it.
moscow rushed nikolay spasskiy, deputy ceo of rosatom, russia's state-owned nuclear giant, to mumbai for meetings with dae secretary r.k. sinha on november 6.
rosatom, officials said, agreed to replace the faulty turbine at no extra cost to india.
but kudankulam-i remains shut while engineers examine any other damage the failed turbine may have caused to the reactor and india waits for the replacement turbine.
we're waiting - and so will president putin, to visit the site, an indian official said.
we'll have to find some other symbol of our ties for this trip of his.
new delhi, oct.
20: narendra modi may have wowed nepal in august but a recent chinese attempt to woo kathmandu has triggered unease in indias strategic establishment, betraying a dilemma that has long marked new delhis neighbourhood foreign policy.
india has quietly prodded nepal for details of plans for a possible visit by chinese president xi jinping to kathmandu next year at a time the modi government is trying to demonstrate a new commitment to the himalayan nation, officials have told the telegraph.
the nudge  gentle, no more  on china underscores indias discomfort when its neighbours try strengthening ties with beijing, even though delhi itself champions a foreign policy rooted in cold war-era principles of non-alignment.
we have no problems if nepal or any of our other neighbours builds relations with any other nation as long as these do not impact our national security, an official said.
and as friendly neighbours, i dont see why we cant ask each other about our strategic plans.
india communicated its concerns on the margins of a meeting today between nepals visiting foreign minister, mahendra bahadur pandey, and indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
pandey also met modi and invited him to next months kathmandu summit of the south asian association for regional cooperation.
india is the next saarc chair.
the two nations will tomorrow sign a power trading agreement in kathmandu.
that pact was finalised during modis visit to nepal in the first week of august, which was widely acknowledged as path-breaking because of the prime ministers ability to connect with nepals political class and citizenry.
but it is another meeting that pandey recently held that triggered concerns among sections in south block.
pandey met chinese foreign minister wang yi in new york on the margins of the united nations general assembly, and declared afterwards that xi would likely visit nepal in 2015.
while chinas number two leaders, their premiers  from zhou enlai in 1957 to wen jiabao in 2012  have often visited nepal, no chinese president has.
chinas outreach to nepal comes at a time india is warming up to some of beijings neighbours.
vietnam, economically as dependent on china as nepal is on india, has been trying to shift some of its trade to india.
its prime minister, nguyen tan dung, will visit india early next week, just a month after president pranab mukherjee travelled to vietnam.
nguyen phu trong, the general secretary of vietnams communist party, visited india late last year.
its possible that china is trying to send a message to us, another official said.
thats fine  we just want to be sure were on the same page as nepal.
new delhi, feb.
10: under pressure in the nido tania case, the northeast mps forum (nempf) today wrote to prime minister manmohan singh to set up a judicial commission and call an all-party meeting to discuss an anti-racial discrimination bill.
with crimes against northeast youths turning into a political issue, the centre is likely to call an all-party meeting tomorrow, sources said.
the union home ministry is also contemplating action against delhi police.
the post-mortem report of nido tania, 19, has revealed that he died of severe head and lung injuries, police told delhi high court today.
the police said the three persons arrested in the case earlier and charged with assault will now face murder charges.
the court also asked the centre to give draft guidelines to the police by tomorrow to ensure safety of people from the northeast living in new delhi.
groups of students and ngos protesting in the tania case and against the rape of a minor girl from manipur on saturday came down heavily on the mps for not raising their voices.
rejecting the union home ministrys committee of retired bureaucrats to address problems of northeasterners in cities, they insisted on an anti-racial discrimination legislation.
the 39 mps of the forum have, belatedly though, pushed for the agenda set by the protesters and politicians from the northeast are rushing to delhi.
manipur chief minister okram ibobi singh spent time with the 14-year-old victim who was allegedly dragged over a hundred metres before being brutally raped.
singh told the telegraph that he was in favour of an anti-racism law.
call an all-party meeting to discuss ways and means of introducing and enacting the bill, said one of the resolutions adopted by the nempf in a meeting on saturday and included in the letter sent to the prime minister today.
while the union home ministry has argued that a separate legislation may not be necessary if amendment to existing laws is possible, the bjp has apparently got one step ahead to virtually oppose racial discrimination.
nepram was accompanied by student leaders, tripura king pradyot manikya debbarma and olympian boxer shiva thapa, who hails from assam.
the group rejected the bjps argument and said the anti-racism law was not just for people from the northeast but also for dealing with discrimination of people from the north in south india or the other way round and against non-locals in the northeast.
applicants at the passport camp in jrd tata sports complex in jamshedpur on saturday.
picture by bhola prasad jamshedpur, aug.
20: the city is likely to get a passport seva kendra - a long-pending demand of citizens living in this part of the state - by next year, local mp bidyut baran mahto said today.
mahto, who formally inaugurated a two-day passport seva camp at jrd tata sports complex in the city, said he had met union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on july 28 to demand a passport seva kendra in jamshedpur.
she said that jamshedpur was among the 100 cities across the country that were being considered by her ministry for setting up passport seva kendras.
she also said that the everything would be finalised and passport centres would become operational in 2017, the mp added.
records available with the ranchi regional passport office suggest east singhbhum alone accounts for 30 per cent of around 1,00,000 applicants received on an average every year from across jharkhand.
currently, people living in jamshedpur and other parts of kolhan division - comprising three districts of east singhbhum, seraikela-kharsawan and west singhbhum - need travel all the way to ranchi for verification of documents and biometric identification for getting the passport.
jamshedpur is an industrial city with a host of corporate houses.
a large number of youths from the city travel abroad for various purposes.
the city desperately needs a passport service centre.
with a positive assurance from the union minister, we are hopeful that the centre will be a reality soon, added mahto.
ranchi regional passport officer sanatan srivastava agreed that the proposed passport seva kendra would spare people of east singhbhum and neighbouring districts the hassle of travelling to ranchi for the purpose.
the matter is under active consideration of the union ministry, he added.
everything, from recording biometric details and verifying documents to clearing applications, will be done at the local passport seva kendra.
once cleared by the local office, the regional centre will issue the passports within a week.
so, for all practical purposes, residents will have to visit the passport seva kendra in the city, instead of going to the office, srivastava said.
around 400 applications have been received for the two-day passport camp.
on the first day, there are 225 appointments while the remaining 175 applicants have been asked to visit the camp tomorrow, said another passport official.
in this friday, february 15, 2019 file photo, indian muslims burn posters of pakistani prime minister imran khan (center) and jaish-e-mohammed leader masood azhar, during a protest against thursday's attack on a paramilitary convoy in kashmir, in mumbai, india.
apa pakistani lawmaker from prime minister imran khans party has met top indian leaders, including prime minister narendra modi, as islamabad started backdoor contacts with new delhi to defuse tensions between the two sides in the wake of the pulwama terror attack.
the ruling pakistan tehreek-e-insaf leader ramesh kumar vankwani met prime minister modi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state for external affairs general v.k. singh.
i met sushmaswaraj swarajji and i told her that issues between the two countries can only be resolved through talks, vankwani told pti on sunday.
he said he told swaraj that pakistan did not want any tension with india.
pakistan has never allowed anyone to use its soil to spread terror and would never allow it in the future too, i assure you.
we do not want tension with india.
let peace prevail, vankwani told swaraj.
he said at the meeting, he offered to play the mediators role between the two nations.
noting that mutual trust is important for the talks to take place, vankwani expressed hoped the two countries would move in a positive direction from here on.
the government has begun backdoor contacts with india and the ruling pakistan tehreek-e-insaf leader ramesh kumar vankwani has met prime minister modi and sushmaswaraj swaraj, the express tribune, a pakistan-based newspaper, reported.
i have communicated a positive note to the indian leaders and i hope there will now be a change in their behaviour, vankwani told the paper over phone on saturday.
the sindh-based pti leader, who is a lawmaker on minority seat, was in india as part of a 220-member delegation from 185 countries who attended the kumbh mela on an invite of the indian government.
vankwani said he met modi during an event.
he said he told modi that he had come with a positive message and wanted to return with a positive message.
he said that later on modis directive, swaraj held a 25-minute-long meeting.
i told the indian foreign minister that in pakistan its captains government now; he is a pathan and he does what he says.
we assure you that no pakistani institution is involved in the pulwama attack, the report quoted vankwani as saying.
sambalpur university.
telegraph picturebhubaneswar, march 19: chief minister naveen patnaik today inaugurated an e-learning centre at the veer surendra sai university of technology at burla near sambalpur.
naveen threw open the state-of-the-art centre during the institute's diamond jubilee celebration.
the varsity has constructed a new two-storey building at rs 10.
5 lakh with six halls for the purpose.
while two halls have a sitting capacity of 2,000, the others can accommodate 200 to 250 people each.
with the centre becoming operational, we can now simultaneously hold seminars, workshops and classes, said p.c. swain, chairman of the institute's public relation cell.
naveen also announced that an incubation and entrepreneur development centre would operate at the institute from this academic session.
the public works department would take over maintenance of the varsity, he said.
naveen also laid foundation stones for a new boys' hostel, academic block, multi-purpose administrative block-cum-amphitheatre on the occasion.
during his visit to the city, he also inaugurated the golden jubilee celebration of sambalpur university.
universities should be places where learning should take place with joy, he said.
the chief minister also inaugurated a post office passport seva kendra in the city in presence of union petroleum and natural gas minister dharmedra pradhan.
pradhan said naveen should have stayed at the function for sometime.
union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had invited the chief minister to the function and requested him to inaugurate the centre.
it would have been better if he had stayed longer and delivered his speech.
he hurriedly finished his job and went away, pradhan said.
earlier, the chief minister distributed aid, appliances and loan assistance to differently-abled persons at a camp.
around 2,049 differently-abled beneficiaries received aid, appliances and loan at the function.
jethmalani new delhi, nov.
25: the bjp today suspended ram jethmalani for anti-party activities.
other rebels  notably yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha  are likely to be issued a stiff warning that if they continue to be recalcitrant, they too may have to go jethmalanis way.
yashwant and shatrughan had both publicly insisted that nitin gadkari step down after allegations of financial irregularities surfaced against the bjp chief.
the partys parliamentary board, scheduled to meet tomorrow, is likely to recommend jethmalanis expulsion.
however, neither the suspension nor the imminent expulsion will terminate jethmalanis rajya sabha membership.
like amar singh, who continues to be an upper house member even after being expelled by the samajwadi party that had elected him, jethmalani will continue but as an independent member.
the decision to suspend jethmalani, taken late this evening, was an answer to the lawyers open dare to the bjp to take action against him.
jethmalani had yesterday written to gadkari, contesting a view jointly taken by opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley on the appointment of new cbi chief ranjit sinha.
sushma and jaitley, in a letter to prime minister manmohan singh, had alleged that sinha was appointed in haste to pre-empt a recommendation of the house panel on the lok pal bill to set up a collegium to choose the cbi head.
in his missive to gadkari, jethmalani had said sushmas and jaitleys move was instigated by the most undesirable rival and commended the government for fast-tracking sinhas appointment and averting a national calamity.
bjp sources said the rss and the party brass were furious with jethmalanis second offensive against the leadership in the recent past.
recently, after gadkaris alleged dodgy financial deals were out in the public domain, jethmalani had openly demanded his resignation and claimed that yashwant, shatrughan and jaswant singh were on the same page as him.
sources said what nettled the sangh and bjp leaders was that a bureaucratic appointment had become inextricably tied with the more complex matter of gadkaris alleged corruption.
sources wondered if the outbursts were a reflection of a growing inner disquiet against the bjp president whose term ends on december 19.
a section of the rss is still keen on giving gadkari a second tenure because of the fear that if he goes, the delhi cabal of l.k. advani, jaitley, sushmaswaraj and ananth kumar could regain control over the bjp.
curiously, the same persons who raised the cbi chiefs appointment were those who asked for gadkaris head.
on saturday, shatrughan, a lok sabha mp, endorsed jethmalanis position on the cbi head and said: an important organisation like the cbi cannot be kept headless.
the appointment of its new director has been done in a fair manner.
regarding gadkari, he said: he (gadkari) is a friend.
but a person occupying a responsible post should not only be honest but should also be seen as honest.
shatrughan was away in patna and refused to take calls.
on november 21, yashwant, a former finance and foreign minister and now a lok sabha mp, had issued a media release, saying: whether gadkari is guilty or not is not the issue.
those in public life should be beyond reproach.
new delhi, oct.
10: late night on monday, as indian and pakistani guns boomed along the international border, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj sent out a message to her more than one million followers on micro-blogging site twitter.
just hours earlier, pakistans foreign ministry had accused india of unprovoked firing, blaming new delhi for the death of innocent civilians.
sushmas tweet though wasnt a public response to pakistans allegations.
it related to a different, electoral battle  a list of places where she would address election rallies the next day.
7th october (tuesday): public meetings in panipat grameen, gharaunda, assandh and kaithal, the bland tweet read.
it isnt as though the foreign minister doesnt care or isnt aware about the border tensions.
she remains in firm charge of her ministry.
but a careful evaluation of pakistans strategy has made the prime minister push national security adviser (nsa) ajit doval ahead of sushmas ministry to the forefront of indias response to the deadliest border firing in several years, senior officials have told the telegraph.
india is convinced pakistan wants to diplomatically escalate the firing and ceasefire violations because of a complex set of realities and challenges that suit  for different reasons  both prime minister nawaz sharif and army headquarters in rawalpindi.
the idea is to deny them what they want, by keeping diplomacy in the shadows and instead letting the paramilitary forces stay at the frontlines of our publicly visible response, an official said.
they must know they arent getting what they want.
doval is holding daily meetings with senior officials of paramilitary forces and intelligence bureau chief syed asif ibrahim, co-ordinating the response that is playing out in television bulletins across the country.
the foreign office  usually prompt to publicly slam pakistan over ceasefire violations  has on the other hand followed sushmaswaraj and did not even make public that it earlier this week summoned pakistans deputy high commissioner to register indias protest.
the ministry of external affairs only broke its silence on the tension today, five days after the firing first led to indian civilian deaths.
we will respond to the situation appropriately, foreign ministry spokesperson and joint secretary syed akbaruddin said.
we will not be scared into talking but we are not afraid to talk.
the pakistan army, india believes, wants to slowly ease out troops from the countrys north waziristan region where it has fought a brutal war against terrorists for the past several months.
but the us is jittery about pakistan reducing its military presence in the region that borders afghanistan, at a time america itself is withdrawing most of its troops from that country.
border tensions with india give pakistan an excuse to shift some of its forces out of the north waziristan region, another indian official said.
that, according to us, is a key factor why the current ceasefire violations work well for the pakistani army.
for sharif, beleaguered by weeks of protests in islamabad against his government led by cricketer-turnedpolitician imran khan, border tensions with india present an opportunity to remobilise a nation behind him.
a daily, diplomatic tit-for-tat  which usually marks indian-pakistan tensions  would help pakistan fuel these objectives, indian officials said.
it would also help pakistan internationalise a dispute that india insists is strictly bilateral, under the simla agreement of 1972 and the lahore declaration of 1999.
pakistan has already complained to the united nations military observer group in india pakistan (unmogip)  an agency india considers redundant after the simla pact  about the border tensions.
un secretary-general ban ki moon has asked both nations to ease tensions.
islamabad has accused india of starting the cross-border firing that has now claimed the lives of at least six indian and 13 pakistani civilians.
but indian officials dismissed the allegations, pointing to the location of the initial ceasefire violations  the international border in jammu south of the line of control, which india considers settled, but pakistan insists remains disputed.
pakistan alone, indian officials said, gains from portraying the international border as disputed.
lets look at the track record of those who are making accusations against us, akbaruddin said.
these are the same people who harboured al qaida chief osama bin laden in a cantonment near islamabad for a decade while telling their western friends they were a part of the war against terrorism.
sushma (top), jaitley.
(pti) new delhi, sept.
28: bjp leader arun jaitley today said the opposition did not have the numbers to dethrone the government, which was collapsing because of its inner conflicts.
addressing the media with his lok sabha counterpart sushmaswaraj swaraj, the rajya sabha opposition leader said the perceived lack of the upas stability was because of the lack of leadership and the lack of credibility in the government and the congress.
jaitley was responding to prime minister manmohan singhs comment that the opposition was getting prematurely restless and trying to force (an) early election.
yesterday, while flying back to india from the us, singh told journalists that despite the attempts to destabilise the polity, upa ii would stay its course.
jaitley said the bjp was not involved in the 2g scam, nor was it a beneficiary of the 2008 cash-for-votes scandal.
we do not have the numbers to destabilise the government, he said.
the government is destroying its own legitimacy, it is collapsing because of its inner conflicts and corruption, he added.
sushma alluded to the perceived differences between p. chidambaram and pranab mukherjee, saying the congress can make the two ministers shake hands and make up.
but they owe answers to the people of the country.
if mid-term polls happen now, it would be because of the governments doings and not of the oppositions asking.
the bjp pursued the home minister with the same vigour with which it had gone after former telecom minister a. raja, but avoided attacking the congress and the prime minister aloud.
when we attacked raja, it was on the basis of evidence.
jaitley said: the last has not been heard on the 2g saga.
the closest the bjp came to criticising the prime minister was when jaitley said that he had distanced himself from ground realities and was living in denial and protecting tainted ministers.
two of his (singhs) explanations merit comment.
first, he said he had full confidence in his ministers.
second, he said i will defend my ministers.
it would have been better if instead of protecting his tainted ministers, he protected the truth.
if the pm chooses to believe in a tainted minister, then the country will find it hard to repose its confidence in the pm, jaitley said.
who is this gadkari, asked mamata banerjee.
it was the summer of 2009, and banerjee, who was then rail minister, was meeting a delegation from karnataka led by the late ananth kumar.
it was time to elect a new bjp president and gadkari had emerged a strong contender.
kumar, an informed member of the bjp hierarchy, patiently explained to banerjee that nitin gadkari was a well-known leader of maharashtra and a successful public works department (pwd) minister there.
banerjee didnt seem convinced.
she said, why him, when there are such senior and capable leaders like rajnath singh, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley?
kumar smiled, but didnt reply.
only days later gadkari was anointed bjp president, replacing rajnath singh.
gadkari, a nagpur boy, had practically grown up in a shakha; he was rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss) chief mohan bhagwats pick.
apart from the fact that he met bhagwats desire for a generation change in the bjp  he was 52 at the time  gadkari was viewed as not flashy or individualistic, good qualities in the sangh ethic.
now, a decade on, gadkari has craftily tip-toed to the position the sangh has probably always been nudging him towards  as the man who will be a credible alternative to narendra modi as the prime ministerial candidate should the bjp fall short of numbers and need to desperately rebuild the nda in its bid to retain power.
the modi-shah duo has ruffled feathers, not merely in the ranks of allies but within the bjp as well; nobody in the bjp will say it openly but the modi-shah dictatorial diarchy hasnt gone down well with party rank and hierarchy.
should the two fail to manage the magic tally, gadkari could well emerge as a more acceptable consensus leader of a newly-constituted nda.
gadkari is far from an unknown entity; on the contrary, he is consciously teasing himself into the centrestage.
some of his recent comments, clearly a taunt to pm modi and his worldview, have prompted the whole country to take notice of the lumbering tortoise from nagpur and ask  who is this gadkari?
in the span of the last month and a little more, gadkari has showered wholesome praise on jawaharlal nehru and indira gandhi, counselled party members should speak less, and conceded that unemployment is a major problem facing the country.
none of this could have been music to modis ears.
when bjp workers heckled delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal at the launch of a campaign to clean the yamuna, they earned a rap from the senior leader.
gadkari has gone on to clarify that some of his statements had been twisted, but thats just smart politics, no more.
kishore tiwari, who is considered close to the rss and knows gadkari well, tells the telegraph, i would be surprised if gadkari has said these things without thinking about the consequences within and outside the party.
tiwari is the chairperson of vasantrao naik sheti swavalamban mission, a task force of the maharashtra government for crop loans in the farmer suicide-prone marathwada and vidarbha regions, and holds a ministerial rank.
he recently wrote a letter to bhagwat and the rss general secretary, suresh bhaiyyaji joshi, asking them to get rid of arrogant leaders and name gadkari as the prime ministerial candidate ahead of the 2019 elections.
tiwari says that in doing so he was merely reflecting the views of bjp cadres who were too scared to speak up.
over phone from amravati in maharashtra, tiwari said: it was a confidential letter.
but it was leaked to the press by the rss brass in nagpur.
i was critical of modi and amit shah for their autocratic ways of functioning and the way they wreaked havoc through their brainless policies.
you are free to interpret as to why the rss leaked the letter.
of the sharper salvos gadkari has fired on the modi dispensation recently is that government and party bosses should own up to failures and defeats just as they grab credit for success.
his exact words were: if i am the party president and my mps and mlas are not doing well, then who is responsible?
i am.
former union minister and member of the bjp, sangh priya gautam, tells the telegraph over phone from bulandshahr that he is aghast at the partys remorselessness after the electoral losses in madhya pradesh, rajasthan and chhattisgarh.
it is the bjps history to hold introspection meetings after every defeat to know the reasons and make amends.
it was the sanghs idea to do that.
i am not aware of any such meeting so far.
i think gadkari has a reason if he says leadership should take responsibility for the defeat.
gautam recently wrote an open letter to senior bjp functionaries with recommendations that included elevating gadkari to the post of deputy prime minister.
and could it be mere coincidence that calls have begun to be made for a prime minister from maharashtra?
among those who have appeared to endorse this is maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis himself.
but apart from the fact that he is dyed-in-the-wool saffron and not spewing or enabling socio-political toxicity, what else is there that makes gadkari a viable alternative to modi?
he is the only central minister who is popular with the public and even the party people, says gautam.
according to bal kulkarni, a nagpur-based political analyst and former editor of several marathi dailies, gadkari has modelled himself on sharad pawar  he displays no rough edges, he has cultivated friends across party and ideological lines and, critically, has very strong links with the corporate world.
that, translated, means moneybags.
he is himself a successful entrepreneur and once ran the controversial purti group, which had interests in several sectors from real estate to power to sugar.
his many quirks are common knowledge  how he likes to employ cheesy hindi film dialogues; how he had to have a bariatric surgery because he used to be obese; his enduring and foregrounded weakness for the maharashtrian snack, bhel.
but while once upon a time, people may have laughed at him for these, it is possible that the same things now make him appear more human, even endearing, especially compared to the carefully spin-doctored 56-inch chest persona.
there is, of course, no discounting his political savvy.
gadkari couldnt have arrived where he has from relative political obscurity in the time that he has.
from the very start of his career as partyman in maharashtra, gadkari has known that navigating upwards in the bjp would be no easy thing; his 2009-13 stint as party president only confirmed that to him.
if maharashtra was tricky, delhi was downright slippery.
but gadkari has not merely managed his balance, he has continued to push his career as well.
as party president, gadkari, had inducted sanjay joshi, modis bte noire, into the bjps national executive.
while some say gadkari was impressed by joshis hold on party workers, his opponents claim he was brought in to cut modi, who was then chief minister of gujarat, to size.
modi would, of course, hit back later and have joshi humiliated and cast out.
gadkari himself was sidelined for causing affront to rising star modi.
joshi has maintained a low profile since, but gadkari survived that storm and came back to delhi as a minister in the modi government.
says ganesh kanate, a former journalist and somebody who has tracked gadkaris rise, gadkari is uncomfortable with the opponents within his party, but he is unlikely to join a camp or form a group of his own.
the rss, i know for sure, has instructed leaders in the bjp not to disturb him.
apart from being a survivor, and an affable one, gadkari is also said to be the best performing minister in the modi government.
he might have won his first lok sabha election in 2014  from nagpur, where else?
but he cut his teeth as a public servant during his stint in the pwd ministry in the shiv sena-bjp government in the mid-90s.
the 55 flyovers in mumbai and the mumbai-pune expressway built during his tenure are now stuff of legend.
and when he took charge as minister of roads, transport and highways in 2014  he is also minister for shipping and waterways he streamlined processes, ensured that only the deserving got projects with guarantees of on-time delivery, roped in foreign consultants to carry out feasibility studies and suggest changes to existing policies.
the roads ministry claims that the speed of road building is now 40 kilometres a day from a mere 2 kilometres a day during the upa ii regime.
resource mobilisation through the build-operate-transfer scheme has been an innovative mechanism for raising much-needed funds in the road sector, says rajaji meshram, partner at consultancy firm ernst & young and an expert on railways, ports, logistics and other transport infrastructure sectors.
gadkari doesnt mind amending schemes, even his pet ones, when it is obvious that they havent and wont take off.
it was he who introduced the engineering, procurement and construction or epc arrangement, under which the government proffered funds to private companies to initiate new projects.
the epc scheme was an impetus to stalled projects but couldnt be sustained.
before that, the minister had junked public-private partnership in infrastructure projects and replaced it with the build-operate-transfer model.
he has had his share of failed projects  amphibious buses that can ply on roads and sail on water and were supposed to be introduced across india; the sagarmala project that was to link all ports in india; and the shifting deadline of the ganga clean-up project.
says kanate, he may claim that he has done 80 things but only 60 may have come to fruition in reality.
but there are so many that people tend to ignore the ones he has failed in.
he keeps saying mera naam badal dena if such and such thing is not done.
he doesnt succeed every time but his strike rate is very high.
sangha priya gautam points out, modi inaugurates completed projects of gadkari, while he only lays foundation stones for other ministers.
and bal kulkarni, who had earlier compared gadkari to pawar, says, he has proved his mettle.
while sharad pawar spent 25 to 30 years in delhi to establish himself as a leader of some stature, gadkari has earned that in only four-and-a-half years.
he is also not into cow or temple politics.
now it is for him to decide what he does with the stature he has earned.
it is modi or none from the bjp is the line that is being bandied around by the modi-shah establishment within the ruling party.
but tiwari says friends in high places in the rss have told him that gadkari should continue to speak his mind.
he adds, they have assured me that they have a plan in place.
so should gadkari.
theres no gainsaying politics is an unpredictable affair; gadkari may only be counting upon it to be more so in the run-up to 2019.
new delhi, may 27: prime ministers narendra modi of india and nawaz sharif of pakistan pulled off their icebreaker meet smoothly today, each side promising to pass on the baton for talks to their foreign secretaries without holding them hostage to core concerns: terrorism for india and kashmir for pakistan.
let us change confrontation to cooperation, sharif said in a statement just before leaving for the airport.
my government stands ready and is in the spirit of cooperation.
prime minister modi underlined concern over terrorism.
terrorism from its (pakistans) territory.
foreign secretaries will remain in touch the pm (modi) expressed hope (that the two countries will work for) the economic, social and cultural development of south asia, foreign secretary sujata singh said.
sushma swaraj, the new external affairs minister, was with modi in each of the back-to-back talks the prime minister had with the leaders of the saarc nations and mauritius.
the meeting with sharif was the longest, 50 minutes.
in her briefing on the talks that modi had with each of the visiting foreign leaders, there was a conscious effort to avoid use of either aggressive words or delve too deeply into issues that have domestic ramifications, such as the question of military training for sri lankan personnel in india.
refusing to give a record of discussions, the secretary said  after repeated questioning on the attack on the indian consulate in herat, afghanistan, last friday, the trials of the suspects of the 26/11 terror attacks and on the whereabouts of dawood ibrahim wanted for many crimes in india  that all concerns over terrorism were clearly articulated.
in his statement, sharif acknowledged the political shift in india and the potential that it may hold for bilateral relations.
i had pointed out that we both were at the beginning of a clear mandate from our respective nations  sharif won the elections in pakistan in june last year.
he also found words (oft-repeated) to assuage immediate concerns on terror attacks from outfits based in pakistan: our common agenda is not possible without peace and security.
there was no indication of how the foreign secretary-level talks will be structured  whether it signals the revival of a composite dialogue process or whether the new regimes will look for newer mechanisms.
sujata singh said that would evolve.
for now, we want peaceful and friendly relations with pakistan; however, for such relations to proceed it is important that terror and violence is brought to an end.
the unstated acceptance on both sides was an acknowledgement that as of this evening, each of the prime ministers had found a diplomatic milestone despite the opposition within their countries as well as even in their ruling coalitions.
if there is a sense of a beginning with sharif in pakistan, there is a sense of an ending with president hamid karzai of afghanistan.
karzai is slated to demit office in about 45 days.
he stated after arriving in india yesterday that there was evidence from an us agency that the pakistan-based lashkar-e-toiba had a hand in the attack on the indian consulate in herat.
karzai is believed to have shared the information with modi in his talks.
on bangladesh, the indian foreign secretary acknowledged that the speaker of the bangladesh parliament, shirin sharmin chaudhry, had conveyed a desire in dhaka that modi should make bangladesh his first foreign destination.
chaudhry was here for modis inaugural because prime minister sheikh hasina is on a scheduled visit to japan.
singh said the discussions covered a range of issues.
modi told chaudhry that he would actively consider the pending questions on the sharing of the teesta waters and the execution of a land boundary agreement.
the bangladesh speaker also delivered a letter from sheikh hasina.
new delhi, march 13: the whispers have already started in the capital's power corridors - prime minister narendra modi could make significant changes in his cabinet to tighten his grip further following the bjp's performance in the assembly elections.
although finance minister arun jaitley has been given additional charge of defence after manohar parrikar resigned ahead of his swearing-in as goa chief minister, sources said it was a temporary arrangement.
according to the sources, the changes - including at the top - could be made after the second half of parliament's budget session is over next month.
the sources said assessments by the prime minister's office had shown that some key ministers were not being able to discharge their duties fully and chances of them being replaced were likely.
arun jaitley in new delhion monday.
(pti) external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who has had a kidney transplant last year, has not been attending office or meeting foreign dignitaries since november.
parrikar's resignation from the union cabinet was also being cited as a reason for the possible revamp.
his resignation was accepted by president pranab mukherjee this afternoon, bringing back an arrangement that was in place in the early months of the modi regime.
before parrikar was plucked out of goa and brought to the defence ministry in november 2014, jaitley had headed the ministry along with the finance ministry.
bjp sources said it was also possible that the chief minister of a bjp-ruled state could be moved to delhi against his will and a senior functionary from the central party organisation told to replace him.
two prominent chief ministers - madhya pradesh's shivraj singh chouhan and rajasthan's vasundhara raje scindia - were in delhi on sunday to attend a felicitation ceremony for modi at the bjp headquarters.
chouhan, once seen as a political challenger to modi, was spotted felicitating modi separately with a shawl and a memento.
rumours about an impending cabinet rejig had been swirling since elections in uttar pradesh and four other states were announced early this year.
it was believed that the prime minister would wait for the presentation of the budget and the election results before pressing the reset button.
now that the results have come and endorsed the modi magic, the prime minister will certainly seize the opportunity and make changes, a source said, adding, modi has a penchant for disturbing the status quo.
a defeat in uttar pradesh would have undermined modi's authority, while many senior bjp leaders had hoped that the demonetisation - a decision the prime minister is believed to have taken without any meaningful consultation with other cabinet members - would spoil the party's performance in the heartland.
that would have given them the opportunity to hold modi accountable.
they have been proved wrong.
now modi can make any changes he likes and nobody will protest, a bjp leader said.
bjp sources said the way was now clear before modi and party chief amit shah to establish their total grip over the government and the party.
new delhi, june 27: newly elected rajya sabha mp misa bharti has warmed to sushmaswaraj swaraj after initially taking a dig at the external affairs minister for being apparently sidelined by the prime minister, describing her as most competent in a tweet.
on friday, bharti tweeted: sadly, in all pm @narendramodi foreign policy efforts, seasoned mea @sushmaswaraj is conspicuously absent.
at least this is what it appears!
but in reply to a comment later, bharti, daughter of lalu prasad, said: @sushmaswaraj is easily most competent in the govt.
the young rjd mp's comment elicited a response from sushma: welcome to rajya sabha @misabharti.
i am happy you are interested in foreign affairs.
we will discuss all issues of foreign policy.
traditionally in india, prime ministers have directed foreign policy, handpicking key advisers and the foreign secretary, though the top diplomat officially reports to the foreign minister.
but under modi, sushmaswaraj has largely been left out not just from the foreign-policy-making process but also from its execution.
senior diplomats perceived as close to her have found themselves relegated to marginal posts, while some,like former foreign secretary sujatha singh, have been fired.
the exchange between bharti and sushmaswaraj represents a recurring theme the opposition has used to target the modi government.
congress leader digvijaya singh too has in the past accused modi of sidelining sushmaswaraj , who had once opposed modi's anointment as the face of the bjp's 2014 poll campaign.
sushma still enjoys the goodwill of several senior diplomats, and stripped of any major policy-making role, has tried to carve a niche for herself as a diplomatic trouble-shooter - where allowed by the prime minister.
when african diplomats threatened to boycott a government event after attacks on african students in new delhi, it was sushma's intervention that eventually doused their anger.
whenever modi's policy towards pakistan has hit a wall, the government fronted sushmaswaraj to defend its approach and offer islamabad a public olive branch.
but when sushmaswaraj was hospitalised two months ago after suffering a bout of pneumonia, modi made it clear that he did not consider her crucial enough to put key diplomatic tasks on hold.
she couldn't undertake key trips but modi sent finance minister arun jaitley to japan and commerce minister nirmala sitharaman to myanmar.
sushma's husband swaraj kaushal worked with lalu prasad and the socialists during the emergency and defended george fernandes in the baroda dynamite case.
bharti posted a picture of her along with sushmaswaraj and said: @sushmaswaraj plenty 2 learn frm ur exp & statesmanly conduct.
seek ur blessings 2 carve a pol.
path similar to urs.
asked about the tweets, bharti said: she is paying the price for all the prime minister's nationalist image-building.
the prime minister has encroached on her role.
i have not spoken to her yet but will do once parliament starts.
new delhi, june 24: the congress today described the outcome at the nsg plenary as a colossal failure and questioned prime minister narendra modi's understanding of diplomatic niceties and global realities.
the party asked the government to analyse why 10 to 16 countries either opposed or didn't support india's bid to enter the nuclear suppliers group when the same 48-member bloc that governs global nuclear trade had granted an unconditional waiver in 2008 from its guidelines.
the waiver had enabled india, not a signatory to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty (npt) - one of the conditions for joining the nsg - to operationalise the indo-us nuclear agreement to get civil nuclear technology for energy security.
the congress also asked the government to find out if somebody had goofed up and sought a personal explanation from the prime minister.
it is high time narendra modi realised that diplomacy requires gravitas, depth and seriousness, not public tamasha.
the world saw the prime minister make a spectacle of himself and india.
now india faces embarrassment unnecessarily, congress spokesperson anand sharma said.
we do not know why india showed its desperation and allowed the country to be equated with pakistan on the issue of nsg membership.
this kind of intense lobbying by modi and his government.
.
.
we can understand if (it) is done for un security council membership.
when there is no obstacle when it comes to nuclear trade within the nsg countries, it was unnecessary, sharma added.
the congress also fielded former union minister prithviraj chavan, who was actively associated with the indo-us nuclear deal, to stress the point that the outcome at the seoul nsg plenary today was a serious diplomatic failure.
the prime minister's desperate diplomacy had raised huge expectations.
apart from he himself, top officials and delegations had crisscrossed global capitals at the last minute.
but the result is disappointing, chavan said.
chavan explained: the prime minister finally dashed to tashkent and made a personal appeal to the chinese president.
but it appears 10 or 16 countries either opposed or did not support our plea.
chinese representative wang qun said india's membership had never ever been on the agenda and not discussed at all.
he described pakistan as a close friend and india as a neighbour.
it is obvious china has ignored pakistan's pathetic record in nuclear non-proliferation.
pakistan too is not a signatory to the npt and its application for membership, submitted to the nsgdays after india's, had forced the group to confront the challenges of discriminating between the two, despite their vastly different track records.
taking strong exception to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's argument that india had no objection to pakistan's entry into the nsg, chavan said: it is absolutely shocking.
pakistan's record is deplorable, it can't be clubbed with india.
it has supplied n-material to rogue states.
the prime minister must explain what is his stand.
who goofed up?
chavan also pointed to pakistan's nsa statement that the us support to india was to contain china, prevent the resurgence of russia and keep the muslim world in a controlled chaos, and asked modi to clarify his position.
what is india's stand on that?
chavan asked, adding the government should analyse how it ended up equating india and pakistan instead of taking to conclusion the process started by the manmohan singh government to end nuclear apartheid.
he recalled that the us had already committed its backing for india's entry into the nsg when the upa was in power.
even at the nsg plenary in 2008, no country had raised the question of npt and granted unconditional waiver for india, he said.
we were allowed to do nuclear commerce without any hindrance.
that was the result of our diplomacy and now we have such a disappointment, chavan added before reiterating the congress's position that india should never sign the npt.
new delhi, sept.
7: the bjp today stood by its decisions to stall parliament for virtually the entire monsoon session and demand the cancellation of coal-block allotments, apparently unfazed by the flak it has received from industry representatives and the editorial class.
at a media conference, opposition leaders sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley summed up their stand as a battle for safeguarding the economic resources for a larger public good.
jaitley dismissed the comments by adi godrej, president of the confederation of indian industry (cii), and industry body assocham criticising the partys clamour for cancellation of coal-block allotments.
these days, he said, i too use a phrase the left is fond of using and that is crony capitalism.
the cii and assochams stand is very regrettable.
it was an opportunity for these leading chambers to stand (up) against the scandalous allocation of natural resources.
they failed to do so.
asked whether the bjps stance might affect investor and industry confidence, jaitley said: it will have a beneficial impact on the country because the windfall gains will go into the public exchequer if india adopts a fair allocation policy.
when the 2g licences were cancelled, it did not lead to a catastrophe.
it had a beneficial effect on the telecom sector.
godrej has said cancellation is not the right step because it will negatively impact business sentiments, particularly in the power sector which is already hard hit by the lack of coal supplies.
assocham issued a newspaper ad accusing the cag of causing an environment of suspicion and distrust in the country and appealing to all stakeholders to desist from putting emotions over discretion in national interest.
sushma and jaitley recalled that when the former nda government was hit by the petrol pump allotment scam that implicated rss and bjp members, atal bihari vajpayee had revoked the allocations in one stroke.
asked later if the scales of the two controversies were the same, there was no answer, however.
queried on ajay sancheti, a party rajya sabha member and friend of nitin gadkari who secured a coal block in bjp-ruled chhattisgarh in a purported global tender, jaitley claimed sancheti was a minority shareholder in a psu largely owned by the state government.
but he added: we are not holding a brief for anybody, not even a party member.
let all be inquired into.
democracy gives many protest mechanisms.
stalling parliament is one.
the bjps core group will meet on september 13 to plan an agitation that is expected to take the theme of the upas corruption to the villages.
leader of opposition in lok sabha and bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday appealed to the people to vote for the bjp to strengthen the hands of narendra modi.
the vote for the 16th parliament in the country is not an ordinary election.
rather, it is to save this country from darkness, dejection and disappointment, which have surrounded us from all sides.
she also urged the people to be a part of the present wave of change in the government under narendra modi.
price hike was the main reason behind corruption and it was shocking for the whole nation that a new scam was unearthed during every session of parliament in the second innings of the upa.
the upa government has also miserably failed in its commitment to the youths and could not provide them the job opportunities it had assured during the 2009 elections, she said.
cases of rape increased and no woman in the country was feeling safe under the regime.
she appealed to people to vote for bjp candidate from gopalganj janak ram for a stable government at the centre.
reuters, ptiport diplomacy iranian president hassan rouhani at the inauguration of the extension of the port of chabahar, near the pakistani border, on sunday.
(ap)dubai: iran opened an extension of its southeastern chabahar port on sunday, which should help it become a key transit route to land-locked afghanistan and central asia and allow india to bypass the nearby pakistani port of gwadar.
india provided $235 million of the $1 billion investment on the expansion and has committed $500 million to the port, located on the gulf of oman and easily accessible from india's west coast.
the development reflects a growing convergence of interests among india, iran and afghanistan.
new delhi has, however, been proceeding cautiously at a time washington has taken an aggressive new approach towards tehran.
in october, india sent its first wheat consignment to afghanistan through chabahar, located about 140km from gwadar port, which is being developed with chinese help.
iranian president hassan rouhani inaugurated sunday's expansion, which has more than tripled the port's capacity to 8.
5 million tonnes a year, state television reported.
india's foreign ministry said that junior shipping minister pon radhakrishnan had represented the country at the inauguration of phase-i of the shahid beheshti port, attended also by ambassadors and senior officials of the region.
india, iran and afghanistan held a trilateral ministerial meeting on the sidelines of the event, resolving to develop their port, road and railway networks to open up greater access to regional markets and better integrate their economies.
the routes of the region should be connected on land, sea and air, rouhani said at the event, his office said.
under an india-iran agreement signed in may last year, new delhi is to equip and operate two berths in the port's phase-i, with a capital investment of $85.
21 million and an annual revenue expenditure of $22.
95 million, on a 10-year lease.
india's foreign ministry said radhakrishnan had represented the country in the india-iran-afghanistan trilateral meeting in chabahar on sunday.
iran was represented by transport minister abbas akhoundi and afghanistan by trade and commerce minister humayoon rasaw.
the three countries reaffirmed their commitment to completing and operationalising the port at the earliest.
it was decided to finalise protocols related to transport and transit, ports, customs procedures and consular affairs, a joint statement issued after the meeting said.
according to the joint statement, the three ministers also discussed a trilateral pact relating to the project.
in may last year, india, iran and afghanistan had inked an agreement that entailed the establishment of a transit and transport corridor among the three countries.
ahead of the inauguration, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had met her iranian counterpart, javed zarif, in tehran on saturday.
they discussed the implementation of the chabahar port project, among other subjects.
sushma had made a stopover at tehran on her return from the russian city of sochi, where she had attended the annual summit of the shanghai cooperation organisation.
sartaj aziz new delhi, sept.
19: countries across the world today condemned sunday's terrorist attack at uri but some of them also indicated reservations about any response from india that might escalate military tensions with pakistan.
america, britain, france, russia, china, germany, japan, canada and bhutan were among the nations that had by evening sent their denouncements of the attack.
china and germany, in their statements of support for india, also aired concern about a further rise in tensions on the subcontinent, a worry echoed by un secretary-general ban ki-moon.
these nations' responses varied starkly from comments by pakistan's top diplomat sartaj aziz, who rejected the baseless and irresponsible allegations from new delhi blaming islamabad for the attack.
aziz linked the attack to the clashes between the security forces and protesters in kashmir since july that have left 80-odd people dead.
senior officials here told the telegraph that the government was viewing the prompt and strong support from the international community as a move towards a larger consensus on action against pakistan.
that consensus is still far from complete.
but russia, which was planning to hold military exercises in pakistan-occupied-kashmir, has called these off though moscow and islamabad will continue with their exercises in other parts of pakistan.
russian officials said the decision not to hold the exercises in pok was taken independently of the uri attack, keeping in mind india's insistence that the area is illegally occupied.
russia was the only country to directly refer to india's assertion that the uri terrorists came from pakistan.
we strongly condemn the terrorist attack against an army base in jammu and kashmir's uri in the early hours of september 18, russia's foreign ministry said.
we are also concerned about the fact that, according to new delhi, the army base near uri was attacked from pakistani territory.
we believe that this criminal act will be investigated properly, and that its organisers and perpetrators will be held accountable.
india has decided to heighten its diplomatic assault on pakistan directly at the un and with international partners, demonstrating to them evidence of links between its neighbour and yesterday's attackers.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is scheduled to address the un general assembly on september 26.
she is expected to focus on the twin themes of the uri attack and alleged human rights violations by pakistan in balochistan.
rather than internationalising issues with india, pakistan should cleanse itself of its terrorists, india's permanent representative to the un in geneva, ajit kumar, told the un's human rights council today.
it is time that moral and material support provided by pakistan to the perpetrators of this continuing heinous violence on indian soil should attract this council's attention.
the potential for balochistan, which prime minister narendra modi twice invoked publicly last month, to emerge as a flashpoint between the neighbours is rising too.
baloch republican party chief brahumdagh bugti, in exile in geneva, today said he would apply for political asylum in india because swiss authorities had not granted him that status despite attempts over the past six years.
we will also apply (to india) for asylum for all those balochis who are facing political persecution in pakistan or are refugees in afghanistan since the 2005 military assault on balochistan by pakistan, bugti said.
baloch refugees in afghanistan number between 8,000 and 10,000, bugti said, adding that he would try to apply for political asylum at the indian embassy in switzerland this week.
for india, granting asylum to bugti would signal a willingness to openly acknowledge its decades-long political and diplomatic support to movements in balochistan for greater autonomy.
but while serving as a retaliatory reminder to pakistan over kashmir, it could strengthen islamabad's accusations that new delhi is sponsoring a secessionist movement in balochistan.
new delhi, feb.
23: the aiadmk may be the flavour of the new political season if the impending joint parliamentary committee (jpc) is a bellwether.
till last week, the government seemed disinclined to have an mp from jayalalithaas party in the panel that will probe the 2g-spectrum scam because her rival, the dmk, would not hear of it.
the bjp sounded non-committal on whether it would want the aiadmk to be part of the exercise.
jayalalithaa saw the prospective non-inclusion as a political challenge and put her mps on the job.
for the past three days, m. thambidurai, lok sabha mp and leader of the aiadmk parliamentary party, knocked on doors of the movers and shakers in the corridors of parliament, insisting that his party be represented in an investigation that was tamil nadu-centric and, therefore, critical to its future, which was the reason why the dmk insisted it should be kept out.
thambidurai mainly worked on the bjp through lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj swaraj and l.k. advani.
this evening, the government agreed to include a member of jayalalithaas party in the panel that will be formally put in place tomorrow.
that the bjp was ready to consider the sos became apparent when advani proposed in an all-party meeting with the lok sabha speaker meira kumar last sunday that the panel should be enlarged to accommodate as many parties as possible.
sources said despite its patchy experience with jayalalithaa since 1998, the bjp spied a fresh opening for a prospective relationship with the aiadmk by putting itself out to secure a jpc membership for the party.
the congress, too, was uncertain about how political alignments would pan out after the may assembly elections, particularly if the dmk fared poorly.
akash r talatinew york: the indian-origin owner of a motel and a club was shot dead outside his outlet in north carolina, becoming an innocent bystander in the crossfire between an evicted customer and a security guard, police said.
akash r. talati, 40, who was from anand in gujarat, died in hospital after the shootout on saturday outside his knights inn and diamondz gentlemen's club in fayetteville city.
four others were injured.
only markeese dewitt, 23, the customer escorted out after he caused a disturbance, and the guard exchanged gunfire and the others were bystanders, police detective jamaal littlejohn said.
dewitt, shot four or five times, is in serious condition in hospital, fayobserver.com reported.
one of the four victims is in stable condition in hospital.
police have not released the names of the other three injured.
littlejohn said they included the guard and a female employee of the club.
littlejohn said after the guard had escorted dewitt out, the customer appeared to have gone to his vehicle, got a gun, went back inside the club and started shooting.
littlejohn said they had no idea what led to dewitt being kicked out of the club.
all we know is he got put out, he goes and gets a gun and it goes crazy from there, littlejohn said.
the police have appealed to the public for any information on the incident.
dewitt, from fayetteville, has been charged with attempted murder and assault with a deadly weapon inflicting serious injury, littlejohn said.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj promised talati's family all help and said the indian embassy in the us had been informed about the circumstances leading to his death.
we are in touch with the family of the deceased and will provide them all help, she tweeted.
guwahati, july 1: the agp today flayed the narendra modi government for hiking petrol and diesel prices.
agp working president atul bora told reporters here that the latest hike in fuel prices had come as a disappointment to people who voted for the bjp expecting a change from the anti-people policies of the previous congress-led upa government.
the rise in prices of petrol and diesel and soaring prices of food items have let down the people who harboured expectations from the new government which made tall promises before the elections, bora said.
people had voted out the congress-led coalition government for its failure to control price rise and handed a grand victory to the bjp with hopes that it would give them some respite.
but the first 35 days of the modi government turned out to be sheer disappointment, he said.
boras remarks came as a reaction to hike in petrol price by a steep rs 1.
69 a litre and diesel by 50 paise a litre.
not only fuel price hike, there has been a 14 per cent increase in train fares and the prices of onions, potatoes and sugar, among others, are skyrocketing.
it appears that the modi government will break the record of the upa government in terms of price rise.
the agp leader also deplored the modi government for its double speak on influx from bangladesh.
during election campaigns in assam and elsewhere, modi had said illegal migrants would be sent packing after may 16.
however, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did not even raise the issue during her recent visit to bangladesh, bora said.
instead of taking any step for detection and deportation of illegal migrants from the state, the modi government is now going to issue a five-year multiple-entry visa to bangladeshi citizens over 65 and under 13 years of age.
the visa relaxation will only complicate the problem of illegal migration.
in 2012-13, 4.
83 lakh bangladeshi nationals who came with regular visas either went missing or have overstayed in the country, he said.
basant kumar mohantynew delhi: former iit professors on wednesday wondered if thousands of employees who had retired from the premier tech schools would ever get their revised pension, articulating a shared worry after two years of wait.
for the last two years we have been waiting for a revision of our pension as per the 7th pay commission scale, a.l. agrawal, general secretary, pan iits retired faculty association, told the telegraph.
many of the retirees have died during this period.
what is the government waiting for?
is it waiting for more pensioners to die?
the cry of frustration came two days before a scheduled government meeting on the issue.
over 8,000 retired iit teachers and non-teaching staff are waiting for their revised pension since the government accepted the recommendations of the 7th pay commission report in 2016.
at a media conference on february 8, human resource development minister prakash javadekar had been asked about the delay.
this press conference is not on the pension issue, he had said.
the government has already revised the pension of retired government employees.
all the service and conduct rules of the government apply for the faculty and staff of the iits and centrally funded institutions.
there is no justification for delaying our pension, agrawal said.
prof.
ramesh m. singru, who taught in iit kanpur from 1966 to 1995, said pensioners had started hoping for better times after foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's september 2017 speech at the un.
but our euphoria soon died down when we realised that justice to people who built the iits and the iims is indefinitely delayed, singru added.
a doubt arises.
was the speech at the un general assembly typical rhetoric by a minister whose speechwriter found iit rhyming with let, and iim rhyming with jem attractive?
new delhi, march 9: sushmaswaraj swaraj, who sought to foreground herself as the flag-bearer in the bjps campaign against the ousted cvcs appointment, was today done out of her share of credit by party president, nitin gadkari.
responding to queries at a news conference on whether he endorsed sushmas line on the cvc controversy after prime minister manmohan singhs statements in parliament, gadkari said: the cvc issue is not over for the bjp.
we are dissatisfied with the prime ministers reply.
i am stating this as the bjp president.
my statement is the party line.
although gadkari hedged on whether the bjp would demand singhs resignation, he said: the prime minister has deflected the blame on the then minister of state for personnel (prithviraj chavan) and chavan is shifting the blame on the kerala government.
is one to infer that the centre is also running the kerala government?
the cvc issue is not a simple matter.
the prime minister should explain if the appointment was done under political pressure.
the bjp will take its movement to the peoples court.
as gadkari stressed there were no differences within his party on how to take on the government on the cvc issue, his assertions made it clear that the bjp was persuaded by the rajya sabha opposition leader arun jaitleys line.
there are no contradictions between sushmaji and jaitleyji on this, he insisted.
however, the differences between the opposition leaders  whose aides lately claimed that they functioned in complete unison  surfaced on march 4 when sushmaswaraj used her twitter account to say that she appreciated singhs statement accepting responsibility for the cvcs appointment shortly after he spoke to the lok sabha.
the bjps chief spokesperson ravi shankar prasad promptly reacted, saying that just a casual comment claiming responsibility was not enough.
a day later, rajya sabha mp and former party chief m. venkaiah naidu said: the prime minister is duty-bound to tell whether there was an error of judgement or some other pressure from outside.
he even asked for an apology in parliament from singh.
jaitley said in a tv interview emphasised that the buck stopped at singhs door.
on monday, when he sought clarifications on how p.j. thomas was picked for the job and was told the process was overseen by chavan, now the maharashtra chief minister, he said he felt let down by singhs responses.
that sushmaswaraj would no longer be the public face of the bjps cvc-prime minister discourse was apparent in yet another way today.
at a meeting of the partys office-bearers from all over the country, she spoke on price rise while jaitley addressed the gathering on corruption that, sources said, included a lengthy exposition on thomass appointment and sack.
ironically, sushmaswaraj , whose official and recorded dissent to the government had catalysed political opinion against thomas, did not utter a word on it.
our special correspondentnew delhi: the foreign ministers of india and china will meet on monday for the first time on the heels of the doklam face-off and renewed efforts by the us to resurrect a partnership to counter beijing's growing financial and strategic heft in the indo-pacific region.
the meeting will take place in new delhi on the sidelines of the 15th russia-india-china meet that was initially scheduled for april but had to be postponed after beijing pulled out citing date issues.
the pullout happened after beijing lodged an official protest with india over the dalai lama's visit to arunachal pradesh, but china insisted that the two were not connected.
on the agenda of monday's meeting between wang yi and sushmaswaraj swaraj, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said: we expect to discuss all bilateral issues.
we also expect that regional and certain global issues will come up for discussion.
while the doklam stand-off in the india-bhutan-china tri-junction was the most serious confrontation between the two asian superpowers in recent years, new delhi and beijing have differed on a number of other issues too this year.
india boycotted china's one-belt-one-road summit in may as one of the transit corridors runs through pakistan-occupied kashmir.
also, china exercised its veto power in the united nations security council's 1267 committee to once again block an attempt by the us, the uk and france to designate pakistani terrorist masood azhar as a global terrorist and impose sanctions on him.
and, india participated in exploratory talks on the decade-old idea of a quadrilateral of us, new delhi, japan and australia on the sidelines of the asean summit after america made it clear that the initiative was to create an alternative finance mechanism to the one china offers to lure emerging economies in the region.
sushma will also have a bilateral engagement with her russian counterpart sergey lavrov.
both lavrov and wang are scheduled to call on president ram nath kovind.
lavrov will also deliver a public lecture at the vivekananda foundation, a think tank that has been the narendra modi government's favoured hunting ground for talent while making appointments to key offices and institutions.
mooted in 1998, the russia-india-china grouping began regular annual meetings at the foreign minister level in 2002 and is driven by a common agenda of creating a multi-polar world.
new delhi, march 10: sunder singh bhandari, remembered in bjps legend and lore for silencing the likes of atal bihari vajpayee and l.k. advani in internal meetings because he was supposedly endowed with nerves of steel, was a transformed persona when in uttar pradesh.
bhandari, who passed away in 2005, was a quintessential rss pracharak whose words were measured and whose demeanour was stony.
yet when he was uttar pradeshs central minder for the bjp, he would quake in anger each time journalists mentioned the state and the local leaders.
even bhandari, whose reputation as a no-nonsense organisational person preceded him, could do nothing to contain the states factional heads who at that time were kalyan singh, kalraj mishra, lalji tandon, om prakash singh, kesri nath tripathi and rajnath singh.
the script went something like this.
these district chieftains squabbled among themselves in lucknow.
but when they heard the footsteps of an outsider entering the bjps state headquarters, they closed ranks, ganged up against him and ensured he could not get his little toe inside, an old-timer recalled.
that was in the 1990s.
nearly 15 years later, the protagonists on the bjps uttar pradesh landscape remain unchanged  a testimony to their resilience and manoeuvrability.
but in 2014, when tandon  who thinks he is to atal bihari vajpayee what bharat was to ram in the ramayan, a turf-protector  started to throw shenanigans at the first whiff of trouble over his lok sabha seat, lucknow, amit shah swung into rearguard action.
in 24 hours, tandon had to retract his threat that if anyone other than narendra modi was fielded from lucknow, he would oppose the candidate.
it is an open secret that rajnath wished to shift from ghaziabad to lucknow before the lok sabha polls, for various reasons, including the apprehension that the aam aadmi party could be a mighty challenger.
ever since shah, who was advanis and later modis political manager in gujarat and now a general secretary, was tasked to clean up the act in uttar pradesh in 2013, he made one thing clear to the local worthies: he was there for a specific purpose  to maximise the bjps returns from uttar pradesh, an indispensable factor for getting power at the centre.
he was non-aligned to any faction or leader and he had no vested interest in the state because the moment his job was done, he would leave, possibly not to return in time to come.
shah, assisted by two deputies from bihar, directly touched base with district and block-level leaders and office-bearers.
his first job was to vet the membership lists and sift the fake from the real an exercise that unsettled the big guns who often flaunted their success in membership enrolment to perpetuate their hegemony.
in this, he was helped by several workers who waited for years without expecting and getting nothing from the bjp and finally glimpsed hope of fair treatment.
it helped that everyone in uttar pradeshs top hierarchy was an electoral dud: despite kicking and screaming, tandon could not ensure that his son, gopal tandon, won the lucknow north seat in 2012.
mishra, in his seventies, won his first assembly election, in 2012, by a whisker.
rajnath could not deliver a single assembly segment from ghaziabad, his lok sabha constituency.
tripathi lost from allahabad.
the three who won from varanasis assembly segments were perennial victors and owed no thanks to murli manohar joshi.
shahs message to rebels and potential rebels was simple, said sources.
do you want the bjp to be out of power at the centre yet again?
are you putting your own interests above the partys and most importantly, the nation?
if you do, our india first campaign goes for a toss, he was quoted saying.
that rajnath and the rss were 100 per cent behind him helped shahs endeavour.
nobody is unhappy, nobody has told you and me that, said shah.
but in quelling the incipient rebellion threat posed by joshi and tandon, sources said the rss also sent a larger message to advani and sushmaswaraj swaraj who repeatedly articulated their unhappiness with the bjps working in the modi regime publicly or made known to the media their private utterances through their confidants.
they should hold their horses, a source said.
sushma is reportedly keen to shift to bhopal from vidisha while uma bharti, now an mla in uttar pradesh, wants to return to madhya pradesh via a lok sabha contest.
a police officer announces the arrest of arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj, anurag thakur (on jaitleys left) and ananth kumar (extreme right) at madhavpur on tuesday.
(pti) srinagar, jan.
25: sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and hundreds of supporters were arrested just as they crossed madhavpur bridge into jammu and kashmir today, cutting short the bjps yatra 400km from destination srinagar.
the bjp leaders had earlier sent out the signal they were not serious about marching to lal chowk to unfurl the tricolour on republic day when they spent most of the day addressing a rally in punjab and started for jammu only late in the afternoon.
even if the omar abdullah government had allowed the march, it would have taken more than a day to cover the 400km distance from madhavpur to srinagar with the hill roads made more treacherous by snow.
sources close to the chief minister said he was relieved that bjp leaders did not precipitate things.
he had ordered security forces not to use force and thankfully there was no violence, a leader said.
omar tonight spoke to jaitley and invited the arrested bjp members to attend the official republic day celebrations in either srinagar or jammu as guests.
the state government will facilitate their participation at either of the venues, he told pti.
the state government had deployed 4,000 police and crpf personnel at lakhanpur, the gateway to the state, to keep the marchers out.
barbed wires formed the first line of defence.
a 500-strong bjp contingent, carrying dozens of flags, walked peacefully towards the state.
after initial resistance the security forces allowed them to cross madhavpur bridge, less than half of which is in jammu and kashmir, only to arrest them for violating prohibitory orders.
a dozen-odd buses were waiting to ferry the marchers away.
jaitley, swaraj and some other leaders were taken to a hotel.
they will have to be produced before a magistrate in the next 24 hours.
jaitley, who along with swaraj was sent to punjab last night from jammu airport, said before the arrest that bjp workers were determined to hoist the flag at lal chowk.
for the first time in independent india, people who have the tricolour in their hands are blamed for violating law and order.
this is a psychological surrender before separatists, he said.
swaraj added that she was very angry at the way they were treated by the government.
we wanted to take on the separatists.
what sin have we committed?
we told them that we dont need security and are not afraid to get killed, she said.
but omar dismissed the yatra as political gimmickry and asked why the bjp had never felt the need to hoist the national flag at lal chowk when it was in power.
the bjp is utilising an abnormal situation in the valley to thrive upon and carry forward its agenda of divisive policy for votebank politics and petty political gains.
we are not in a normal situation.
we have to be cautious and careful .
a single spark could put the entire house on fire, he said.
following the arrests, lakhanpur was back to normal and attention shifted to srinagar, where separatists plan to hoist their own flags.
jammu and kashmir liberation front chairman yasin malik and other leaders have gone into hiding as police conducted raids to arrest them.
bjp leaders claimed that hundreds of party workers had reached srinagar.
youth wing bhartiya janata yuva morcha president anurag thakur, who was leading todays march, said his workers would unfurl the tricolor at all costs on republic day at lal chowk.
the government has closed jawahar tunnel, which connects jammu with kashmir, to prevent any bjp supporter from entering valley.
union home minister p. chidambaram asked the bjp not to defy the state governments orders.
the bjp leaders should respect the orders passed by the state government.
it would be most unfortunate if the bjp leaders defy the restrictions placed by the state government or deliberately cause a breach of the peace.
there is no justification whatsoever to push a political agenda that will certainly affect peace and law and order in the state of jammu and kashmir, he said in delhi.
shillong, nov.
14: an indian air force helicopter carrying union external affairs and overseas affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her deputy gen.
(retd) v.k. singh today failed to land in meghalaya, compelling her to put off the scheduled visit for inaugurating the passport seva kendra here.
swaraj was to inaugurate the much-awaited passport office at noon and thereafter address a function arranged at the state convention centre here.
since the union minister could not make it, chief minister mukul sangma inaugurated the passport office in the presence of some officials from the ministry of external affairs.
the helicopter (mi-17) of the iaf ferrying the union ministers took off from lokpriya gopinath bordoloi international airport in guwahati and was to land at the helipad (advance landing ground) in upper shillong near here around 11.
15am, an official said.
because of bad weather, which caused poor visibility, the helicopter could not land and had to return to guwahati and landed there safely, east khasi hills deputy commissioner sanjay goyal said.
in fact, the state government had geared up for the inauguration of the passport office by swaraj.
security was also beefed up in view of the union ministers visit.
the passport seva kendra, which is at lachumiere near the u tirot sing indoor stadium here, was constructed with the support from the state government while the centre contributed around rs 30 lakh to the project.
new delhi, june 30: china today accused the us of disregard for facts after a senior american official in new delhi yesterday said that beijing must be held accountable for its objections to india's bid to join the nuclear suppliers group.
the chinese foreign ministry also said it was deeply unhappy with us undersecretary of state tom shannon's comment that beijing's increasing assertiveness in the south china sea was madness.
china had insisted that india sign the non-proliferation treaty (npt) before it is admitted as a member of the 48-nation nsg at a plenary of the nuclear exports club in seoul last week.
shannon had made the comments while addressing young indian diplomats at the foreign service institute here, leaving several veteran indian diplomats uneasy about the use of indian soil for the strong comments directed at china.
we understand that in a consensus-based organisation, one country can break consensus.
but in order to do so it must be accountable, not isolated, the us official had said.
today, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hong lei said: the us official who made the nsg remarks has disregard for facts.
the specific issue of india's membership was not on the agenda of the seoul plenary of the nsg.
hong also made clear that china was in no mood to change its position, in a statement aimed at both india - which sought an exemption from nsg rules to gain membership without signing the npt - and the us, which is lobbying on india's behalf.
no country should set its own rules that are opposed to the international norm, he said.
the tensions between india and china over new delhi's bid for nsg membership received a fresh spark later in the afternoon when foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj questioned beijing's attitude to terrorism.
china has stalled requests by india to a un panel to list jaish-e-mohammed chief masood azhar and lashkar-e-toiba leader zaki-ur rehman lakhvi as terrorists, citing procedural objections.
india has pointed out that the lashkar and the jaish are both listed as terror organisations by the un, and has argued that not listing their leaders is anachronistic.
this should be done without any differentiation of a 'good' or 'bad' terrorist.
a terrorist is a terrorist, and is someone who is acting against humanity as a whole.
us president barack obama orders barbecue at a restaurant in kansas city.
(ap) new delhi, july 30: us secretary of state john kerry landed here today for what new delhi and washington call a strategic dialogue, but economic niggles over subjects ranging from nuclear energy to chicken legs threaten to trip efforts to rekindle a relationship many argue is stagnating.
accompanied by us commerce secretary penny pritzker, kerry will meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and officials from multiple indian ministries tomorrow afternoon for almost four hours of talks that are the centrepiece of his visit.
in the morning, kerry will meet national security adviser ajit doval and defence and finance minister arun jaitley, and later in the evening, will meet sushmaswaraj again over dinner before visiting prime minister narendra modi at his residence on friday morning.
but kerry sent a clear signal of us priorities on this trip within two hours of touching down here, meeting leaders of indian industry over dinner before any of his engagements with the indian government.
expanding bilateral trade and ironing out our economic differences is the single biggest priority in our view, a us official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
that will be the focus, because if we can get that going, other strategic areas will be easier to negotiate.
kerry, in his conversations with sushmaswaraj , jaitley and doval, is expected to discuss the political crisis in afghanistan where two presidential candidates are locked in an electoral counting dispute, tensions in east asia, the war in gaza and possibly the wests confrontation with russia over ukraine.
sushma is also expected to articulate to kerry what foreign ministry spokesperson and joint secretary syed akbaruddin today called considerable disquiet in india over allegations of us intelligence agencies spying on the indian embassy in washington and on the bjp.
officials from both nations will begin fine-tuning plans for modis visit to the white house on september 30.
but economic ties will underpin each of these meetings.
if indias government delivers on its plans to support greater space for private initiative, if it creates greater openness for capital flows, if it limits subsidies that stifle competition, if it provides strong intellectual property rights, believe me, even more american companies will come to india, kerry said, addressing a washington thinktank on the eve of his departure to india.
they may even race to india.
and with a clear and ambitious agenda, we can absolutely help create those conditions.
kerry, in his meeting with jaitley, is expected to press the defence minister for indications of the kind of major weapons and armed vehicle purchases the indian military is interested in, and argue for american firms that are keen to sell these to india.
india, in the dying months of the upa government, confirmed that it would purchase howitzer guns from the us, but jaitleys decision to lift the foreign direct investment limit in defence to 49 per cent has left american and other foreign firms salivating.
the foreign office is also preparing for talks on a standoff over indias nuclear liability law that has effectively stalled business here for american nuclear firms despite the indo-us nuclear deal of 2005.
nuclear equipment vendor westinghouse last year inked a preliminary pact with the nuclear power corporation of india limited to set up a nuclear power complex in gujarat.
but the american firm has refused to sign a final contract because the us argues indias liability law exposes suppliers of equipment to unreasonable risks.
kerrys deputy in the us department of state, william burns, had articulated these concerns when he met modi earlier this month.
burns later said modi, chief minister of gujarat till this may, was aware of americas concerns over the proposed nuclear plant in that state.
chicken will figure too.
the us, where chicken legs are less popular than breasts, has been keen to sell chicken legs to india, where theyre liked.
but india is enforcing a 100 per cent import tariff on cut chicken and 30 per cent tariff on uncut, whole chicken.
pritzker is expected to ask india to lower import duties on chicken legs  a move the indian ministry of external affairs is not averse to, but that the commerce ministry has so far opposed.
indian basmati and fruits, officials argue, face similarly high import duties while entering the us.
indias refusal to agree to a key world trade organisation pact on trade facilitation will also be a key component of the talks, officials indicated.
senior officials of the barack obama administration have over the past fortnight twice deposed before us congressional committees on india-us relations under modi.
assistant secretary of state nisha desai biswal and deputy assistant secretary of commerce arun kumar, the obama administration officials, on each occasion underlined their hope for stronger economic convergence with the new indian government than the us had with the earlier manmohan singh government.
kerry, in his washington statement yesterday, echoed them.
india has a decision to make about where it fits in the global trading system, kerry said yesterday.
indias willingness to support a rules-based trading order and fulfil its obligations will help to welcome greater investment from the united states and from elsewhere around the world.
the safe return of the nurses from tikrit is cause for great relief and occasion for acknowledging that the indian government has visibly done its best.
it would have been distinctly better had the nurses and the indian workers still held by the militants of the islamic state of iraq and syria been evacuated earlier, as soon as the advance of the isis seemed unavoidable.
but just because that delay cannot be undone, the efforts of the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, of indian embassy officials in iraq and of the officials of that country as well should not be undervalued.
given the not too proud history of indias rescue of its citizens caught in conflict situations, as earlier in kuwait or libya, the return of the nurses is a remarkable feat.
this, however, should not be the exception but the rule.
the indian government should be alert to the predicament of its citizens compelled to go and work in difficult terrains because of the lack of jobs in their own land.
they are most in need of a fast response from their home country in times of trouble.
since there has been no abatement in militancy in the world, perhaps indian embassies abroad should be sensitized afresh to the dangers faced by overseas indian workers, and expert negotiators kept ready in case of emergencies.
the situation in iraq and the successful release of the nurses may be have given the new indian government an opportunity to hone its policies and strategies in this direction.
the opportunity is especially telling because the return of the nurses is shadowed by the failure to free other workers.
as some families rejoice in kerala, others wait in agony, mostly in punjab and haryana.
the fact that there was a kind of track two diplomacy going on behind the official efforts may provide a clue for later strategy.
the widespread malayali expatriate community in the gulf region helped with immediate contacts and pressures on the spot for the nurses release.
so even if coincidental, the states presence helped.
it may be argued that while new delhi should be proactive in helping indian citizens wherever they are caught in conflict situations, the respective states too could keep an eye on where their inhabitants were going to work in large numbers.
getting a network of contacts in place beforehand is always useful.
now, however, the focus of the governments efforts should be on the release of the workers still stuck in mosul.
the principal secretary in the education department will have to appear before a high court bench on august 5 and state why all junior schools aided or run by the state have not yet recruited special educators for physically disabled students.
the order for the principal secretary's appearance was passed on friday by the division bench of chief justice manjula chellur and justice arijit banerjee, following a public interest litigation by imtiaz ahmed, an advocate of the high court.
the supreme court had in 2001 ruled that at least three per cent seats in each class in junior schools had to be reserved for physically disabled students.
in 2013, the rehabilitation council of india had recommended that each junior school recruit at least one special educator for the disabled students.
moving the petition on behalf of ahmed, advocate anindya sunder das said: my client wants the court's intervention in the matter.
almost all schools are now reserving seats for physically disabled students.
but the government is not sanctioning posts for special educators.
chief justice chellur asked lawyer tapan mukherjee, who was representing the state, to clarify the government's stand on the matter.
mukherjee failed to do, prompting the bench to pass the order asking for the principal secretary's appearance.
judith brother the brother of judith d'souza, the aid worker from calcutta who was abducted in afghanistan on june 9, met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday.
the minister spoke at length about india's effort to track down judith.
she has not given us a deadline or outlined a definitive plan, jerome d'souza said.
he said foreign ministry officials and judith's colleagues at the aga khan development network have been in touch with his parents.
my parents are trying their best to cope (with the crisis).
but now they are getting desperate, jerome said.
body found sudip saha podder, 37, was found lying in a pool of blood in the office of a jewellery store on college street around 11.
40am on friday.
he was taken to a local hospital, where he was declared dead.
police said a suicide note was found.
devyani khobragade new delhi, dec.
20: her television interviews violated service rules.
but it was an act of near rebellion by devyani khobragade last week that sealed the foreign office decision on thursday to strip the diplomat of her duties, almost exactly a year after her arrest in new york had pushed india-us ties to the brink.
khobragade, suspended and placed on what is known as compulsory wait, will continue to receive her salary but can't report for work and will not have access to official documents till her suspension is lifted.
officially, the external affairs ministry suspended her because she made a flurry of statements over the past two weeks, mainly to the television media, something diplomats and bureaucrats are not allowed to do without securing clearances.
but multiple senior officials have confirmed that the foreign office also concluded that the 40-year-old might try to embarrass india ahead of and during us president barack obama's visit next month.
those fears within the foreign office, the officials hinted to this correspondent, were influential in determining the timing of the government's decision to formally distance itself from khobragade.
there's a sense she can't be trusted not to try and use president obama's visit to thrust her humiliation last year back into public attention, a diplomat who admitted he too had supported khobragade last year said.
if she does, the government wants to be clear she isn't speaking for india.
not any more.
khobragade's media interviews, where she projected herself as a continuing victim long after the foreign office had pulled her out of the us in january to the safety of india, had triggered an internal inquiry against her.
the diplomat, who was posted here as a director at the development partnership administration -- the foreign aid arm of the external affairs ministry - is also under investigation for failing to disclose that her daughters held both indian and us citizenship.
the cbi is separately probing charges that she and her father uttam khobragade, a retired maharashtra bureaucrat, illegally bought an apartment meant for defence personnel at the adarsh complex in mumbai.
but it was an email that khobragade had sent to her colleagues last weekend that pressed the foreign office into acting against her without waiting any longer.
the email had asked her fellow indian foreign service officers to pressure the government to include the new york case against her in the political dialogue between india and the us during obama's visit.
the foreign office viewed the email as a direct, unambiguous attempt to pressure the indian government and as a possible threat that khobragade intended to use obama's visit to highlight the charges pending against her in the us.
you cannot have an officer trying to personally influence the government's agenda with a key ally like the us, not through official channels but on her own, another official aware of the government's concerns about khobragade said.
that is simply not on, and a cause for concern.
early this week, foreign secretary sujatha singh had informally decided, in consultation with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the prime minister's office, to suspend her.
the formal order was passed on thursday, two officials said -- just over a month before obama arrives, and almost exactly a year after khobragade first leaped into national limelight.
the story of khobragade's emergence as a symbol of indian grievances against the us and her subsequent fall mirrors the dramatic shift in india-us relations over the past year.
on december 20 last year, the foreign office was demanding an explanation from the us state department for khobragade's arrest on charges that she had lied on oath while procuring a visa for an indian nanny whom she then allegedly paid less than minimum wages.
days earlier, cranes had dragged away the barricades that had blocked the street in front of the us embassy here for more than a decade.
within another week, india would withdraw from american diplomats certain key privileges, their culture hub and a club.
till march, senior american officials keen to visit were advised to stay away because no indian official would be willing to meet them.
the mood changed when the us withdrew its ambassador to new delhi, nancy powell, at the end of march.
many indian officials had blamed powell for the continuing chill in ties.
over the following months, some of the withdrawn diplomatic privileges were returned, such as the licence to screen films at the american center.
a series of us officials have visited india since the narendra modi government came to power in late may.
in january, obama will become the first us president to visit new delhi twice, and also the only american president to be chief guest at the country's republic day.
repeated attempts to contact devyani's father over the phone failed.
but a news channel quoted the retired bureaucrat as defending his daughter's right to issue media statements.
her right to speak is guaranteed under the constitution, uttam khobragade said.
i have full faith in the government.
i am sure it will take every step to safeguard the dignity and right of the citizen.
it had done so earlier too, and now also it will take up the issue with the us government.
he indicated that he expected prime minister modi to discuss devyani's case during obama's visit.
chidambaram with bank officials in pune on saturday.
(pti) pune, nov.
24: finance minister p. chidambaram today said mergers were inevitable in banking with domestic lenders growing in size and seeking new business models.
i know there is pride and identity, but ultimately some consolidation would have to take place in the banking system in this country, chidambaram said at the annual banking summit bancon 2012 here today.
asking banks not to fear consolidation, the finance minister said there was a need to create at least a couple of world-sized banks if india wanted to be among the three largest economies globally.
there have been only a few instances of bank mergers so far  the state bank of india had merged two of its associate banks with itself.
soon after chidambarams comments, sbi chairman pratip chaudhuri said the countrys largest lender was open to further amalgamation of its subsidiaries with itself.
the finance minister called upon senior bankers to develop business models different from each other.
there is an unintended tendency to stress on uniformity.
i dont think one bank should be a clone of another bank.
it will be a tragedy if we get 19 clones in this country.
the goals may be common but the method to achieve that must be different, he said.
subsidy transfer the government will launch an ambitious programme under which pensions, scholarships and subsidies will be directly transferred to the bank accounts of beneficiaries from january 1, the finance minister said.
the scheme, based on the aadhaar-enabled mechanism, will cover 51 districts in 15 states.
the centre aims to complete the rollout in all 600 districts by the end of the next calendar year.
spectrum auction chidambaram also expressed optimism that the government would be able to raise the targeted rs 40,000 crore from the auction of 2g spectrum.
the recent auction of 2g spectrum met with a tepid response, raising less than rs 10,000 crore and prompting critics to put the blame on the high base price.
the auction is not a one-stage process.
there will be a second and maybe a third auction.
it is only when the process is completed that we will know whether we have reached a target or not.
we are confident of achieving the target of rs 40,000 crore, chidambaram said on the sidelines of bancon 2012.
the finance minister is also hopeful that crucial economic bills awaiting parliaments approval will be cleared once the differences over fdi in retail are resolved.
i had a meeting with sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley yesterday.
at the moment, they are stuck on one issue  they want a debate on fdi in retail that ends with a vote.
that issue has yet to be resolved and once it is resolved, the chances of the bills proposed by the ministry of finance being passed are very bright, he said.
chidambaram reiterated his earlier position that the reserve bank of india must start issuing new bank licences even as amendments in the banking regulation act await parliaments approval.
the powers that the rbi wants are already there with it.
it is in their power to grant banking licences.
what the banking act does is that it formalises the powers and brings them together, he said.
new delhi, july 31: us secretary of state john kerry tried some last-minute fire-fighting to get india on board for a wto deal in geneva during his meetings here today with indian finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
we do not dismiss the concerns of india we believe there is a way to provide for that.
a compromise between the two objectives is achievable, said kerry at the same press meet.
kerry is hopeful that differences between india and much of the rest of the world over a major trade agreement will be resolved in time, with only hours remaining before the deal has to be signed.
we are obviously encouraging our friends in india to try to find a path here where there is a compromise that meets both needs, and we think thats achievable.
we hope that its achievable, he said.
but he had earlier warned his hosts that they stood to lose if they refused to budge.
right now india has a four-year window where its been given a safe harbour where nothing happens, he told a new channel.
if they dont sign up and be part of the agreement, they will lose that and then (they will) be out of line or out of the compliance with the wto.
however, new delhi has insisted that, in exchange for signing the trade facilitation agreement, it must see more progress on a parallel pact giving it more freedom to subsidise and stockpile foodgrain than is allowed by world trade organisation rules.
diplomats have been taken aback by indias threat to veto trade facilitation, a deal that aims to speed up trade by standardising customs rules and slashing red-tape.
i am an optimist, i am hopeful that within the period of today.
.
.
there is a common ground that is found, us commerce secretary penny pritzker, accompanying kerry at annual talks with india, told a news channel.
deal without india?
in geneva, european diplomats have revealed to the media that the us and the eu may go ahead with a deal minus india, claiming that a dozen or so states were working on this deal.
if india does end up blocking (on thursday) there is already a group of members who are interested in pursuing that path, a source involved in the discussions told reuters.
a dozen or so of the wtos 160 members had informally discussed pushing ahead with the trade facilitation agreement with less than 100 per cent participation, the source said.
it will be a case of who blinks first and if they dont blink, then it will become a test of unity for brics countries in standing fast to a negotiating principle they had agreed upon at meetings held before this trade summit, said top indian finance ministry officials.
diplomats say india could technically trigger a trade dispute if it caused the deal to collapse, although nobody wanted to threaten legal action at this stage.
pritzker said serious efforts were underway on thursday to save the deal, which proponents say could add $1 trillion to the global economy and create 21 million jobs.
as officials in geneva tried to rescue the agreement, indias trade minister nirmala sitharaman said new delhis position remained unchanged.
there will have to be some sort of face-saving outcome for them if were going to go forward, or the us and others will have to paper over their differences, said a diplomat in geneva.
in any event the midnight deadline is very very tight.
an indian government source told reuters separately that the bali deal needed not collapse even if the july 31 deadline is not met.
finance ministry officials said any compromise that did not give a concrete assurance and timeline on food security for the developing world would be unacceptable.
india will expect china, russia and brazil to deliver on promises on this count, said officials.
at stake is indias food security programme that gives cheap food to poor families.
many other developing countries such as bangladesh and central african nations have been planning similar programmes and these would be hard hit if the us-eu combine manages to keep such food schemes beyond the pale of wto rules.
indian officials said the peace clause signed in bali last december gave india and similar developing nations food security plans a temporary reprieve but could make them illegal at a later date.
villagers from ramji tola at nauhatta block in saharsa cross a flooded road last tuesday.
telegraph picture patna, aug.
7: the state government is in no mood to give any credit to the centre for its role in convincing nepal to go slow on water release in the kosi to avert rerun of the 2008 catastrophe.
water resources minister vijay kumar choudhary today refuted the centres claim for averting the calamity and said delhi made a mockery of the devastating situation, which bihar faced in the past few days.
the comment by external affair minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is not only surprising but also worrisome.
it shows that the centre simply does not understand the severe problem faced by bihar.
how does delhi deal this issue so lightly?
said choudhary.
however, choudhary added: sushmaswaraj has made a mockery of the devastating situation which bihar faced by giving the unnecessary credit to the prime minister.
her comment that there will be no flood this time in bihar is more shocking.
can the centre give us guarantee and to the people of bihar that the kosi natural crisis is over?
she had also said since the artificial lake on the kosi was created at the time modi was in nepal, the officials in the himalayan nation carried out a controlled explosion and drained out the water.
the 2008 kosi disaster led to political outrage when nitish kumar, who was chief minister then, had returned a cheque of rs 5 crore in 2010 from his then gujarat counterpart narendra modi.
when modi visited bihar to campaign for the 2014 lok sabha elections, he had sought an apology from nitish for insulting the people of gujarat by returning the rs 5-crore cheque given to the 2008 kosi flood relief fund.
choudhary added that sushmaswaraj has come out with such comment to cover modi, who hardly took any concrete steps on the flood issue during his nepal visit.
the people here were expecting that the prime minister will initiate a positive talk with nepal to end the curse of flood in bihar but talk on this issue did not take place.
he preferred talking about the pancheshwar project which will help uttarakhand and uttar pradesh.
but he forgot talking about the long-pending demand of construction of dams on upper reaches of the kosi in barah, he said.
after the flood threat, the bihar government with the help of national disaster response force and state disaster response force evacuated nearly 1.
4 lakh people from the nine affected districts.
choudhary also said next time when any talks are held with nepal, the bihar government should also be invited so that they can convey their side as well.
interestingly, chief secretary anjani kumar singh yesterday thanked union cabinet secretary ajit seth through a letter and expressed his gratitude to the national crisis management committee for extending all possible assistance to the state in tackling the flood situation.
the committee is headed by seth.
our special correspondentsnug hug: prime minister narendra modi hugs his israeli counterpart benjamin netanyahu as netanyahus wife sara looks on.
the opposition congress was ready with its ammunition in anticipation of the now-familiar hugs.
with israeli pm benjamin netanyahu visiting india, we look forward to more hugs from pm modi!
#hugplomacy, the congress tweeted.
accompanying the tweet was a video of some of modis hugs and some missteps with the message: its official.
modi is awkward, especially around foreign leaders.
his hugs are even more awkward.
picture by prem singhnew delhi: israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu arrived here on sunday on a six-day, three-city tour and was instantly enveloped by his counterpart in a bear hug, becoming the sixth visitor to receive a tarmac welcome from narendra modi.
the premiers, whose bromance was evident during modi's israel visit last summer, approached each other with outstretched arms.
thank you to my good friend, indian prime minister @narendramodi, who surprised me with a personal welcome at the airport upon my arrival in india, netanyahu later posted, along with a 43-second video of the welcome.
from the airport, the two drove to teen murti memorial to preside over the civic body's renaming of the roundabout where it is located as teen murti haifa chowk.
the british-built memorial salutes the hyderabad, jodhpur and mysore lancers who helped the allies liberate haifa - now an israeli city - during world war i while sacrificing 44 indian lives.
the civic body had wanted to rename the roundabout ahead of modi's israel trip last year but it could not be done in time.
netanyahu's visit to mark 25 years of diplomatic ties was seen as an apt occasion for the event.
it's the 100th anniversary of the end of wwi, modi wrote in the visitors' book at the memorial in gujarati.
many golden pages about the sacrifices by brave indians are written in the history of both world wars.
one of these pages was written at haifa.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj later met netanyahu and had delegation-level talks with the visitors.
netanyahu told her: it's a dream come true to be here.
i say our partnership is a match made in heaven and consecrated on earth.
mirage 2000 of the iaf.
ministry of defence websiteindia is believed to have carried out an airstrike inside pakistan early on tuesday and targeted terror camps, sources said.
the strikes, involving several fighter jets of the indian air force, successfully destroyed camps belonging to pakistan-based terror outfits in balakot in khyber pakhtunkhwa province, the sources told pti.
the extent of the damage inflicted on the ground is not immediately known.
pakistan's military spokesperson tweeted that indian aircraft crossed into pakistan on tuesday and carried out an airstrike but said there were no casualties from the attack.
major.
gen asif ghafoor said the indian aircrafts crossed into the pakistan-controlled muzafarabad sector of kashmir.
he added that pakistan scrambled fighter jets and before turning back, the indian jets they released payload in haste, near balakot, on the edge of pakistani-ruled kashmir.
indian aircrafts intrusion across loc in muzafarabad sector within aj&k was 3-4 miles.
under forced hasty withdrawal aircrafts released payload which had free fall in open area.
no infrastructure got hit, no casualties.
technical details and other important information to follow.
maj gen asif ghafoor (@officialdgispr) february 26, 2019payload of hastily escaping indian aircrafts fell in open.
pic.
twitter.com/8drytngmsm  maj gen asif ghafoor (@officialdgispr) february 26, 2019the development comes amid heightened tension between india and pakistan after the february 14 suicide attack by the pakistan-based jaish-e-mohammad terror group that killed 40 crpf soldiers in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district.
congress president rahul gandhi and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal have praised the pilots of the indian air force after the reported airstrike.
i salute the pilots of the iaf.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) february 26, 2019i salute the bravery of indian air force pilots who have made us proud by striking terror targets in pakistan  arvind kejriwal (@arvindkejriwal) february 26, 2019the congress twitter handle, too, was full of praise.
we salute the @iaf_mcc for their consistent & determined effort to keep indians safe.
jai hind.
https://t.
co/rmfhqnlwh4  congress (@incindia) february 26, 2019the cabinet committee on security met in new delhi on tuesday morning at the residence of prime minister narendra modi.
finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and defence minister nirmala sitharaman were present at the meeting.
national security adviser ajit doval and other top officials of the prime minister's office and the security apparatus were also there, official sources said.
foreign secretary vijay gokhale will hold a news conference at 11am on tuesday.
new delhi, aug.
25: the bjp today rooted for anna hazares version of the lokpal bill, two days after it distanced itself from the draft, the somersault coming in a letter the partys president wrote to the fasting activist.
we have always been and are for a strong lokpal, nitin gadkari said in his letter.
for that to happen, (the) bjp accepts your jan lokpal bill to be the basis for a strong and effective lokpal to be put in place at the earliest without getting into procedural wrangles.
the letter was written and despatched this evening by gadkaris colleagues jagat nadda and vinay sahasthrabuddhe hours after hazare associate arvind kejriwal had publicly challenged the bjp to spell out its stand on the jan lokpal bill.
a meeting of the bjps core committee that gadkari chaired tonight placed its stamp of approval on his jan lokpal pitch.
l.k. advani, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley were among those who attended the meeting.
our demand is firstly the government should drop its lokpal bill, spokesperson ravi shankar prasad said.
the bill that replaces it should reflect the general premises and sentiments of the jan lokpal bill.
bolstered by the bjps turnaround, hazares associates kejriwal, prashant bhushan and kiran bedi called on the bjp leaders late tonight at advanis residence.
sources said they expected to be reassured that the bjp would not veer from the stand it fashioned today when the lokpal issue is debated in parliament tomorrow.
the sources cited several reasons for gadkaris somersault.
they said he was pressured by the rss and a section of the bjp to take a more strident stand on hazares fast after leaders like yashwant sinha and shatrughan sinha voiced concerns over the party yielding its political turf to civil society for want of clarity on the issue.
the sangh and the bjp dissenters, the sources said, felt that the parliamentary strategists were going soft on the government.
a national executive member, close to the rss, said he was unhappy with lok sabha opposition leader sushmaswaraj readily associating the bjp with the prime ministers statement on the hazare episode this morning.
he wondered why the usually combative sushmaswaraj allowed manmohan singh to get away with his dare to the bjp to nail him on personal corruption.
nobody from our party suggested he was under a cloud.
but as the upa governments watchman, he slept through the 2g, cwg and other big scams and this point was not made by sushmaswaraj , he said.
it is learnt that when hazare brought up the bjps fuzziness with gadkaris colleagues, he was told that sushmas brief address at the all-party meeting singh had convened yesterday was in sync with the partys stand of supporting the jan lokpal bill.
gadkaris letter said sushmaswaraj had demanded that the government withdraw its lokpal bill and supplant it with a more powerful one.
to reinforce the message of solidarity with hazare, gadkari today floated a new outfit called the yuva vahini, which drew its cadres from the partys youth wing.
the cadres not only replenished the crowd at ramlila maidan but also picketed the prime ministers residence.
the sources, however, conceded that they had fewer differences with the governments version than with the jan lokpal bill.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has requested women and child development minister maneka gandhi to probe the adoption process of three-year-old sherin mathews, whose body was found in a culvert in suburban dallas in the us.
after baby saraswati @ sherin mathews's case, have requested minister for women and child development for a thorough investigation into the adoption process, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
sherin was saraswati before she was adopted from nalanda on june 23, 2016.
bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi on friday spoke to swaraj, urging her to bring changes in the law allowing adoption of indian children by foreigners, and demanded strict punishment for sherin's adoptive father.
nalanda district magistrate s.m. thyagarajan said a three-member committee enquired whether due procedure was followed in the adoption but found nothing amiss.
former norwegian prime minister kjell magne bondevik visited pakistan-occupied kashmir on sunday after a weekend meeting with separatist leaders in the valley, raising questions over whether the surprise tour either side of the border was a mediation effort backed by new delhi.
bondevik, who had negotiated between the sri lankan government and ltte rebels, met top hurriyat leaders in srinagar on friday.
he visited muzaffarabad on sunday where he met pok president masood khan and hurriyat leaders based in pok.
the narendra modi government has been fiercely opposed to any foreign mediation on kashmir as well as talks with pakistan and kashmiri separatists.
former jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah on monday asked foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or national security adviser ajit doval to put bondeviks trip in the correct context.
what are the norwegians up to in kashmir?
omar tweeted.
would either @sushmaswaraj ji or doval ji care to put the visit of the former norwegian pm to both sides of the divided state in the correct context or do we have to rely on rumours & conjecture?
bondevik had on sunday addressed a joint media conference with pok president khan where he expressed concern over growing human rights violations in the valley and called for a peaceful resolution of the kashmir dispute.
khan on monday released pictures of his meeting with the visiting dignitary and the pok administration threw a reception in bondeviks honour at the presidential secretariat in muzaffarabad.
bondevik, whose second term as norways prime minister ended in 2005, now heads the oslo centre for peace and human rights.
a separatist leader in srinagar said a representative of art of living foundation founder sri sri ravi shankar, who is close to the bjp-led government at the centre, accompanied the visiting dignitary on his visit to srinagar on friday.
the meeting took place at hurriyat hawk syed ali shah geelanis residence where moderate hurriyat chairman mirwaiz umar farooq joined them.
the separatist source said it was the first time that any foreign dignitary had been allowed to meet any separatist leader in the four-and-a-half years the bjp has been in power at the centre.
without new delhis approval, it is difficult to hold any such meet.
now that he (bondevik) has gone to azad kashmir (pok), it seems the initiative is backed by both countries, he said.
the mirwaiz had earlier said they had a fruitful meeting with bondevik, adding that norway is known for playing a constructive role in resolving conflicts across the globe.
union minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj, her chinesecounterpart wang yi (r) and russian foreign minister sergey lavrovjoin hands afer the russia-india-china foreign ministerial joint pressconference at jawahar lal nehru bhawan in new delhi on monday.
pictureby prem singhnew delhi, dec.
11 (reuters): russia threw its weight behind china's massive one belt one road plan to build trade and transport links across asia and beyond, suggesting to india on monday that it find a way to work with beijing on the signature project.
india is strongly opposed to an economic corridor that china is building in pakistan that runs through disputed kashmir as part of the belt and road initiative.
india was the only country that stayed away from a may summit hosted by chinese president xi jinping to promote the plan to build railways, ports and power grids in a modern-day recreation of the silk road.
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said new delhi should not let political problems deter it from joining the project, involving billions of dollars of investment, and benefiting from it.
lavrov was speaking here after a three-way meeting with chinese foreign minister wang yi and indian foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at which, he said, india's reservations over the chinese project were discussed.
i know india has problems, we discussed it today, with the concept of one belt and one road, but the specific problem in this regard should not make everything else conditional to resolving political issues, he said.
russia, all the countries in central asia, and european nations had signed up to the chinese project to boost economic cooperation, he said.
those are the facts, he said.
india, i am 100 percent convinced, has enough very smart diplomats and politicians to find a way which would allow you to benefit from this process.
the comments by russia, india's former cold war ally, reflected the differences within the trilateral grouping formed 15 years ago to challenge us-led dominance of global affairs.
but substantial differences between india and china, mainly over long-standing border disputes, have snuffed out prospects of any real cooperation among the three.
india, in addition, has drawn closer to the united states in recent years, buying weapons worth billions of dollars to replace its largely soviet-origin military.
foreign students protest in jalandhar on wednesday against the recent attacks on african nationals in greater noida.
(pti) new delhi, march 30: india today scrambled to contain a brewing diplomatic crisis following a formal protest by nigeria against attacks on its nationals in greater noida, holding meetings, enhancing security and committing justice while also trying to ensure a racist tag doesn't stick to the country.
the foreign ministry here used a series of epithets - criminal, unacceptable, serious, and the action of the uninformed and misguided - to condemn the attacks that began last weekend after a mob raided the home of nigerian students to search for a missing local.
but the foreign office also appealed to potential visitors from african countries, arguing that most indians remained welcoming, and shirking from calling the attacks racist in nature just yet.
the sparks from the attacks - that also included assaults on nigerians near a mall in greater noida - grew into a full-fledged diplomatic fire last evening when the west african nation's top career diplomat summoned india's high commissioner in abuja.
olushola enikanolaiye, permanent secretary in the foreign office - equivalent to the foreign secretary in india - demanded prompt action against the attackers in his meeting with the high commissioner, nagabhushana reddy, officials from both countries confirmed.
enikanolaiye, who before his current position was nigeria's high commissioner in india, also referred to his tenure to highlight to reddy that the attacks were only the latest against nigerian nationals in india, senior officials familiar with the conversation confirmed to this newspaper.
the sharp protest from nigeria, consistently among india's top two crude oil suppliers over the past two years, triggered an escalation in the narendra modi government's efforts to firefight the diplomatic challenge and broader perceptions hurting an unprecedented outreach to africa.
it is clear that such criminal acts are completely unacceptable and have been condemned, foreign ministry spokesperson gopal baglay said.
such acts represent the action of uniformed and misguided few.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had earlier this week spoken with uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath to seek action against those accused of assaulting the nigerian nationals in greater noida.
junior foreign minister m.j. akbar had met officials from nigeria's high commission here.
today, sushmaswaraj iterated a commitment to ensuring an unbiased probe into the attacks.
the foreign ministry, officials said, had also insisted - in direct communication with the district administration of gautam buddha nagar, which includes greater noida - that authorities provide round-the-clock security in neighbourhoods with significant african populations.
such security has been provided, officials said, since the evening of march 28, after a meeting facilitated by the foreign ministry between the district administration, the nigerian high commission and foreign students' associations.
after allegations by a kenyan woman that she was attacked in a cab yesterday, also in greater noida, the foreign office also held two meetings with the country's high commission.
at the second meeting, today, kenyan high commission officials told the foreign ministry they were unsure of the authenticity of the woman's complaint, and that they were withdrawing an fir they had filed on her behalf yesterday.
asked by the telegraph, baglay said the foreign ministry was also working on a broader plan to enhance coordination with african students' groups in india, to try and instil confidence in them.
beyond the law and order aspect of this issue, we have talked to students' unions, asked them to make suggestions, which we will be happy to implement, baglay said.
those who are guests in our country, here for a legitimate purpose and are undertaking activities beneficial to mutual understanding should feel secure.
the foreign office's response to the attacks has been swifter than india's reaction last year after a congolese student-cum-teacher was killed by a group of men in delhi after an argument, multiple african diplomats have told this newspaper.
but the government remains reluctant to label the attacks racist in nature, worried that the tag may carry broader diplomatic implications - though it has adopted a more nuanced approach than last year, when it ruled out even the possibility of bias playing a role in the assaults.
pending investigation, it would be improper for me to comment on the possible motives for the attack, baglay said, speaking about last weekend's assaults.
but they (such attacks) do not detract from the deep belief of the government and people of india of vasudeva kutumbakam (the world is one family).
india, baglay said, would continue to welcome african people as valuable partners.
islamabad: pakistan said on saturday that its high commissioner met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but dismissed as speculative media reports that the two discussed kulbhushan jadhav, the indian naval officer sentenced to death in the neighbouring country on the charges of espionage and terrorism.
while the broad contours of bilateral relations were deliberated on during the interaction (on october 17), no specific case was discussed.
the reports appearing in the indian media are speculative, pakistan foreign office spokesperson nafees zakaria said.
he added the meeting was held in a cordial and constructive atmosphere and that sushmaswaraj and mahmood took stock of the current state of pakistan-india relations.
arnab gangulychandigarh: the 24th name on the official list released by the external affairs ministry of those killed in iraq by the islamic state is that of balbir chand.
but over 24 hours since, his family in punjab's jalandhar is yet to receive any official word.
balbir, a construction worker from selkiana village, had gone to mosul in iraq in search of work in 2011 as a 48-year-old.
so far, we have not received any information, said baljeet singh, a nephew of balbir.
balbir's wife babli visited the district secretariat on tuesday afternoon soon after sushma's announcement flashed across television sets, but there was no information.
two months ago, district officials had contacted the family for dna tests.
samples were collected from balbir's son, hansraj, and two of his brothers, shinderpal singh and haripal singh.
we didn't understand what it was all about and we are still in the dark, baljeet said.
last september, the ministry of external affairs had ordered dna tests to confirm the identities of the bodies found in a mass grave near the iraqi village of badush, about 10km from a construction site from where the 39 men were abducted.
in amritsar's mehta, gurwinder kaur, sister of manjinder singh, another of the 39 men killed, said since the day officials asked for dna samples she had felt something had happened to her brother.
in october, family members of eight of the missing from amritsar were taken to amritsar government medical college for the dna tests.
the family members of jatinder singh too suspected that the centre's assurances might be hollow after they were informed that dna samples needed to be collected.
all these years we were told that they were safe and in a hideout.
in october when some people came to inform us about the dna samples to be collected, we asked why they needed them.
they told us about the bodies, said ranjit kaur, jatinder's mother.
the families of manjinder and jatinder too have not received any official communication from the government after sushma's announcement.
we received a call from the superintendent of police's office saying we must reach the airport by 10am to receive the bodies.
we waited for three hours without any information, said a relative of jasvir singh, one of the victims.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh spoke to junior external affairs minister v.k. singh to enquire about the arrangements being made to bring back the mortal remains to punjab and hand them over to the families.
as many as 27 of the victims are from punjab.
the state government has been paying rs 20,000 a month to each of the victims' kin and we will continue that.
we are also trying to give a job to at least one of the family members of those killed, amarinder said.
india was not outwardly perturbed on saturday at the pakistan-sponsored resolutions on jammu and kashmir adopted at the two-day organisation of islamic cooperation meeting in abu dhabi despite their references to indian terrorism and indian barbarities.
india had for the first time addressed an oic meeting on friday, marking a diplomatic achievement and forcing the pakistani foreign minister to boycott the 46th session of the 57-country groupings council of foreign ministers (cfm).
on saturday, indian diplomats took solace in the absence of any reference to jammu and kashmir in the abu dhabi declaration, describing this as progress since the dhaka declaration of the 45th cfm contained such a mention.
as for the two kashmir-related resolutions, they stressed that they were a regular feature and that their content was mostly a repeat of previous years texts.
pakistan secured the inclusion of a paragraph of appreciation for prime minister imran khans goodwill gesture in releasing a captured indian air force pilot, wing commander abhinandan varthaman, to de-escalate regional tensions.
asked about the kashmir-related resolutions, the crown prince of abu dhabi, mohammed bin zayed al nahyan, sought to downplay the matter by underlining that this was no different from the practice of previous years.
instead, he chose to highlight the significance of indias presence.
the oic has sent a very clear and positive sign to india.
.
.
that the oic appreciates the relationship with india and looks forward to strengthening the relationship to a point where we can embrace india one day in the oic, he said.
he acknowledged that this would not be an easy task, alluding obliquely to pakistan, a founding member of the oic that was represented by an official delegation this time.
i know we are not there yet for obvious reasons but what i can say is that having india as a guest of honour was a historic moment for the oic, he said.
it was a historic moment for india definitely and the language that you are referring to has been in our previous statements.
the crown prince had earlier resisted pakistans efforts to get hosts united arab emirates to withdraw the invite to india.
inviting india to the meeting a month after the first papal visit to a gulf country signals an effort by the uae in particular, and other islamic countries in general, to shed their image of rigidity on religion at a time many of them face the blowback of radicalisation.
the uae is celebrating 2019 as the year of tolerance, and the abu dhabi declaration articulates the oics advocacy of pluralism and its efforts to combat the extremism within by acknowledging the link between extremist ideologies and terrorism.
reacting to the kashmir resolutions, the external affairs ministry spokesperson too chose to focus on the uaes gesture of offering guest of honour status to minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he added that jammu and kashmir was an integral part of india and a matter internal to india.
the pakistan-sponsored jammu and kashmir resolutions condemned the intensified indian barbarities since 2016 in the state and the arrest of the hurriyat leadership, and termed kashmir the core issue between india and pakistan.
the cfm regularly adopts two resolutions related to kashmir, one on the dispute and another on the peace process between india and pakistan, and always refers to india as an occupation force.
the resolutions have gone a step further this time and spoken of indian terrorism in occupied j&k, but indian diplomats said they had anticipated this keeping in mind the prevailing circumstances.
new delhi, sept.
8: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj today pitched her governments tough articulation of indian interests with the us, pakistan and china as a leitmotif marking a difference with the previous congress administration, choosing words rare in new delhis recent diplomatic history.
but sushmaswaraj , in her first interaction with journalists more than three months after taking over, also left enough wiggle room for bonhomie in the not-too-distant future with the three nations that most occupy indias foreign policy mind-space.
asked whether prime minister narendra modis scheduled meeting on september 30 with barack obama would mark a departure in indias diplomatic approach towards washington, sushmaswaraj picked words unusual for a major, upcoming visit.
and that will make all the difference.
before that, sushmaswaraj detailed the tough stance the modi government had already taken with the us, pakistan and china, but said she expected to succeed in striking pacts with these countries that would help them and india.
there is never any full stop in diplomacy, she said.
the foreign minister is known for reticence with the news media, compared to some of her other party and cabinet colleagues, and is famous for only talking to journalists on record.
today, sushmaswaraj highlighted what she insisted were the key achievements of modi and the foreign office in indias engagement with the world.
modis invitation to the leaders of the south asian association for regional co-operation (saarc) for his swearing-in, and his subsequent visits to bhutan and nepal helped shore up indias dignity in the region and the world, the foreign minister said.
the government, by evacuating indians trapped in iraq, libya and ukraine, had demonstrated its sensitive face, and had also tried to expand indias engagement with latin america and africa.
india has invited all 54 african nations for the india-africa summit in early december, though it is unclear how many heads of government will visit  only 17 nations participated at the last edition in addis ababa in 2011.
theres no change in our policy, we will try and implement these agreements in a way that suits indias interests best.
ahead of modis visit to the us, sushmaswaraj laid out clear goalposts she insisted india would not shift on.
we will make that clear to obama as well, she said.
several influential lawmakers in us congress have also become increasingly vocal in their criticism of the law, and are questioning americas gains from its landmark 2008 deal with india that allowed new delhi unique access to the worlds nuclear trade market without inking non-proliferation treaties.
when secretary (john) kerry came to india, i told him firmly, you call us a friend but you also spy on us.
silchar, july 27: police today recorded the statement of afaz uddin laskar, who accused an imam of trying to send him to syria to join the islamic state (is).
laskar, a resident of berenga near this town, yesterday filed a case before the court of the chief judicial magistrate here, making some sensational allegations against maqbul hussain choudhury, an imam of a mosque here.
cachar superintendent of police rajveer singh today said they had recorded the statement of laskar.
he added that the police would soon interrogate choudhury, who was temporarily suspended by the mudharbond dargah masjid.
sources said a team of police personnel visited the residence of choudhury at berenga here this evening but did not find him and his family members there.
their house was found locked, the sources added.
laskar had alleged that choudhury had sent him to saudi arabia with the promise of a driver's job.
after landing there, he was asked to drive a 22-wheeler vehicle, but he refused as he had never driven any heavy vehicle.
later, he was sent to another man - ibadur - who happened to be a resident of karimganj and stays in saudi arabia.
laskar said ibadur initially locked him up in a room.
he alleged that ibadur had pressurised him to join a camp of the islamic states (is) in syria and when he refused, he was subjected to harassment.
laskar, who did not have a local sim card, informed his family members via whatsapp, as the building in which he was locked up had wifi facility.
his family members then approached silchar mp sushmita dev, who took up the matter with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
laskar returned home on july 19 following the intervention of union ministry of external affairs.
singh said they were also trying to locate the residence of ibadur in karimganj and trying to get in touch with him.
laskar's father jamal uddin, headmaster of rabidaspara mv school at berenga, thanked sushmita and swaraj for their efforts to bring his son back home.
prasun chaudhurijagannath ghosh.
pic: prasun chaudhurian elderly man is bending over an open-shelf bookcase, muttering something as he sifts through a stack of hardbound volumes.
finally, he heaves one out and as he starts to flip through it, you can see every page is filled with neatly pasted newspaper cuttings.
one quick glance and he snaps it shut and starts to hold forth in his ancient quivering voice.
the person in question - the same he has just looked up - had exposed a fraud sadhu and his apprentice who used hypnosis to dupe hundreds of people.
as did anton mesmer in 18th century europe, says the grand elder with flourish.
this is a fond scene from satyajit ray's 1974 film, sonar kella.
feluda, the sleuth, is working on a case and is consulting his know-it-all uncle, sidhu jetha.
it is all fiction, everything, except sidhu jetha.
ray, apparently, based this character on nirmal chandra kumar, bibliophile and owner of a shop that sells rare books near central calcutta's entally area.
nirmal chandra did not have fancy degrees, but no academic could rival his vast knowledge.
his son, aloke kumar, a professor of communications at calcutta university, says, people called my father a human encyclopaedia, but he was actually an antiquarian.
he lived in the world of books and was thoroughly engrossed in them.
chittaranjan dasgupta.
pic: prasun chaudhuriray was introduced to nirmal chandra by radha prasad gupta, another bibliophile with encyclopaedic knowledge of colonial india.
according to aloke, his father even aided ray in his two-decade-long research for the film shatranj ke khilari.
he fished out rare books, maps, manuscripts and even bought an englishman's scrapbook on the revolt of 1857 from a sotheby's auction for ray.
nirmal chandra passed away in 1976, but calcutta is still home to some human encyclopaedias, or so one has heard.
we don't have an address for naku babu aka sushil kumar chatterjee.
all we know is that he is a sound designer, thinker and collector extraordinaire who lives in the shyambazar area.
we ask for directions to his house.
just mention my name and they'll show you, naku babu says over the phone.
there is no hint of a boast in his voice.
he is stating facts.
the house is somewhere deep inside the guts of shyamchand mitra lane.
as we cross the courtyard and climb up the dark staircase, sounds of a kaler gaan or phonograph begin to float down from the first floor.
the 10x15 feet room where naku babu lives and works is filled with antiquities - an indigo planter's calling bell, century-old shellac records, a 16mm made-in-germany sound projector from 1948.
the 95-year-old is dressed in a dhoti and vest.
he has on a pair of large brown-rimmed glasses and a pleasant smile.
i am not a collector.
i didn't chase to get these; they found me, he says.
sushil kumar chatterjee.
pic: prasun chaudhuria friend has sent over a vinyl record that morning.
i'll play it for you.
can you identify the voice, he asks.
turns out to be subhas bose addressing a rally after quitting the congress in 1939.
naku babu gets talking about the political scenario then and the background of the speech.
the adda then veers to his expeditions across india on a bmw bike, shifts to the musical instruments of the tribals in the chhotanagpur plateau, and then to his collection of folk songs.
my first collections were pebbles from the woods of singbhum in present-day jharkhand, where we used to travel to when i was a child.
i'd met the author bibhutibhusan bandyopa- dhyay during those tours, he reminisces.
naku babu is more than happy to find a keen and engaged listener.
in his excitement, he jumps domains with the ease and expertise of phantom, even as his audience struggles to keep up.
but how did he come to accumulate such varied knowledge?
it all began with sound, he says.
elder brother sishir kumar bought him a radiogram - which is a combined radio receiver and record player - while he was still in school.
naku babu started collecting microphones, amplifiers and sound boxes, and eventually turned sound engineer.
in his professional capacity, he started making amplifiers and setting up audio systems in movie halls.
his association with movies and its makers brought him in close touch with the film industry - yes, naku babu has even acted in movies and telefilms.
a lot of researchers and students from foreign universities visit nakubabu, pick his brain.
but what is to happen to the collection after him?
naku babu takes a deep breath.
he doesn't wish to entrust his life's work to the government.
what about his family?
his prolonged silence seems to suggest indifference on their part.
what will happen, will happen; for now, his mind is buzzing with a plan - a catalogue of his collections.
chittaranjan dasgupta lives in bishnupur, 140 kilometres from calcutta, in southern bengal.
the temple town used to be the capital of the malla kingdom between the 16th and early 19th centuries.
that day, we find him scratching his day-old beard and examining a rare sculpture of the sun god on display at the district archaeological museum.
like naku babu, mastermoshai - as chittaranjan dasgupta is locally known - is also in his 90s.
the former bengali teacher has spent over six decades hunting for relics and rare artefacts across southern bengal to piece together the history of the area that dates back to fifth century bc.
nirmal chandra kumarour early inspiration was acharya jogesh chandra roy, a retired professor of cuttack's ravenshaw college, who settled here.
he was pained to see how some government officials and curio dealers walked away with priceless artefacts when several areas were excavated for building dams, he says.
dasgupta, along with 52 others, took up the task of setting up a museum for books, manuscripts, coins, pot shards, jewellery scoured from bankura, purulia and midnapore.
it was named jogesh chandra purakriti bhavan, after his professor.
this was in the 1950s.
he has worked actively to preserve and conserve this wealth of history from curio sharks.
we start walking towards his house in kabirajpara.
and there, sitting on the steps of the family temple of sri sri radha damodar, we listen to his story.
dasgupta talks about his ancestors who had been doctors to the malla kings.
his wife sushmaswaraj , who turned 80 recently, talks about her husband's extensive and frequent travels.
in the course of this work, dasgupta also discovered how jainism had once flourished in the region.
he brings out his notes and photographs.
today, dasgupta is perhaps the only living expert with such a wide experience of field surveys and a vast body of research - cultural, historical and architectural - on these parts, first identified as a historical hot-spot by mohenjodaro man rakhaldas bandyopadhyay.
recently, he published the book dakshin paschimbanger murtishilpo o sanskriti.
says the nonagenarian, i wrote it all down because my memory fails me these days.
jagannath ghosh is an anthropologist of sorts, though that is not how he would describe himself.
the 72-year-old is a spirit of the woods, self-effacing, bereft of any kind of self-importance.
from jharkhand to chhattisgarh to south bengal, he knows all the forests intimately.
in recent times, he has also covered the jungles of north bengal and the border areas of bhutan and sikkim.
and roaming the forests, he has developed an intimate knowledge of its tribal people.
like naku babu and dasgupta, ghosh too is excited to talk about his experiences and interest.
the excitement is for the sake of sharing the information itself, the joy of seeing the wonderment leap into the eyes of the other.
did you know about the wondrous places that are the tribal haats or markets?
you get all kinds of things here, a hedgehog's stiff hair, a wild boar's wool.
.
.
haats are places where tribals meet; young men and women fall in love.
this is where conspiracies and business deals are hatched.
.
.
he trails off, interrupted by his smoker's cough.
ghosh grew up close to the hilly and wooded area of the ridge in delhi in the 1950s.
he talks about how he'd enjoy the beauty of his immediate environs, study the trees, and how it all stoked his wanderlust.
when he started working, his job with a tea company in calcutta allowed him a five-day week; on weekends he was free to roam the forests.
often, he would take a slow train with some friends.
get off at random stations and explore the surroundings.
tabo, saranda, purulia, bangriposhi, kuilapal, chilapata, barodabari.
.
.
to date, he has stayed in 68 jungle lodges.
having recovered from that bout of coughing, ghosh starts to talk about ray's aranyer dinratri, a film about four urban youths and their excursion into the forests of jharkhand's palamau, as an inspiration.
ghosh has also mingled and lived with the tribals, shared their food, learnt their language, picked up on their traditional cures.
he seems to know every tree in every forest and their properties.
he scribbles notes like dasgupta; never uses a tape recorder or clicks photographs.
when actor dhritiman chatterjee made a documentary on purulia's nachnis, who are typically tribal women, he consulted ghosh.
some of ghosh's travel experiences have been published in obscure little magazines.
recently a publisher showed interest in bringing out a collection of his writings, notes and observations, but ghosh has never kept track of his pieces.
i do all this driven by passion.
i never wanted to make a living out of my travelogues, he says.
and that's one common thread that runs through all the living encyclopaedias - a near aversion to wealth.
as naku babu puts it, i could have earned millions selling the artefacts, but i never did.
wealth would have ruined my creativity.
sidhu jetha's prototype, nirmal chandra, never made money out of his bookshop either; it barely broke even.
says his son, he'd give away books to a discerning reader free of cost.
he also loaned them.
.
.
a lot of these were never returned.
a gourmet, he would treat his friends to sumptuous delicacies created from recipes gleaned from rare documents.
but who cares for such things now, we only google.
new delhi, march 28: uma bharti has refused to accept the bjps offer to field her against sonia gandhi in rae bareli, saying she will not leave jhansi, the first constituency chosen for her.
smriti irani is, however, likely to stand against rahul gandhi in amethi.
yesterday, it was speculated that uma and smriti, among the bjps popular women leaders, would be pitted against the gandhis in their fiefs in uttar pradesh.
bjp spokesperson sudanshu trivedi said uma had conveyed to the leadership she did not wish to leave jhansi as it would send an adverse signal in the bundelkhand region from where the bjp is looking to make big gains.
uma said if the party so wished, she would contest from both seats.
the leaders decided she should stick to only jhansi.
the bjp respects her wish, trivedi said.
uma remarked in jhansi: i have been fortunate that a daughter of bundelkhand was considered to uproot the daughter of italy but i cannot desert jhansi.
uma was elected mla from charkhari near jhansi in the 2012 uttar pradesh polls.
although madhya pradesh is her home state that also nurtured her political career, uma was eased out by chief minister shivraj singh chouhan once he consolidated himself.
out in the cold, uma chose the next best option  uttar pradesh  and made a go of it.
sources said her shift ensured that the votes of the backward class lodh-rajputs, which matter in nearly 20 of the 80 lok sabha seats in uttar pradesh, would also return to the bjp.
the lodh-rajputs, almost on a par with the other well-off obcs like the yadavs and kurmis, left the bjp with kalyan singh who was their caste leader for years.
with kalyan losing his sheen after his departures and arrivals into the bjp, uma has filled the gap in uttar pradesh, a source said.
jhansi has a big population of lodh-rajputs.
any attempt to force uma to also fight from rae bareli would have upset the caste coalition in bundelkhand.
she would have come across as a casual candidate, the source said.
smriti, a rajya sabha mp elected from gujarat, apparently volunteered for rae bareli.
umas name was proposed by yoga exponent, baba ramdev.
ramdev was furious because he could not push through his nominees candidacy from punjabs gurdaspur where actor vinod khanna is back.
smriti was not available for comment.
uttar pradesh bjp sources said some local rss leaders mooted her candidacy.
party chief rajnath singh was said to have been taken aback.
a week ago, the bjp had offered rae bareli to sonia-baiter subramanian swamy who declined.
this move, too, was inspired by the rss that had pushed for swamys induction into the bjp.
the sources said the bjp was keen on strong opponents against the gandhis so that the contest did not become too one-sided.
the samajwadi party will not field candidates against them.
however, many questioned smritis choice.
she isnt exactly a political heavyweight, although she has a national profile, an office-bearer said.
but a fight against sonia, said another source, carried its own cachet.
sushma swaraj, who stood against the congress president from bellary in 1999, makes it a point to mention it in her twitter profile, adding she polled 3,58,000 votes in 12 days.
smriti probably hopes it would bring her closer to the sushmaswaraj league, a source said.
our special correspondentmodi in guwahati.
(pti)new delhi: prime minister narendra modi has penned a book advising students how to battle exam stress, complete with tips on yoga and pranayama.
exam warriors, released on saturday, comes ahead of the season for the class x and xii board exams, many among whose candidates will be eligible to vote in the next general election.
the book contains 25 maxims to motivate students to face their examinations.
many of these are explained with examples and anecdotes.
as one journey ends, another journey begins, goes one of the dictums, with modi urging students to choose a career they feel a passion for after their board exams.
trying to become someone is a conventional path.
.
.
.
take the road less travelled, he advises.
the book gives details about several yoga asanas.
on the helpfulness of yoga, it says: the overall impact is that memory, concentration and confidence are boosted.
as exam warriors, these are three things you will need the most.
yoga helps you with all three.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and human resource development minister prakash javadekar released the book.
javadekar said: he (modi) has written on an issue that is not political but is linked to everybody.
drawing on his own experience of the 2012 gujarat elections, modi has advised students not to worry about errors committed in exams.
for, exams are like festivals - celebrate them.
while explaining the maxim be a warrior, not a worrier, he has held up the example of rani laxmibai of jhansi.
during the first war of independence (in 1857), when the imperialist forces were closing in, she had two choices -- to be a worrier or a warrior.
she did not bow down and chose instead to fight, thus becoming immortalised as one of the greatest freedom fighters india has ever produced, modi writes.
on the maxim compete -- with yourself, the prime minister says: see yourself as your own competitor instead of competing with others.
he adds: temporary competitions may damage friendship permanently.
competing with yourself makes you better.
the makeshift nalanda university campus patna, sept.
18: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj would formally inaugurate the nalanda university in rajgir tomorrow in the attendance of the representatives of the seven participating nations in a brief function, a little over a fortnight after its classes started.
sushma would reach jayaprakash narayan international airport here around 11am and fly to rajgir in a chopper.
after landing at rajgir qila maidan at 12.
15pm, she would go to the upcoming nalanda university campus, around 3.
5km from the maidan.
she would take part in a plantation programme on the 452-acre varsity site.
from there, the minister would go to rajgir international convention centre to participate at the inaugural function of nalanda university.
chief minister jitan ram manjhi and the dignitaries from the seven participating countries would also be there.
sushma would start for patna around 3pm.
syed akbaruddin, the official spokesperson and the joint secretary at ministry of external affairs ministry, said: the minister has a busy schedule on friday because bangladesh foreign minister abul hassan mahmood ali would visit new delhi the same day.
an official of nalanda university said: the union minister agreed to grace the inaugural function at the convention centre, provided it did not last long.
a source said the dignitaries from the seven participating countries had given their consent for taking part in the varsitys inaugural function.
lim thuankuan, the high commissioner of singapore, and chalit manityakul, the ambassador of thailand, are the two senior foreign officials from the respective countries who have agreed to participate in the function.
secretary-level officials would represent australia, laos, vietnam, germany and japan at the function at rajgir international convention centre, where the varsity is conducting classes temporarily.
after the main function at the convention centre, visiting dignitaries, along with the varsitys senior officials, faculty members and students, would have lunch at hotel tathagat vihar, the makeshift hostel of students.
days after the nalanda university set sail, south korea has proposed to install a monument to honour their 8th century travelling monk hyecho near the institutions campus.
the south korea government wants to sign an mou with us in october to erect a memorial monument for hyecho near nalanda university in rajgir, industries department principal secretary naveen verma told pti.
our special correspondentnew delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on tuesday reached out to indian students in milan amid reports of a couple of them being attacked over the past fortnight.
keeping up her twitter diplomacy, swaraj tweeted: attack on indian students in milan: i have got the detailed report.
pls do not worry.
i am monitoring the situation personally.
@cgmilan1.
while the office of the consulate general of india has taken a serious note of the two complaints and issued an advisory, staff members told the telegraph this was not an india-specific attack but a simple case of mugging, which is not such a rare occurrence in italy.
a staff member pointed out that italy was the landing place for illegal migrants to europe, while the general economic slowdown had also contributed to such incidents taking place late in the night.
this has happened to italians themselves, chinese students and others.
this is not a racist attack as such, the staff member said.
the first attack took place on october 17, and the second one this past weekend.
neither of the victims was seriously injured and reported the matter to the consulate general's office themselves.
the consulate general's office has taken up the matter with law and order authorities in milan.
it has also made the official's cellphone number available so that students can reach out to him.
the students have been advised to remain in touch with each other and the mission, and also be aware of trouble spots that should be avoided.
milan has about 1,000 indian students in different universities.
most of them are from south india and enrolled in courses like architecture and management.
our special correspondentshashi tharoorsushma swarajnew delhi: shashi tharoor on wednesday asked parliament why future foreign ministers and prime ministers who may be from tamil nadu or bengal should be condemned to speak hindi, questioning external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's push for making hindi an official language at the united nations.
this was met with a curt reply from sushma: this shows your ignorance.
the congress mp and former un official had intervened during question hour after sushmaswaraj said the government was ready to spend any amount to make hindi an official language at the un.
what purpose is being served by this?
if, indeed, we have a prime minister or a foreign minister who prefers to speak hindi, they can do so and we can pay for that speech to be translated.
why should we put our future foreign ministers and prime ministers who may be from tamil nadu or west bengal in a position where they are condemned to be speaking a language for which we are paying?
he asked.
he pointed out that hindi was india's official, not national, language.
he acknowledged the pride of hindi speakers while underlining that people in india also took pride in speaking other languages.
tharoor had interjected after sushmaswaraj had replied to a question from two bjp members about steps the government had taken to get hindi recognised as the official language at the un.
she blamed the un's procedures for the delay.
the government is ready to spend any amount for the pride attached with raj bhasha (national language), she said.
we are ready to spend but smaller countries such as mauritius won't be able to pay and so, we are negotiating with them.
tharoor picked the term  raj bhasha to point out that hindi was not india's national language.
bharat has no 'raj bhasha'.
article 343 of the constitution makes it very clear that hindi is an official language.
so for us to be spending government resources in seeking to promote hindi in this manner raises an important question, he said.
new delhi, nov.
29: parliamentary affairs minister p.k. bansal called trinamul leader sudeep bandyopadhyay to communicate that the government was thinking of accepting the oppositions demand for an adjournment motion on fdi in retail.
bansal wanted to know what stand the trinamul congress would take, sources said.
adjournment motion entails voting and, given the trinamuls strident stand, the government wants to ensure that the party does not throw its weight against the upa.
the trinamul leader told bansal that he would get back after discussing the matter with party chief mamata banerjee, the sources said.
they added that the government was willing to discuss the oppositions adjournment motion on thursday if the text steered clear of a censure.
till this evening, the left and the bjp wanted at least a mention in the motion that the government would reconsider the decision.
trinamul sources suggested that they would find it difficult to vote along with the left and the bjp, despite the partys unrelenting position on fdi.
we can stage a walkout and chant: we dont want any discussion but the government should reverse its decision, a trinamul leader said.
but he added that the final word would come from calcutta.
the bjp, however, couldnt dispel doubts over gujarat chief minister narendra modis alleged ambivalence on unlocking the multi-brand retail market to foreign direct investment.
a media statement put out by government spokespersons jay narayan vyas and saurabh patel last night did not clear the air.
vyas and patel stressed that fdi in retail would dislocate small and unorganised retailers and cause job losses.
but they added that the bjp-led government was of the view that a detailed study was required because there were advantages and disadvantages of having domestic and foreign retailers.
the bjp and the left appears to have been encouraged by the opposition from trinamul, dmk and the muslim league to the fdi decision.
the three parties contribute 38 mps to the central coalition.
the parties echoed one another at a meeting of floor leaders of parties convened by lok sabha leader pranab mukherjee today.
bandyopadhyay told reporters after the meeting: we want a rollback, we will oppose it in and outside parliament.
we dont want a discussion.
trinamuls chief whip in the lok sabha, kalyan banerjee, blamed the congress for the impasse.
it should have consulted its allies, he said.
our special correspondentnew delhi: china said on tuesday that an earthquake in tibet on november 8 had resulted in the siang river (brahmaputra) in arunachal pradesh turning turbid, over a month after india raised its concerns with beijing.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had taken up the issue with her chinese counterpart in the first post-doklam engagement at the foreign minister level on december 11 amid concerns that the siang's turbidity could be the fallout of construction activities upstream in china.
since then, india's central water commission has also come to the conclusion that the muddiness of the siang was quake-induced.
in a statement on tuesday, chinese embassy spokesperson xie liyan ruled out any man-made cause.
according to the statement, an earthquake struck milin county of nyingchi city in the tibet autonomous region at 6am on november 18.
the yarlung tsangpo grand bend region was seriously affected by the earthquake, resulting in shattered land surface, reduced vegetation and soil exposure.
as a result, there was a massive landslide and collapsing along the yarlung zangpo river range, affecting the water quality of the river.
on the chinese side, water in the motuo sector of the siang turned turbid.
the change of colour of water in the lower reaches of the river should have been caused by natural factors including earthquakes, rather than man-made incidents, and there were no artificial lakes in relevant parts of the yarlung zangpo river, the statement said.
the siang is called yarlung zangpo in tibet.
new delhi, july 22: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will this weekend fly to nepal with a plane-load of promises rooted in prime minister narendra modis desire to reassert indias clout in its neighbourhood.
but her visit may not be followed by the trip kathmandu is really waiting for.
modi has not yet approved a proposal for him to visit nepal in august, and senior government officials have said the prime minister is now likely to visit kathmandu only in november for a saarc summit.
the officials were quick to assert that modis likely inability to visit nepal before november does not reflect any change in the prime ministers keenness to expand and strengthen ties with kathmandu at a time indias northern neighbour is in the middle of a political transition.
an august visit is just very, very difficult now, given his schedule, an official said.
but if sushmaswaraj , who will be in nepal on july 26-27, does indicate to her hosts that modi may visit only in november, it will likely leave the government of nepal prime minister sushil koirala disappointed.
on her trip, sushmaswaraj is expected to revive a nepal-india joint commission headed by the two foreign ministers to regularly work on bilateral projects.
the commission was initiated in 1991 when then indian prime minister chandra shekhar had visited nepal.
but the mechanism was abandoned after just one meeting later that year in new delhi, as the relationship between the nations increasingly evolved into one where india dictated the development projects the neighbours would jointly take up.
the revival of the mechanism is a signal by the modi government that it views nepal as a partner, and wants to assist in ways that kathmandu needs.
sushma will also assure her hosts that india will expedite its delivery on a series of infrastructure and services-related projects that are ongoing but have been blighted by serial delays.
in the days following modis meeting with koirala after the indian prime ministers swearing-in ceremony on may 26, new delhi had indicated to kathmandu that modi would visit nepal in early august.
sushmas visit was understood by nepal as a trip meant to prepare for bilateral talks between modi and koirala in august.
one of nepals biggest diplomatic grievances against india has been that no indian prime minister has visited kathmandu for a bilateral trip in 17 years  since inder kumar gujral made the journey in 1997.
former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee travelled to kathmandu in 2001 for a saarc summit.
modis predecessor manmohan singh visited every other saarc nation other than pakistan and nepal.
he wanted to visit both those neighbours  but could not travel to pakistan because of bilateral tensions.
indias foreign office has never had a clear enough explanation  other than a busy schedule  for singhs inability to travel for a bilateral visit to nepal.
an attempt at preparing a day-long bilateral visit by singh to kathmandu in april, just before india began its lok sabha elections, fell through.
officials said modi had indicated his desire to visit nepal soon after taking over.
but a series of scheduling challenges, which were not known when he met koirala late in may, have complicated plans for an august visit.
the ongoing budget session is scheduled to get over only on august 14, and though it may be terminated earlier, the government cannot plan a bilateral overseas trip till a decision is taken.
modi postponed a planned trip to japan in july citing the parliament session, and flew to brazil for the brics summit only because it was a pre-scheduled multilateral event, officials said.
modi also already has a busy diplomatic schedule in september  including a visit by chinese president xi jinping, and a month-end date with us president barack obama at the white house on september 30.
india and pakistan celebrated their 70th independence days recently, even as a war of words escalated between the two countries.
as usual, kashmir is the focal point.
but this time, india has changed the terms of discourse rather dramatically.
prime minister narendra modi has made it clear that while his government was willing to talk to anyone with an open mind and was keen to normalize the situation, there won't be any major concessions in dealing with the protests in kashmir.
strongly rejecting pakistan's bid to present itself as an involved party, modi has made the point that islamabad's own human-rights record did not give it such leeway.
he has also suggested that there was a need to track those who had fled pakistan-occupied kashmir so that their accounts could be publicized.
pok, he has said, is the fourth part of jammu and kashmir, along with ladakh, jammu and the valley.
the modi government is also keen to bring to the attention of the world the plight of balochistan.
new delhi is now clear that if pakistan continues to meddle in kashmir and incite violence and terror, india would be forced to expose the atrocities it continues to commit in restive balochistan.
india's approach was welcomed by activists in balochistan who blame islamabad for their plight.
in his address earlier this month to the home ministers' conference of saarc countries in islamabad, rajnath singh raised the issue of pakistan's support for terrorism on foreign soil.
one country's terrorist cannot be a martyr or freedom fighter for anyone, said singh.
i also speak for the entire humanity - not just for india or other saarc members - in urging that in no circumstances should terrorists be eulogised as martyrs, he added.
the government of pakistan declared july 19 to be a black day in memory of the slain hizbul militant, burhan wani.
pakistan's prime minister did some grandstanding by stating at a rally, we are waiting for the day [when] kashmir becomes [a part of] pakistan.
the indian external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, had hit back by accusing nawaz sharif of advancing the despicable design of destabilizing south asia by exporting dirty money and dangerous terrorists.
new delhi was making it clear that sections of the pakistani establishment can dream on but it has no locus standi on the issue.
there has already been a face-off at the united nations.
slamming pakistan for raising in the un the killing of wani, india had said pakistan extols the virtues of terrorists and uses terrorism as a state policy towards the misguided end of coveting the territory of others.
india's ambassador to the un, syed akbaruddin, was responding to the remarks made by pakistan's envoy, maleeha lodhi, on kashmir and on wani's killing during a debate on human rights at the un general assembly.
in her statement, lodhi not only raised the kashmir issue but also mentioned the extra-judicial killing of wani by indian forces.
she described wani as a kashmiri leader.
other senior officials from pakistan had also been using the turmoil to further their agenda so as to take advantage of the tensions in the valley.
sharif's adviser on foreign affairs, sartaj aziz, also suggested that india cannot suppress the voice of kashmiris - who are struggling for their just right of self-determination by using brutal force and committing human rights violations in the occupied kashmir.
indian security forces have been facing turmoil in kashmir since protests erupted after the killing of wani.
more than 60 people have been killed and over 5,000 wounded, including indian soldiers.
normal life remains paralyzed, caught between the curfew imposed by the government and calls for a shutdown by separatist leaders.
even as the indian government has taken steps to ensure a return to normalcy in kashmir, it has taken a strong stand against pakistan's role in the ongoing tensions.
the home minister, while visiting kashmir last month, had addressed pakistan directly when he said, you [pakistan] yourself are affected by terrorism.
you had to storm the lal masjid to kill the terrorists.
but on the other hand, you appeal to kashmiri youth to take up arms.
it is clear that no indian government is in a position to allow kashmir's secession for fear of setting a precedent.
india's democracy and secularism would receive a body blow if india accepted the idea that muslims should secede if they are in the majority in a state.
under the circumstances, if there has been a success in the india-pakistan 'peace process' in the last few years, it's been on the basis of a recognition on both sides that territorial changes are strictly out of bounds.
moreover, there will be broader geo-political ramifications of an independent kashmir that will remain dependent on the kindness of its neighbours.
india, pakistan and even china will try to enhance their own strategic interests and compete for the loyalty of kashmir.
it is not readily evident if an independent kashmir would not be as much of a bone of contention between india and pakistan as is the case at present.
islamist extremism would get a boost worldwide even as india, already under assault from rising islamist fundamentalism, will find it difficult to manage growing tensions between hindu extremists and islamist radicals.
it would not be an exaggeration to suggest that this would be the end of india as the world knows it.
pakistan's narrative on terrorism is no longer acceptable to the world at large, and it is in danger of losing the kashmir card.
pakistan has gone all out to exploit the killing of a dangerous militant.
in the process, relations between india and pakistan - they appeared to be on the mend under modi and sharif - have, once again, regressed.
a verbal tit for tat is the new normal.
the loss is entirely of ordinary kashmiris, who are unable to come out of the grip of violence.
sushma swaraj in the lok sabha on thursday.
(pti) new delhi, july 17: rajya sabha chairman hamid ansari today rejected the request of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to de-list a debate on the gaza attacks from the agenda of the house.
it also emerged today that arun jaitley, the leader of the house, had conveyed to ansari last evening that the government had not foreclosed its options on a debate  an indication that was in variance with sushmas unequivocal stand.
the mixed signals have left the government looking somewhat rudderless in the absence of prime minister narendra modi and it is now exploring the possibility of holding a discussion on gaza after he returns home.
a short-duration discussion may be taken up on monday along with the discussion on the railway budget, government sources said but added that the final decision would be taken tomorrow after the prime minister returned from brazil.
as soon as the upper house convened at 11am today, chairman and vice-president ansari, a former ifs officer who had served in the gulf and was ambassador to saudi arabia, said he had received a communication last evening from jaitley stating the short duration discussion on the palestine issue may not be taken up on thursday.
jaitley conveyed to the chairman that the government would communicate an appropriate date soon, said ansari.
the disclosure created the impression that the government was waiting for the prime minister to return before taking the final call.
yesterday, after the list of business included a short-duration discussion on the violence in gaza, sushmaswaraj had written to the chairman, drawing his attention to rules relating to conditions of admissibility of motions on matters of public interest.
she had contended that rules do not permit discussion on a matter that is not primarily the concern of the government of india and which refers discourteously to a friendly foreign country.
ansari had kept his ruling reserved and the debate did not take place yesterday.
today, ansari said he found the rules quoted by sushmaswaraj relate to motions on matters of public importance and not to the short-duration discussion that was listed.
in the instant case, i do not find any infirmity in the notices given by the honourable leader of the opposition and others, said ansari.
in view of the position stated above, i am unable to accede to the request of the honourable minister, he said.
the notices ansari was referring to were given yesterday by nine opposition mps to discuss the violence in gaza.
ansari cited rule 177 which says that after the chairman has admitted a short-duration discussion on a subject, the date for the discussion has to be fixed in consultation with the leader of the council (jaitley, in this case).
later, deputy chairman p.j. kurien, who drew some criticism for using the word consent instead of consultation, said that in his three decades in parliament he had not seen an instance where a minister did not turn up for a discussion already listed.
yesterday, a bjp minister had said that an error of judgement by junior parliamentary affairs minister prakash javadekar might have been behind the inclusion of the subject in the revised list.
javadekar was seen speaking to fellow members today but could not prevent a fresh uproar.
soon after ansaris statement, deputy leader of opposition anand sharma said: the government today told us that the prime minister is away, so it cannot be taken up.
the brics declaration has half a page on this.
eventually, after two adjournments till 2pm, the rajya sabha re-convened for one more round of disruptions.
the house was then adjourned till tomorrow.
new delhi, dec.
9: the house siege over minister niranjan jyoti's barbs may have ended, not the united opposition's bid to corner the centre.
a hail of questions pounded the government today in the rajya sabha on women's security and alleged plots to stoke communal tension.
congress mp rajni patil brought up the rape in delhi by a uber cab driver, drawing support from most of the opposition as she accused the narendra modi government of failing to deliver on tall promises on women's security.
patil asked why a upa government plan to name and shame rapists - a practice in many western nations - was not being followed by police.
fellow congress mps vijaylakshmi sadho and viplove thakur supported patil, as did several left members.
the cpm's t.n. seema asked why the pmo had not yet cleared the one-stop rape crisis centres, proposed by the ministry of women and child development, to provide legal, medical and psychological support to victims.
christened nirbhaya centres after the 2012 delhi bus rape victim and seen as a pet project of minister maneka gandhi, they had been allotted rs 500 crore by the finance ministry.
but the draft ministry note on the plan has been stuck in the pmo for the past two months, sparking rumours the scheme could be dropped.
if the prime minister has to decide every project, even those under the ministry, what is the need for the ministry?
shut it down also, seema said.
the usually combative treasury benches remained silent.
opposition mps have earlier insinuated that modi controlled ministries in a way that sidelined the ministers themselves.
the cpi's d. raja referred to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's call to declare the gita a national scripture.
one can't impose one scripture as the national scripture.
i don't see it as an isolated statement.
there is a design to subvert the secular fabric of our nation.
the congress's digvijaya singh said the gita was the soul of india and the bjp should not talk of dividing it.
the cpm's sitaram yechury echoed what modi had said in one of his speeches - if there is any holy book for india, it is the constitution - and demanded a separate discussion on the issue.
arch-rivals trinamul and the left spoke in one voice more than once.
trinamul's derek o'brien linked the recent arson attack on a delhi church to the upcoming polls and claimed similar incidents had been reported from bjp-ruled madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh.
the timing is devious, o'brien said.
the cpm's yechury, p. rajeeve and tapan kumar sen and other left leaders echoed the view.
trinamul had supported sen yesterday when he spoke for the crisis-hit jute industry.
the left mps had in turn backed trinamul's sukhendu sekhar roy when he sought classified netaji files to be made public.
sonia (left) and sushmaswaraj new delhi, sept.
29: the congress today unambiguously supported the government over the surgical strikes, arguing that a strong message needed to be sent to pakistan over its continued support to cross-border terrorism.
congress party congratulates the armed forces on the success of the operation and offers its support to the government in our country's continuing battle against cross-border terrorism, sonia gandhi said in a statement.
at an all-party meeting called by union home minister rajnath singh, the entire opposition extended support to the centre for the strikes and for any future action, information and broadcasting minister m. venkaiah naidu told reporters prime minister narendra modi had earlier called up his predecessor manmohan singh to inform him of the development, while external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj visited sonia's home to brief her.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said his party supported the army action but felt talks should resume.
sonia's statement said: the congress stands with the government in its actions today to protect our country's security and deal with the menace of terrorism from across the border.
this is a strong message that conveys our country's resolve to prevent further infiltration and attacks on our security forces and our people.
it added: the congress hopes that pakistan will recognise that it bears a great responsibility in the continuing cross-border terrorist attacks against india.
the party expects that pakistan will take effective action to dismantle the infrastructure of terrorism that it has supported and ensure that its territory and the territory under its control is not used for terrorist purposes against india.
rahul gandhi tweeted: all of us stand firmly united against terrorism and those who support and sponsor it.
the congress party and i salute the indian army and our jawans for acting valiantly to defend our country and our people.
former defence minister a.k. antony said: we support any endeavour of the government to protect our national security.
the centre had moved swiftly to take the opposition into confidence, calling all the senior politicians present in delhi.
bjp president amit shah, finance minister arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj and defence minister manohar parrikar attended the all-party meeting along with rajnath and naidu.
the director-general of military operations, lieutenant general ranbir singh, briefed the meeting.
naidu said representatives of the congress, ncp, cpm, bsp, shiv sena, lok janshakti and the telugu desam lauded the army action.
the home minister explained at the meeting about the surgical strike, which was carried out by the army to foil attempts by terrorists to carry out attacks not only in jammu and kashmir but some other important towns, naidu said.
the government and the army had reports that the terrorists had plans to infiltrate again and create havoc in jammu and kashmir and some other places.
the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, ghulam nabi azad, who was at the meeting, said: we have been told there were heavy casualties on the other side but no harm to our soldiers, and they returned safe.
we will support all action of the security forces so that terrorism comes to an end and pakistan does not support any terror activity from its soil.
a cpm statement later said: the government briefed some leaders of the opposition parties on certain operations conducted by the indian army.
the government informed that at two points across kupwara and poonch these operations took place.
the government had informed that these operations have ended this morning.
the cpm expects that there is no further escalation of hostilities henceforth.
the cpm expresses the hope that now incidents like at pathankot and at uri will not recur.
the cpm has all along maintained that the safety and security of our people from cross-border terrorism must be ensured.
we urge upon the government of india to continue with the diplomatic and political moves to defuse tensions.
new delhi, july 6: the foreign office is bracing for a change - not just because it has a new junior minister, but because he is likely to wield far more influence than many of his peers in the past.
journalist-turned-politician m.j. akbar today took office at south block as minister of state for external affairs, receiving a bouquet of red and white roses from foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
akbar joins former army chief v.k. singh as a junior minister in charge of foreign relations, and adds to a list of muslim ministers of state in the ministry.
but unlike previous muslim junior ministers, akbar's role will not be circumscribed by his religion, officials familiar with the preparations of a new workload distribution notification said.
a welcome addition to ministry of external affairs, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup tweeted.
through the upa's 10 years, kerala leader e. ahamed was one of two junior ministers for external affairs.
ahamed's role in the foreign office was largely restricted to fire-fighting challenges with gulf nations and managing the annual haj.
saudi arabia requires each country sending pilgrims for the haj to sign an annual agreement detailing the number of people the nation can send.
singh, the only junior minister in the foreign office before akbar, took up the role in 2014 and 2015.
but diplomats have long pointed to the advantage of having a muslim minister handling the haj - that would allow the minister to also visit mecca to check preparations.
non-muslims cannot visit the holy mosque.
akbar is expected to negotiate the haj later this year, but his role will likely also extend to africa and south america, officials said.
sushma is yet to recover fully from a bout of pneumonia she suffered in april, and if her health remains fragile, akbar is also expected to undertake important diplomatic visits on her behalf.
people cross a nice street with their hands on their heads.
(reuters) july 16: at least a dozen indians were at promenade des anglais in nice watching the bastille day fireworks when the truck attack took place, indian officials said.
the officials were speaking on the basis of calls received at an emergency helpline the indian embassy has set up.
the helpline number is 0033-1-405-07070.
in new delhi, the indian foreign ministry said this evening it had till then not got information on any indian injured or killed in the attack.
there are no reports so far of any indian affected in the attack, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said in new delhi.
among the indians at the promenade was saurabh kumar, who studies engineering near paris and was visiting nice with a friend.
it was just a normal, happy evening, and frankly, i don't think many of us realised what was happening till it was too late, kumar recalled over the phone from nice.
then, there was just panic.
everyone was running, and we did too.
kumar and his friend had just left a cafe when they saw the crowds running.
we ran back to the cafe, and got back in.
by then, kumar said, rumours were flying thick and fast.
the bastille day fireworks were still exploding, and some in the crowd feared the attacker was firing as well.
even in the cafe, we were all taking cover behind tables, kumar said.
i have spoken to our ambassador in france, shri mohan kumar, sushmaswaraj tweeted.
he has again confirmed that all indians are safe.
syama prasad mookerjee new delhi, oct.
18: for 16 years, harish chander struggled to sell the book he had authored and published on bharatiya jana sangh founder syama prasad mookerjee.
then, he met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the foreign office has procured 360 copies of chander's book on mookerjee to stock india's diplomatic missions across the world, after a meeting between sushmaswaraj and chander this past summer, officials familiar with the purchase have confirmed to the telegraph.
the books include 180 copies of dr. syama prasad mookerjee - a contemporary study that chander wrote in 2000, and an equal number of its hindi translation.
they were purchased after a book vetting society within the ministry of external affairs approved their procurement this year during an annual exercise in july just after sushmaswaraj met chander, the officials said.
the purchase by a government led by the bjp - the jana sangh's successor - has led to questions within sections of diplomatic veterans because mookerjee, though an influential political leader, had few foreign policy contributions that could benefit missions abroad.
but these veterans also pointed out that sushma's foreign ministry was only continuing a tradition of purchasing for indian missions books that may at least have as much to do with political affiliations as their worth in foreign policy.
some past instances have also triggered controversy.
i wonder, was it wrong for me to have written on dr. mookerjee?
asked chander, 80, in a conversation with this paper today.
shouldn't today's indians know about his work, his contributions, his legacy?
i think they definitely should.
the foreign office's library here in new delhi, and at the missions overseas, have long held books written by or on political figures, many closely affiliated with the congress that has ruled india the most since independence.
but while some of those purchases - jawaharlal nehru's discovery of india is available in most indian mission libraries, for instance - involve books considered seminal works, several others have at least tangentially involved foreign policy.
these include books on nehru's foreign policy and on his sister vijaya lakshmi pandit, who was india's ambassador to the then soviet union, the us, spain, uk, ireland, and the country's permanent representative to the un in new york for an unparalleled 22 years.
more recently, the foreign office has purchased books on prime minister narendra modi, including one on his foreign policy by a strategic affairs writer.
the foreign ministry is now in the process of publishing a book on modi's speeches that will be shared with all its missions.
books that are shared with indian missions by the headquarters here are also meant as examples of texts that diplomats abroad should cite to their foreign counterparts as reading material on india.
but purchasing books can be a controversial process, as then junior foreign minister shashi tharoor discovered in 2010.
the foreign ministry had purchased sets of three of tharoor's already published books while he was in office, triggering charges of conflict of interest.
tharoor had denied any involvement in the decision to purchase his books, and officials familiar with that incident said the congress mp was correct.
but direct pressure, these officials also pointed out, is often unnecessary and that juniors in any organisation may try and pander to what they think their bosses may like, unless the boss objects to such behaviour.
even ideologically aligned governments are no guarantee for authors and publishers trying to sell their books.
chander said he had written to several bjp leaders - including chief ministers and governors who were in the party before they took up the post - about his book.
but very few even responded.
one governor's secretary even asked me who is syama prasad mookerjee?
chander recalled.
is it right for the party and its people to forget him now that they are in power?
new delhi, may 12: the narendra modi government and kerala chief minister oommen chandy today yanked indians who had escaped bullets and bombs in civil wars abroad into political crossfire ahead of state polls, each claiming credit for rescuing the evacuees.
modi had yesterday said his government had found six kerala families and three others from tamil nadu, who were missing in libya, and added that they would return to india by tomorrow.
the prime minister, who was addressing a rally at thripunithura, a small town near ernakulam, also listed out a series of other rescue operations from afghanistan, yemen, libya and iraq - many involving victims from kerala - india has undertaken under his government.
but chandy today said the group of 29 indians who returned today from libya were rescued only after the state government pressed the modi administration and even offered to pay for their tickets.
his comments prodded modi's hospitalised foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to turn to her favourite weapon, micro-blogging site twitter, to fire back at chandy.
mr chandy - we evacuated thousands of indians from kerala from iraq, libya and yemen, swaraj wrote.
who paid for them?
in the political drama that unfolded between kerala and a hospital room in the all india institute of medical sciences where swaraj is recovering from pneumonia, the foreign minister made sure she emphasised the financial costs of bringing evacuees back, in three quick fire posts.
she also tried to push back on criticism by accusing chandy of first referring to these costs.
mr chandy - you said 'kerala paid for 29 indians evacuated from libya.
' she wrote.
mr chandy - you started this debate as to who paid.
not me.
we always did this because this is our pious duty towards our citizens.
the foreign office has for decades played a key role in securing the release of indians trapped in conflicts abroad, and has even tried to assist the diaspora in moments of crisis - whether in east africa in the 1970s or fiji in the 1980s.
but it is diplomats posted in conflict zones or sent there to rescue trapped indians - and not politicians battling for credit - who put their lives on the line, mostly anonymous to the rest of the country.
four young diplomats had sailed across the choppy mediterranean sea from malta to benghazi in libya, using the cover of night, to quietly pull 289 indians out on a ferry in august 2014.
it was a diplomat again who facilitated the return of the 29 who flew back to india today.
on april 28 this year, indian ambassador to libya azar ali khan flew into tripoli from djerba in tunisia, where the indian mission in libya relocated last year amid the brutal civil war there now in its fifth year.
april 29 and april 30 were public holidays, and may 1 a sunday.
on may 2, khan met the libyan foreign ministry's chief of protocol, and over prolonged talks convinced the government to issue exit visas to the 29 indians.
the indians had earlier been moved to a camp away from the battle zone, officials here claimed.
but libyan immigration requires exit visas for departing workers.
our ambassador also convinced the libyan authorities to ensure that the indian workers were paid their outstanding dues by their employers, foreign ministry spokesperson vikas swarup said.
but officials also acknowledged that kerala had offered to pay for the tickets of the returning indians and was instead advised to reimburse the fare later.
i have learnt that for four tickets, a family had to shell out rs 7 lakh, chandy said today.
this will be reimbursed.
we also set up a help desk at the airport and arranged for vehicles to take them home.
chandy's proactive response to the crisis is in step with a long tradition of kerala governments pressuring central administrations on welfare concerns involving its massive diaspora that numbers over 2.
5 million just in the gulf countries.
very few within the kerala diaspora are citizens in the gulf - in part because of laws there - and almost all have strong family links and property back home, that enhances their influence over the state's politics.
new delhi, dec.
20: the centres rush to push the lokpal bill through before anna hazare steps up his agitation has got the bjp in a spot of bother.
sources said the partys fear was in the battle looming large on the political scape  between hazares team and the upa if the former rejects the bill  the bjp might be squeezed out of the turf.
thats not a pleasant year-end prospect, a leader said.
so the bjp may use the floor of the house to discomfit the government on the bill.
sources said taking advantage of the upas precarious position in the rajya sabha, where the government critically depends on the samajwadi party and bsp to get legislation through, the principal opposition party might move amendments to the bill and work to get them carried through with the support of the majority of members.
if the amendments are ratified by a simple majority, the success might be problematic for the government.
the changes the bjp has in mind are in sync with the provisions of hazares jan lokpal bill that are unacceptable to the upa.
the bjp is counting on the backing of the entire nda, the left, aiadmk, biju janata dal, telugu desam and the samajwadi and the bsp.
if the government accepts the changes, these would get incorporated in the law.
if they are rejected, the bill would be reverted to the lok sabha with the amendments proposed in the rajya sabha.
the problem is if the lok sabha negates these changes by a majority vote, the government will have to request the president of india to convene a joint session of both houses to take a vote.
initiating and completing that exercise requires time and may not be feasible in the winter session unless the government plans to extend it.
sources said congress leaders pranab mukherjee and pawan kumar bansal are in talks with sushmaswaraj swaraj, the lok sabha leader of opposition, to avoid such a scenario.
the lokpal bill was already introduced in august in that house and referred to the standing committee.
however, given the numerous (nearly 70) amendments that were suggested and possibly adopted by the government in the final draft of the bill, it will be introduced as a new bill.
the process then is to debate it and pass it either by a voice vote or a division of votes.
the procedure can be accomplished by a simple majority because the bill does not entail a constitutional amendment.
it is then sent to the upper house for debate and passage.
if it falls through for some reason in the rajya sabha but is ratified for the second time by the lok sabha, it becomes law.
since the upa has a clear majority in the lower house, cushioned with the recent entry of the five-member rashtriya lok dal, the bill will, in all probability, sail through both times.
all the crew members, released by pirates after four days, are safe and the ship has resumed sailing, officials said.
i am happy to inform that merchant ship marine express with 22 indian nationals on board has been released, swaraj tweeted.
the external affairs minister thanked the governments of nigeria and benin for their help and support.
sushma had spoken to her nigerian counterpart on monday to seek assistance in tracing the missing oil tanker.
the indian mission in abuja was in touch with nigeria and benin for help in locating the ship.
the ship, marine express, has been released and is back under the command of the captain, director-general of shipping malini shankar said in mumbai.
it was not immediately clear if a ransom was paid to secure the release of the vessel and the cargo.
the marine express was anchored at cotonou in benin when it was taken over by the pirates on february 1.
all communication systems on the vessel were switched off by the pirates before forcing it to set sail.
in a facebook post, ship manning agent anglo eastern said the panama-flagged vessel was the victim of pirate attack and seizure and confirmed its safe release.
the cargo of 13,500 tonnes of gasoline remains on board, the post added.
an official at the directorate-general of shipping had said earlier that the waters from where the vessel was taken were unsafe because of the presence of pirates.
