nagpur: it was a moment of immense pride and sorrow for sushmaswaraj , widow of martyred indian air force (iaf) corporal jyotiprakash nirala , when she was felicitated for her husbands bravery.
she was felicitated by air marshall sunil soman at a ceremony organized by prahaar samarj jagruti sanstha at dr hedgewar smruti mandir on friday.
as sushmaswaraj sat on the dais with her daughter jigyasa on her lap, she was overwhelmed with emotions when she shared memories of her husband with the audience.
struggling to hold back tears, she said, my husband always talked about our daughter joining the iaf.
it was his dream.
i want my daughter to follow his footsteps and become an iaf officer.
on november 18 last year, corporal nirala was killed in an armed conflict between his team, the garud commando force, rashtriya rifles and six militants at hajin village in kashmir.
niralas counter-insurgency team was given the task of eliminating militants who had occupied a house in the village.
the team laid an ambush outside the house to block their escape routes.
nirala, armed with a light machine gun, positioned himself in close proximity to the house.
in order to escape, the terrorists rushed outside, shooting and throwing grenades.
nirala bravely shot down two militants and injured two more.
in the exchange, he sustained multiple small arms fire, but kept firing despite critical injuries.
he however succumbed.
the martyred corporal was posthumously awarded the ashok chakra this republic day for displaying valour and sacrificing life in protecting the country.
he is the first airman to be awarded the highest peacetime honour for ground combat.
i am heartbroken that my jyotiprakash is not with me.
but i am proud he gave his life for mother india.
air marshall soman said, niralas wife and family are brave and strong though they suffered a huge personal loss.
words are meaningless to console the family of the martyred soldier.
the entire country is indebted to niralas sacrifice.
the air marshall told the audience that citizens have an obligation to support soldiers.
he said, nirala has set an example for soldiers and they will be inspired to be ready for the highest sacrifice for protection of the motherland.
she said that mos in the pmo v narayanasamy initiated the lokpal debate in a combative mode.
narayanasamy has placed three bills for debate.
it appears the government is placing this bill in a fit of rage.
ministers normally introduce bills very calmly and ask for support .
but the minister seems ready for battle, she said.
sad to say that the bill is inadequate.
the bill has lot of flaws, lot of inconsistencies.
we expected government to bring a bill that will remove corruption.
the bill has ruined our expectations.
it violates the constitution, she added.
she further said: the bill can't go against the basic structures of the constitution.
this bill is talking of lokpal and lokayukta both.
state employees will be looked after by the lokyukta.
the bill can't force states to follow the diktat of the centre, she added.
you (government) are contradicting yourself.
so why don't you first decide what you want?
is it mandatory or optional?
18 states have lokayuktas.
many of them have better bills than the ones you have brought.
like uttarakhand.
your bill will over-ride those.
better ones like the bill that karnataka passed long ago, she added.
bhubaneswar: union minister of state for petroleum and natural gas dharmendra pradhan on monday urged the centre to open seven more passport sewa kendras in odisha.
growing need is felt to open additional popsks/psks to expedite issue of passports.
i take this opportunity to request you to kindly issue necessary instructions for starting popsks/psks, pradhan wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pradhan named angul, berhampur, balasore, kendrapara, bolangir, jajpur and bhawanipatna as the places requiring the popsks/psks.
there is a demand for issue of passport from various segments.
.
.
large number of skilled/semi-skilled workforce, students/research scholars, business communities and tourists, the minister said in his letter.
pradhan also expressed gratitude to swaraj for sanctioning three popsks at rourkela, sambalpur and koraput in odisha.
panaji: valany lemos, the wife of sydney lemos , termed the dubai courts decision convicting her husband as unfair.
she told toi that her husband is not a scamster and has not committed fraud.
the only reason he got convicted is because of the number of complaints - 513 cases filed against him.
these are false accusations made out of jealousy.
i have not given up hope.
this is not the final verdict, she said.
despite each of the 513 clients investing different amounts in the company, sydney lemos and ryan de souza have been sentenced for one year in each of the cases, she said.
sydney definitely wants to help the clients and he is the only one who can, but he needs to be out so that he can trade and pay them back.
he has a plan, valany said.
denying that the company was running a ponzi scheme under the guise of a foreign exchange trading scheme, she said the company, that was set up in 2011, paid regular profits till 2015 when it encountered a problem with the closure of one of their bank accounts.
it was a genuine problem and my husband promised to solve it.
but the team leader in the company got together with our competitors and some lawyers and brainwashed some clients.
they filed complaints and this kept escalating, she said, adding that ryan was an innocent 25-year-old employee of the company.
denying her role as managing director of the company, she said, i used to help taking care of the employees.
my name is nowhere on the trade licence.
i was only assisting sydney.
i dont know the technical details.
she also said the case filed against her for entering the companys sealed office illegally and taking away documents was false.
were definitely going to seek help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj .
she has helped many people and our clients too have already written to her.
many clients are supporting and helping us.
even the dubai sheikh will help us, she said.
this story is from february 2, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
washington: the indian embassy in the us has opened a 24/7 hotline to assist 129 indian students arrested by the american authorities in the  pay-and-stay  university visa scam, officials have said.
as many as 129 indians are among the 130 foreign students arrested for enroling at a fake university allegedly to remain in the us.
the university in detroit's farmington hills was part of an undercover operation by the department of homeland security (dhs) designed to expose immigration fraud, according to federal prosecutors who announced charges in the case.
the two numbers  202-322-1190 and 202-340-2590  would be manned by senior embassy officials round the clock, officials said on friday.
the arrested students, their friends and family members can contact the embassy here the indian embassy has appointed a nodal officer to handle and coordinate all issues related to helping indian students affected by the busting of the pay-and-stay racket run by a group of indians that has put some 600 students under trouble.
the us immigration and customs enforcement or ice, till thursday, had arrested 130 students from the fake farmington university in greater detroit area.
the ice officials said 129 of them are indian nationals.
the fake university was opened by homeland security investigations to trap those involved in illegal student visa racket.
it has now been closed.
the arrest of such a large number of students has created panic among the indian students.
federal investigators say, the students who took admission in the university knew that the university programme was illegal.
officials said all of them face deportation, besides being put under detention.
a number of students have been put under some kind of house arrest with tracking device on their ankle, that prohibits them from moving out of a designated area in their neighbourhood.
as part of its investigations, early this week, the ice arrested eight recruiters on criminal charges.
from their names it appears that all of them are either indian nationals or indian-americans.
these suspects aided hundreds of foreign nationals to remain in the united states illegally by helping to portray them as students, which they most certainly were not.
hsi remains vigilant to ensure the integrity of us immigration laws and will continue to investigate this and other transnational crimes, said special agent charge francis.
according to the ice, in 2017, as many as 249,763 indian students were enrolled in the various american universities.
students from china topped the list with 481,106 in 2017.
this is for the first time probably that such a large number of indian students have been arrested in one go.
the number is expected to increase further, as ice officials continue with their nationwide crackdown on indian students enrolled in this fake university while working at different places.
embassy of india, washington and all five consulates in the us working closely together to help indian students detained in the us, the indian embassy said friday.
consular officers from indian consulate in houston met the arrested indian students at prairieland detention centre, alvarado, texas.
this intervention by officials from the indian embassy and its consulates has helped in release of some of the arrested students.
some friends and families of the detained indian students are using twitter seeking help from the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
madam, this is regarding fake university ( university of farmington michigan) issue.
my husband has been taken into custody today morning and i don't have any update on his status till now.
could you please help me on this, one madhuri wrote on twitter to swaraj.
acting promptly, the indian embassy sought the details of her husband.
her husband was a student at the fake university.
hi, i have mailed to indian embassy and they told that they are trying to meet my husband through consulate.
after that i didn't get any update from them, madhuri wrote on twitter in response to a question.
in new delhi, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said, we are aware about this incident.
we are ascertaining more details (through) our embassy in washington and different consulates in the us.
.
.
we have also mobilised the indian community organisations in the us to extend all possible support to the indian students who are affected by this incident.
the ice said foreign students are granted what are called f and m visas to study in the us and must maintain their legal status by enrolling in a varsity certified by the student and exchange visitor program.
the ice said since the farmington varsity did not offer courses, the students were using the programme as a way to work.
new delhi: bjp on tuesday punched holes in the government's lokpal bill, saying it was anything but a strong and effective law to deal with corruption in the country.
it is patently unconstitutional (bill).
.
.
deeply flawed and tampers with the basics of our constitution, leader of opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj told the lok sabha, initiating the debate on the lokpal bill which was introduced in the house last week.
the bjp leader, who opened the lokpal debate on behalf of the opposition benches on tuesday, said the government has been compelled to introduce the bill that envisages the setting up of an effective anti-graft ombudsman.
she said, the government was speaking in two languages and referred to a media report quoting hrd and telecom minister kapil sibal that the provision of lokayuktas was optional.
but mr narayanasamy says it is mandatory, she pointed out.
swaraj accused the government of bringing the bill under compulsion and from the bill it is not clear as to what the purpose of the bill really is.
but that should not be the case, with senior parliamentarians like pranab mukherjee and l k advani and eminent lawyers in the government's side like p chidambaram, kapil sibal, pawan bansal and salman khurshid present in the house.
yeh ek majburi mein banaya giya bill hai, so either accommodate the amendments that this house offers or wait for a couple of months and bring a better bill and send it to the standing committee, she suggested.
the lokpal bill tampers with the federal structure of the country, she said.
swaraj's second objection to the proposed legislation was related to the provision of reservation in the lokpal.
referring to the supreme court's repeated rulings beginning with, starting from that reservation cap should not be more than 50 .
the bill, she said, states that not less than 50  of nine members of the lokpal body should be from reserved categories like the scheduled castes, scheduled tribes, other backward classes, minorities and women.
not less than 50  of nine is five and that makes it more than 50 .
this violates the constitution, she pointed out during her nearly 45-minute-long speech.
the bjp leader said, the government wanted to give constitutional status to the ombudsman but the constitution doesn't have any provision for reservation for constitutional posts.
swaraj also objected to the reservation for minorities and said it was being done on the basis of religion.
what we are doing today is not good for india.
india was divided on the basis of religion.
the idea of reservation on the basis of religion had then sown the seeds of division of india.
you are sowing the second seed for another division, she said.
this remark led to a brief ruckus in the lok sabha.
she demanded that cbi should also be freed from the clutches of the government and brought under the control of an independent lokpal.
this is a very weak bill.
we wanted the cbi to be free from the government clutches.
but look what happened.
the cbi remained where it was and the lokpal also got into the clutches of the government, she said, referring to the lokpal's selection mechanism.
she demanded that the selection committee for lokpal chairman and its members should include the leader of opposition in rajya sabha.
according to the lokpal bill, the selection committee consists of pm, speaker, lop in lok sabha, chief justice of india and an eminent jurist.
this story is from january 3, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
that the passports had gone missing allegedly from the pakistan mission was first reported by toi on december 15.
the mea has received information that.
.
.
23 passports have been misplaced by the high commission of pakistan in delhi.
bhoewal: families of the four punjabi youths hailing from nearby villages in majitha, who were proclaimed dead along with others that had earlier gone missing in iraq, have demanded credible evidence, including the dna test reports of their kin, based on which the government had declared them dead.
the grieving families had gathered at the house of gurpinder kaur, sister of slain manjinder singh , to console each other.
while talking to toi, gurpinder said union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had been claiming for past three-and-a-half years that all of them were alive but the government didnt know their whereabouts.
now, when she has finally admitted that all of them were dead, she must have said so on receiving some credible evidence.
we also want to see that evidence, including the dna test reports, she said.
meanwhile, baba bakala sub divisional officer ravinder singh also met the aggrieved families reached at gurpinders house on wednesday and to expressed condolences on behalf of the administration.
he said, we are here to express our sympathy.
the family members have given us a letter demanding evidence confirming death of their relatives.
since the government officials have personally come to convey the message of their demise, we have to believe them.
i still want the government to provide the evidence of death to the kin of the deceased, said gurpinder.
the family members also discussed about mounting pressure on government for seeking compensation.
sonia, wife of sonu, resident of chavinda devi, said she had been doing menial jobs all this time hoping that her husband would return and take on the responsibility of looking after two children and his ailing mother.
but now my world has turned upside down.
i really dont know how we will survive, she said crying.
the government should take responsibility for educating the children, continue to provide her the monthly compensation of rs 20,000 and give free medical facilities to the family.
gurpinder said there were few families whose financial condition was really poor and now they had lost their lone bread winners too.
the government should give jobs to those who are qualified and settle others who were not, she said.
sukhdeep kaur, whose brother harsimranjit singh was killed by the isis, said, first we want to see the evidence with our own eyes and of course the government has to think of giving compensation to us since we have lost our lone bread winner.
new delhi: india joined 127 other countries in the un general assembly on thursday to vote for a resolution that effectively rejected united states president donald trumps move to recognise jerusalem as israels capital, declaring it null and void.
the resolution was passed 128 to 9 and 35 abstentions.
the us was joined by israel, honduras, guatemala, togo, marshall islands, nauru, palau, micronesia, and a notable abstention was the uss neighbour canada.
the resolution was in support of the long-standing international consensus that the status of jerusalem  which is claimed by both israel and the palestinians as a capital  can only be settled as an agreed final issue in the israeli-palestinian peace process.
this was the second time in a week that the us found itself isolated on this issue.
on tuesday, the united nations security council voted on an egypt-sponsored resolution 14-1, with the us using its veto power to block the vote.
on thursday, all key us allies  uk, france, germany, ireland, belgium, portugal, spain and china  voted to condemn uss move to shift its embassy to jerusalem.
there had been speculation that india might vote with the us given its growing closeness with both us and israel.
during pms visit to israel we reiterated the need for a just and durable peace in the region.
the path to this clearly lies in an early negotiated solution between israel and palestine based on mutual recognition and security arrangements.
it was during indias chairmanship of nam in 1983 that the committee on palestine was set up.
the vote comes after trump himself threatened to cut aid to countries who voted against the us.
the uss envoy to the un, nikki haley, was even more blunt.
the us will remember this day in which it was singled out for attack in the general assembly for the very act of exercising our right as a sovereign nation, haley said on thursday.
we will remember it when we are called upon to once again make the worlds largest contribution to the united nations.
and we will remember it when so many countries come calling on us, as they so often do, to pay even more and to use our influence for their benefit.
this story is from october 31, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityludhiana: lok insaaf party (lip) mla simarjit singh bains on tuesday accused the american embassy in new delhi of racial discrimination against amritdhari sikhs.
an mla from atam nagar constituency of ludhiana, bains and his personal assistant jaswinder singh khalsa (who is an amritdhari sikh) had gone to the us embassy to apply for a visitors visa.
but bains claimed both of them walked out of the embassy without applying for the visa after khalsa was asked by the embassys security staff to remove his kirpan and keep it in a basket before proceeding to the visa counter.
bains also expressed anguish over the fact that the practice of asking sikhs to remove their kirpan before entering the embassy had been there for the past several years, and no one from the sikh community, including jathedars, who applied for a us visa in the past had ever raised their voice against it.
speaking to toi, bains said: khalsa and i, after an invitation from lip supporters, had planned to visit the us, for which we had gone to apply for a visa today (tuesday) morning.
we entered the embassy together, but as we approached the security checkpoint, khalsa was asked by security staff that he cannot proceed further without depositing his kirpan, upon which he confronted them, saying the kirpan was his religious symbol and he could not remove it.
he soon walked out of the embassy without applying for the visa, as he did not want to compromise on his religious sentiments.
bains added: after khalsa left, i confronted senior embassy officials.
as i reached the visa counter, the visa counsellor starting asking me questions related to my proposed visit.
but i told him i would not answer any of his questions until he tells me why an amritdhari sikh was asked to remove his religious symbol which is recognized the world over as sacred, and no embassy in any country asks sikhs to remove it.
i also told them im a member of the legislature and aware of my rights, after which he called his seniors who too did not have any answer.
then, i told them i didnt need their visa, as i can sacrifice hundreds of visas for my religion, and i will fight against this injustice.
this is nothing less than racial discrimination against sikhs in their own country by the american embassy.
after this, i walked out of the embassy without applying for a visa.
bains also claimed he had already apprised external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, former prime minister manmohan singh, and punjab vidhan sabha speaker rana kp singh about the issue, and now he would take up the matter with sikh associations in the us, asking them to raise it with senators so that us embassy in india apologizes for hurting the religious sentiments of sikhs, and stops this practice at the earliest.
chairperson congress parliamentary party smt sonia gandhi expressed her condolences to shri kaushal on the untimely https://t.
co/76upt9nsyb  congress (@incindia) 1565165486000new delhi: upa chairperson sonia gandhi on wednesday said former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , who passed away on tuesday gave indian diplomacy a human face.
i am shocked and deeply saddened at the sudden passing away of your beloved wife, smt sushmaswaraj swaraj , gandhi said in a letter to late minister's husband swaraj kaushal sushmaswaraj swaraj was a lady of extraordinary gifts, her courage, determination, dedication and ability manifest in every position she held.
above all, it was her warm personal qualities that brought a special lustre to her years in public and political life.
she made herself accessible to even the humblest person, established a warm rapport with people from all walks of life, and with her empathy and compassion, gave indian diplomacy a human face as she reached out to help every indian citizen in distress, gandhi said.
she went on to say that sushmaswaraj swaraj was a superb orator, a great parliamentarian and had a rare gift for friendship that won her affection and admiration across the political spectrum.
in our many years together as colleagues in the lok sabha, we developed a warm personal relationship and i feel her loss greatly.
the same courage and grit that was a hallmark of sushma-ji's political life, she showed in her personal life as well, as she faced her serious ailments with incredible fortitude.
she has left us when she was far too young, when she had so much more to contribute to national life, and that makes her death even more tragic, gandhi said.
she further added in her letter to swaraj kaushal, at this time of grief, my thoughts and prayers are with you and your daughter bansuri.
may you find the strength to bear your cruel loss.
you must draw solace from the fact that sushmaji lived a life of honour, filled with achievement and contributions to the country she loved; respected and admired by all indians.
and she went as she had lived - active and engaged till the very end.
swaraj passed away at aiims following a cardiac arrest on tuesday night.
according to sources at aiims, the 67-year-old was feeling restless at 9 pm and reached the hospital at around 9:30 pm in an ambulance.
she was declared dead at 10:50 pm.
swaraj was appointed the foreign minister in the first term of modi government in 2014.
she opted out of the 2019 lok sabha elections citing health reasons.
pakistani reporters and troops visit the site of an indian airstrike in jaba, near balakot, pakistan (ap photo.
.
.
read morethe u.s. condemns yesterdays horrific terror attack on indian security forces.
my thoughts and prayers are with th https://t.
co/j2aucrro9o  secretary pompeo (@secpompeo) 1550254829000the #oic condemned the #indian incursion and aerial violation and dropping of four bombs today, 26 february 2019.
i https://t.
co/yyhu7fscgj  oic (@oic_oci) 1551191435000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
washington: in an america transfixed with the prospect of president donald trumps former attorney michael cohen ratting on his long-time boss before congress while he (the president) is holding a summit with north koreas dictator kim jong-un, the india-pakistan spat barely made a ripple in washington on tuesday beyond the circuit of regional experts.
there was none of the alarmism about nuclear flashpoint as the trump administration deferred comment (as of now), mainly on account of almost everyone up the pecking order being in hanoi for the trump-kim summit.
both secretary of state mike pompeo and national security adviser john bolton, along with their senior aides, are in hanoi with president trump, with the india-pakistan skirmish a sideshow to what washington considers a showstopper in vietnam.
a state department spokesperson said there could be a statement later in the day subject to coordination, but the trump administration has already indicated the onus is on pakistan to address indias concerns while acknowledging new delhis right of self-defense against terrorist strikes by pakistan based groups.
the un security council statement on the attack last week took cognizance of jaish-e-mohammeds claim that it launched the attack while asking member countries to cooperate with india to address terrorism, implicitly putting the onus on pakistan to defuse the situation by acting against terror groups.
even china eventually signed on to the statement.
except for the organisation of islamic cooperation (oic), of which pakistan is a founding member, there has been no outright condemnation of the indian strike from any country, including china.
in fact, france explicitly said it recognises indias legitimacy to ensure its security against cross-border terrorism, while calling on pakistan to take action against its terror groups.
the french reaction was in line with the white house outlook expressed in a bolton tweet last week in which he said pakistan must crack down on jem and all terrorists operating from its territory and countries should uphold unsc responsibilities to deny safe haven and support for terrorists.
pompeo too had tweeted after the pulwama attack that pakistan must not provide safe haven for terrorists to threaten international security, even though islamabad had maintained that the suicide bomber was a local kashmiri.
the smackdown was rounded off by president trump who said he understood the strong feelings running though india following the attack and new delhis desire for a strong response.
more diplomatic fireworks are expected later this week at the oic meet where india is a special invitee at the march 1-2 foreign ministers meeting in abu dhabi.
although the organization condemned the india incursion, it did not accede to demand from some pakistani quarters that its invitation to new delhi, to be represented by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, be withdrawn.
the #oic condemned the #indian incursion and aerial violation and dropping of four bombs today, 26 february 2019.
it urged india and #pakistan to exercise restraint and avoid any steps that would endanger peace and security in the region, the oic said on twitter while calling upon both parties to act responsibly & encouraged them to seek peaceful solution to current crisis without resort to use of force.
in military and strategic studies circle meanwhile, there was skepticism about new delhis claims about the strike and its effectiveness, given lack of precise information and evidence to back its claim (indias foreign secretary vijay gokhale, who briefed the media on the strike) did not take questions.
joshua white, a former white house and pentagon official now with the johns hopkins university urged caution about early, fragmentary reports saying initial statements from indias press and even officialdom regarding its military prowess tend to be, shall we say, slightly inflated.
this, he said, was true of the surgical strikes in 2016.
at exactly 3.
30 pm indian standard time, the judgement from the international court of justice (ijc) was announced.
india had won its appeal at the ijc for a stay on kulbushan jadhavs execution by pakistan.
the judge, ronny abraham, read out the decision arrived by 11 judges stating that pakistan should ensure the jadhav would not be executed and that this ruling was binding and unanimous.
clearly, the judges thought that pakistan had a lot to answer for by not allowing consular access to jadhav as is mandated by the geneva convention.
the fact that the ministry of external affairs had asked for access to jadhav 16 times did not go unnoticed by the court.
jadhav was tried and sentenced to death for spying by a military court in pakistan and his appeal would have also been heard by a general reporting to the chief of the pakistan army.
this sounded as absurd to the ijc as it was to india.
the judgement also said, the court also notes that pakistan has given no assurance that mr jadhav will not be executed before the court has rendered its final decision.
this is a damning indictment of pakistan in an international arena.
once again pakistan has been shown up as a rogue state that does not abide by any international law and the fact that this situation was brought about by its army proves that this institution is in charge of the state and the elected government has no powers.
we must commend the indian government and sushmaswaraj swaraj for taking up this matter at the highest level and harish salve, indias top lawyer, for presenting an iron clad case against pakistan that was appreciated by the ijc.
for once india has taken a strong stand.
i only wish that previous governments had resorted to the same action when captain kalia and five of his colleagues were captured by pakistan during the kargil war.
they were tortured for weeks before being killed.
their mutilated bodies were handed over to india on june 9, 1999.
autopsy reports had shown extreme torture including cigarette burns, ear drums pierced with hot iron rods and amputated limbs.
the fact that pakistan could resort to such barbarity and get away with it was atrocious.
the indian army was outraged and had the government taken the matter up at the ijc, pakistan would have been found guilty of ignoring every aspect of the geneva convention and it would have attracted worldwide censure.
this time india showed it was no longer a soft state and ambushed pakistan by taking the matter up to the ijc.
will pakistan stand by the verdict of an international court?
according to harish salve, who was interviewed by a television channel, if pakistan does not accept the verdict it could attract sanctions by the united nations.
when congratulated for winning the case for india, salve said that congratulations should go to the government for taking a strong stand.
it is rumoured that salves fees for this case was one rupee.
if this is true than india must salute him for his dedication to the country.
unfortunately, jadhav is still in the hands of the pakistani army and anything can happen.
but this time the world is watching.
india prays for the return of this officer and knowing sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is the most pro-active external affairs minister we have ever had, anything is possible.
this story is from february 12, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: in yet another case of trafficking of women to the gulf, two sisters from hyderabad found themselves in a helpless condition.
making matters worse for them, their employer is demanding rs 6 lakh from the siblings for sending them back to india.
tabassum begum, 34, and asra begum, 28, from mehdipatnam landed in oman on january 1 this year and an agent there forced them to work in four to five houses after taking them to salala.
worried over their plight, naseem begum, another sister, wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to rescue them.
the general administration department of telangana government had also written a letter to the indian embassy in muscat on february 9 to rescue the women.
both my sisters are widows, naseem said.
they were facing financial problems and were approached by a travel agent of kalapathar who ensured them a salary of rs 25,000 per month for working in one house, she recalled.
not only were they being made to labour in several houses, but were also denied food and accommodation, naseem said in her letter.
the passport details of tabassum and begum were tweeted to the union minister by social activist amjedullah khan.
embassy is following up the case with local authorities, the indian embassy in muscat informed khan late on monday evening.
meanwhile, the family of another woman from the city has urged the ministry of external affairs ( mea ) for help as she was arrested in jeddah without any valid reason.
nasreen begum had gone along with her family to saudi arabia on a pilgrimage and after landing at jeddah airport on december 29, 2018, she was arrested by the police there.
after her sister wrote to the mea, the indian embassy in riyadh on monday responded that embassy volunteers had met her in dammam jail and said she was doing fine.
a case was registered against her for using fake documents to get a job during her previous stay, when she was working in saudi arabia.
we are following up on the matter, the indian embassy said.
nasreen, 46, had worked as a lab technician in a hospital with the ministry of health for 13 years at qaryat ulya in the north-east province of saudi arabia till her final exit in 2015.
file: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: in a significant first, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will address the inaugural session of the foreign ministers conclave of organisation of islamic cooperation ( oic ) on march 1.
she has been invited by the united arab emirates as a guest of honour.
india has never been invited to the oic before and the latest development, coming at a time when the india-pakistan tension is running high, is being seen as a diplomatic success.
the foreign ministry said it was a welcome recognition of the presence of 185 million muslims in india, their contribution to its pluralistic ethos and of indias contribution to the islamic world.
oic had denied india a seat when the grouping started.
the invitation by uae foreign minister sheikh abdullah bin zayed al nahyan over a month ago is a sign of the deepening bilateral relationship as it would have needed diplomatic heavy lifting, particularly as the decision does not suit pakistan that looks on oic as a forum to rake up anti-india issues.
in the last few years, india has improved ties with the islamic world from saudi arabia to indonesia , while building on good relations with countries like qatar and oman.
we see this invitation as the desire of the enlightened leadership of the uae to go beyond our rapidly growing close bilateral ties and forge a true multifaceted partnership at the multilateral and international level, said mea.
while it was bangladesh that floated the idea of india becoming an observer at the oic in 2018, the uae invite offers india an opportunity to address the forum.
while observer status still looks distant, swarajs presence at the oic plenary is not likely to change the organisations stand on jammu and kashmir, where they have always supported pakistan.
but indias presence is a big sign that the oic may be open to looking at india and  perhaps kashmir  differently.
in the past week, pakistan has been at the receiving end from the international community with the financial action task force (fatf) rapping pakistan for failing to curb support to terror and then the un security council issuing a strong statement on pulwama that named jaish-e-mohammad.
the oic invitation is important for india, particularly in the wake of the pulwama terror attack.
pakistan would be looking to use the oic forum to lash out at india, maybe to turn oic against india.
hyderabad: an indian student , pursuing masters in electrical engineering at northern illinois university, was killed in a road mishap in illinois, us.
the victim has been identified as sai kumar adluri from tirupathi in andhra pradesh.
the car accident took place on early sunday morning when the victim's car was hit by another car from behind killing sai kumar on the spot.
according to indian students association, sai kumar was a native of sri bomma rajapuram (sbr puram), near puttoor, tirupathi.
he was supposed to graduate in december 2017.
friends of sai kumar described him as an 'energetic cricketer' who represented the university in the mid western championships.
he was a compassionate human being who never thought twice before lending his hand for help.
he was a brother everyone wished they had, the indian students association said.
it has also set up a gofundme page to raise funds to help send the body back to india.
sai and a friend was involved in an accident near the university earlier this morning and the other vehicle involved was the one at fault.
sai was not lucky enough to make it.
the other person in his car is currently undergoing treatment in a trauma center in rockford, the association said.
the matter also brought to the notice of telangana state nri affairs minister k t rama rao for help in sending the body to india.
a similar appeal was also made to andhra pradesh chief minster n chandrababu naidu and union minister for external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help.
this story is from december 25, 2018jyotsnas passport, other travel documents and cash worth 4,000 euros were stolen at a christmas market in ds.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bengaluru: city-based violinist and composer jyotsna srikanth , who was in germany on a concert tour recently, was stranded after she lost all her money and travel documents in a pickpocketing incident.
she then reached out to the ministry of external affairs ( mea ) through social media, whose intervention helped her return to bengaluru on saturday.
jyotsnas passport , other travel documents and cash worth 4,000 euros were stolen at a christmas market in dsseldorf, germany, on december 15.
i lost all my money, travel documents and identification cards and felt completely helpless in the foreign country.
i had expected to be stranded for at least a few weeks after christmas.
locals told me that there was no way i could go home before christmas or get my passport back, said jyotsna, who had lined up concerts back in india.
amid the gloom, a few friends, however, encouraged her to tweet to mea and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on december 17, jyotsna said in a tweet: @meaindia @sushmaswaraj mam i am a musician touring germany, have british passport and oci, i live in bangalore, lost my wallet which had passport & oci, my travel is booked on this friday to india for an emergency, i will get british etd today, pls help with visa to india (sic).
jyotsnas friends retweeted the post to grab meas attention.
within 20 minutes of tweeting, i was contacted by the indian embassy in berlin and officials from swarajs office in india, jyotsna said.
the embassy officers from berlin and frankfurt coordinated with mea and arranged for my travel documents after i submitted police reports, said a relieved jyotsna.
this story is from december 3, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during a party meeting in bikaner on sundaydownload the times of india news app for latest citybikaner: hitting out at congress president rahul gandhi for questioning prime minister narendra modi's knowledge about hinduism, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , on sunday, said that the fight is between the three captains, pakistan cricket captain imran khan, military captain amarinder singh and congress captain gandhi, reacting to congress leader navjot singh sidhu 's series of statements, including that on the punjab chief minister.
one is a cricket captain (pakistan prime minister imran khan), one is a military captain (captain amarinder singh) and another one is a congress captain (rahul gandhi).
i don't want to comment any further on this.
the differences between sidhu and captain amarinder singh came to the fore once again when the former cricketer said that his only captain in the party is congress president rahul gandhi.
sidhu said this when asked about singh disapproving his visit to pakistan.
swaraj dismissing gandhis claim on modis knowledge about hinduism, said congress is trying to divert people's attention since they don't have an agenda in the assembly election.
in rajasthan, congress wants to change the narrative of the election.
yesterday (saturday), rahul gandhi said what kind of hindu our prime minister is.
they want to divert our agenda of development with such things.
this is a deliberate attempt by the congress to change the narrative of the elections, said swaraj.
the minister also said the bjp will not get affected by congress partys tricks.
she also emphasized that her party has been concentrating on development agenda in all the five poll-bound states -- chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh, rajasthan, mizoram and telangana.
she also expressed confidence that the party would retain power in chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan.
previously, there were only three psks, in jaipur, jodhpur and sikar.
after we came to power, 17 psks were opened.
swaraj reiterated that new delhi is open to talks with islamabad only if there is a terror-free and stable atmosphere.
the minister also said she would not retire from politics, but would not contest next year's general elections due to health issues.
on solving border disputes with china, she said that chinese foreign minister wang yi is expected to visit india on december 31 to hold talks with the indian leadership.
this story is from january 25, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
phagwara/jalandhar: punjab bjp president shwait malik has said that punjab chief minster amarinder singh has been trying to create hurdles in kartarpur corridor project and his government once again showed the anti-sikh element in the congress.
similarly, union minister vijay sampla said that captain was confused on the issue as first he said that it was a isi game plan but at the same time he also wants to claim credit for it.
first the congress tried to oppose it and then tried to hijack the credit.
had the congress been sincere on the issue, the corridor would have been opened earlier when manmohan singh government was in the power for continuously 10 years, malik said.
from the stance of the punjab cm and the slow pace at which they were working on the issue reflected that he was unhappy with the development (opening of the corridor).
this shows that anti-sikh bias in congress continues, malik said, while speaking to mediapersons after attending the religious function for inauguration of samplas office in phagwara.
sampla added that punjab cm wanted to claim credit for the corridor whereas the entire credit for this big decision went to the narendra modi government.
it seems he remains confused on the issue.
there has been no consistently in his stand, he said.
he can either term it a isi game-plan or can welcome it and can take credit for it, sampla said.
just compare the pace with which state government worked on the project and with which union government worked.
the comparison would make it clear who is sincere about the corridor, sampla argued.
but backs him on allowing all to visit kartarpureven as punjab bjp leaders criticized captain amrinder singh for inconsistency in his stand on kartarpur corridor, they appeared on same wavelength in criticizing only sikhs condition laid by paksitan and advocated that it should be open for all as guru nanaks followers come from across religions and communities.
state bjp president shwait malik, union minister vijay sampla and former state bjp president manoranjan kalia jointly said that it should be open for all nanak naam leva (followers of guru nanak).
majority of hindus have great devotion for sikh gurus, they added.
reverence for guru nanak dev ji transcends the boundaries of the countries and communities, kalia said in a statement issued on thursday.
he urged prime minister narendera modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up the matter with pakistan to ensure that the entry of kartarpur sahib corridor must be open for all devotees, for sikhs as well as hindus whosoever want to pay their obeisance at gurudwara sri kartarpur sahib on the occasion of celebrations of 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak dev ji.
this story is from december 19, 2018file photonew delhi: lok sabha proceedings were adjourned till noon on wednesday amid sloganeering and protests by members from the aiadmk , the congress and the tdp over various issues.
while the aiadmk members protested against the construction of a dam across the cauvery river, those from the congress demanded a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe into the rafale deal the tdp sought to raise issues related to andhra pradesh.
as soon as the house met, members from the three parties trooped into the well, holding placards and later started shouting slogans.
more than 40 members were in the well.
some members from the ruling bjp also sought to raise certain issues from their seats.
little over ten minutes into the question hour , where one question and various supplementaries were taken up, speaker sumitra mahajan adjourned the proceedings till noon following vociferous protests.
home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were present in the house.
question hour in the lok sabha has been disrupted for the sixth consecutive day due to protests over various issues.
the winter session of parliament began on december 11.
bettiah: invoking mahatma gandhi , minister of state for communications and railways manoj sinha presented a bouquet of 'sabka vikas' from the centre in champaran in celebration of the satyagrah centenary year here on saturday.
champaran made mohan das the mahatma.
it is our responsibility to develop this region in this centenary year of his satyagrah, he said.
he released the first day cover of three philatelic stamps commemorating the champaran satyagrah centennial.
sinha inaugurated internet services at 100 mbps speed in nautan, yogapatti and bettiah blocks of west champaran and in areraj and ghorasahan blocks of east champaran that have so far been connected with the national optical fibre network (nofn).
he congratulated the digitally empowered villagers via video-conference.
by december 2018, all the 2.
5 lakh panchayats in the country will be connected with nofn, he said and added from now on, 300 villages would be connected every day.
sinha thanked external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for her help in setting up a passport seva kendra at the bettiah head post office.
refuting allegations of poor service by bsnl, sinha said bsnl no longer stood for 'bhai sahib nahi lagega'.
bsnl now means 'behtar sewa, nai lagan', he said, adding that it had made a turnaround from being in deficit to generating profits.
the minister further announced the postal department, with help from pnb, will set up post payment banks throughout bihar by september this year.
rural dak-sewaks will be given hand-held devices soon, he said.
earlier, the minister laid the foundation of several projects by remote control at the bettiah railway station.
these include a railway overbridge at bettiah, freight terminals at kumarbagh and ramgarhwa, and foot overbridges at adapur and raxaul stations.
he also initiated a rs 300-crore project of electrification of the valmikinagar-narkatiaganj and sugauli-muzaffarpur (including sugauli-raxaul) rail sections, covering a 228-km rail route.
the minister inaugurated improved passenger amenities at the bettiah station which was also declared to become a 'green' railway station with led lights.
earlier the railways used to spend rs 1,000 crore on projects in bihar.
now, we are spending rs 4,000 crore every year, he said, promising to soon introduce trains from north bihar to patna.
mps sanjay jaiswal, satish chandra dubey and anil sahni in addition to mlas madan mohan tiwary, bhagirathi devi, vinay bihari, prakash rai, pramod kumar and dhirendra pratap singh were also present.
guwahati: with chief minister sarbananda sonowal by her side at the pravasi bharatiya divas in singapore on sunday, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj pushed the northeast as a pitch to southeast asia while emphasizing greater cooperation between india and the association for southeast asian nations asean ) for mutual growth.
earlier, sonowal launched a road show calling investors to participate at the advantage assam: global investors' summit in guwahati next month.
swaraj and sonowal also met singapore minister for foreign affairs vivian balakrishnan and discussed bilateral issues for the promotion of india-singapore relations.
swaraj introduced sonowal as the symbol of resurgence of india's northeast.
india and asean's relationship turns 25.
our ties have evolved into a strategic partnership.
the asean region is at the pinnacle of our act east policy and, as a symbol of that, chief minister of assam sarbananda sonowal is attending the pravasi bharatiya divas.
it is important to realize their growth for india-asean ties.
she also underlined the importance of india's economic growth for a better india-asean relationship.
as the indian economy grows, our ties will deepen, our trade will be cheaper and investment flow will grow, she said.
the indian states play a vital role in the progress of the country and they are important in advancing india's economic ties with the world, she added.
reiterating the state government's resolve in playing a proactive role towards the success of the act east policy, sonowal said his government is committed to stepping up its efforts in increasing interactions with asean countries, including enhancing people-to-people contact, trade and other relations.
addressing the pravasi bharatiya divas, sonowal said, assam and other northeastern states are close to asean nations.
we have land borders with myanmar.
many of the asean capitals are within 2,000 kilometres flying distance from guwahati, which is comparable to the flying distance between guwahati and many indian cities.
we are keen to start flights between guwahati and asean capitals.
the construction of a new terminal building at the guwahati airport is going to start soon.
there is also a motorable road link, the asean trilateral highway connecting the northeast and asean.
sonowal said both the brahmaputra and barak rivers, along with their many tributaries, have a huge potential for river transport, tourism and industry.
he highlighted that assam ranks third among raw silk-producing states in india.
he also said the northeast has the highest concentration of bamboo resources in the country.
highlighting the avenue of tea tourism that the state offers, sonowal said there are 20 golf courses and heritage clubs in the scenic tea gardens in assam.
sonowal added that in the run-up to the february summit, the government has come up with a new policy on tax incentives for setting up industries and tourism units, an it policy, a biotech policy, a startup policy, a sugar policy and a solar energy policy.
this story is from december 16, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
civil nuclear energy in the form of the jaitapur project figured prominently in discussions between french foreign minister jean-yves le drian and sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday.
le drian said the two reviewed the status of the european pressurised reactor (epr) project in jaitapur, maharashtra and adopted a plan to provide guidance to the work in coming months and move efficiently towards construction phase.
maharashtra's energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule had recently informed the state assembly that land acquisition for the 9,900mw project was complete.
the project is being jointly undertaken by nuclear power corporation of india and electricite de france (edf), a french power utility firm.
six eprs account for a total capacity of almost 10gw, which is a significant contribution to india's aim of producing 40  of its electricity from non-fossil fuels by 2030, in keeping with its commitments made ahead of the paris climate conference, said le drian.
the jaitapur project, he said, would contribute to make in india as it involves transfer of production, technology, joint research and training.
we both are also leading fight against climate change.
the reference was also to the fact that france's ariane centre recently launched india's heaviest satellite.
she said the two nations were also keen to increase bilateral trade, which is currently worth 9.
62 billion euro, to about 15 million euro by 2022, adding, there will also be an exchange of 10,000 students between the two countries by 2020.
beijing: india stood out at the meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation sco ) on tuesday as the only member country not to express support for chinas ambitious one belt, one road initiative.
in doing so, india stuck to its opposition to the china-pakistan economic corridor cpec ), seen to infringe its sovereignty.
a joint communique issued at the end of the meeting listed other sco members, including russia, pakistan, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan, who reaffirmed support for the belt and road plan.
india is the only member not mentioned.
the communique also said all parties to the sco supported utilising the potential of the countries, international organisations and multilateral institutions in the region to establish a broad, open, mutually beneficial partnership.
far from accepting the chinese programme, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj listed a wide range of connectivity infrastructure projects being planned and executed by india in different countries.
she mentioned indias involvement in the chabahar port development, india-myanmar-thailand highway, bangladesh-bhutan-india-nepal initiative and the international north-south transport corridor.
new delhi objects to the $57 billion cpec as it passes through pakistan-occupied kashmir.
this is the reason india was the exception in staying away from the belt and road forum organised in beijing, which was attended by 29 heads of state and government, and representatives of 101 other countries.
china has inked agreements with indias neighbours, nepal and sri lanka, to build connectivity infrastructure.
but india signaled on tuesday it would not be pressurised by chinese efforts to rope in other south asian countries.
at the same time, india has gone along with the desires expressed by china and russia to oppose sanctions and trade actions formulated against them by the us.
this story is from january 14, 2019sushma swaraj (toi file photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
samarkand (uzbekistan): india on sunday said it was committed to the economic reconstruction of afghanistan and to promote an inclusive afghan-led, afghan-owned and afghan-controlled peace and reconciliation process in the war-torn country.
india's position was enunciated by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at the historic india-central asia dialogue here, with the participation of afghanistan, which focussed on regional issues, including enhancing connectivity to the country ravaged by terrorism i would like to point out that our region is facing serious challenges posed by terrorism.
india, central asia and afghanistan are societies which are tolerant and plural.
we need to ask who these terrorists are, who funds them, how do they find sustenance, who protects them.
development partnership has emerged as an important component of india's engagement with afghanistan.
swaraj offered to extend this partnership to central asia as well.
she said efficient connectivity will lead to the full realisation of the growth potential of the region.
this story is from november 25, 2018on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj @sushmaswaraj ,capt https://t.
co/yxfnkmi1rn  shah mahmood qureshi (@smqureshipti) 1543069345000islamabad/new delhi: india will send two union ministers, harsimrat kaur and hardeep puri, to attend the ground-breaking ceremony for kartarpur corridor in pakistan even though external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday declined the invite by pakistan citing prior commitments.
islamabad had invited swaraj, punjab cm amarinder singh and state minister navjot singh sidhu for the ceremony on november 28, pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshi announced on twitter on saturday.
swaraj though replied saying that due to prior commitments, including election campaign in telangana, she would not be able to travel to kartarpur sahib.
however, she said, being mindful of the sentiments of india's sikh citizens and the importance of facilitating their smooth and easy access to the holy place, india will send union ministers harsimrat kaur badal (minister for food processing industries) and hardeep puri (mos, housing and urban affairs) to kartarpur.
she also expressed hope that pakistan will expedite construction of the corridor.
the last time swaraj travelled to pakistan  in december 2015  india and pakistan ended up resuming the bilateral dialogue process.
development of the corridor was said to be on top of the agenda for the swaraj-qureshi meeting on the side lines of unga as proposed by khan in september this year.
the meeting was cancelled by india after the killing of spos in j&k.
pakistan said in a statement that its kartarpur spirit can be a step forward in the right direction from conflict to cooperation, animosity to peace and enmity to friendship.
on behalf of pakistan i have extended an invitation to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj @sushmaswaraj ,capt amarinder singh @capt_amarinder & navjot singh sidhu @sherryontopp to attend the groundbreaking ceremony at #kartarpura on 28 nov, 2018.
#pakistankartarpuraspirit, tweeted qureshi.
we will only comment once we have received a formal invitation, said punjab chief ministers media adviser raveen thukral, refusing to speculate if the cm would visit pakistan for the ground-breaking ceremony.
sidhu, who had in august created a huge controversy by hugging pak army chief general qamar javed bajwa during the oath-taking ceremony of imran khan, said he would attend the event if he gets permission from the centre.
i have got permission from captain amarinder singh to visit pakistan for the november 28 event.
i have applied for the centres permission, sidhu told toi on phone from madhya pradesh.
in india, national highways authority of india (nhai) said it will build the recently announced corridor up to the international border in punjab.
the highways ministry on saturday said it will be a four-lane highway with service roads and other facilities for pilgrims intending to visit gurudwara darbar sahib in pakistan.
in a release, the road transport ministry said vice president m venkaiah naidu will lay the foundation stone for the construction of dera baba nanak-kartarpur sahib road corridor on monday.
highways minister nitin gadkari and punjab chief minister amarinder singh will also attend the ceremony at village mann in gurdaspur district.
the indian side of corridor starts from dera baba nanak in gurdaspur district and extends up to the international border.
this corridor will be a historical landmark between india and pakistan and will also boost tourism as more pilgrims would visit the holy shrine throughout the year between two countries, the ministry said.
guru nanak dev had assembled the sikh community at kartarpur and lived there for 18 years till 1539.
the gurudwara darbar sahib is built where guru nanak took his last breath.
to mark 550th birth anniversary of guru nanak in 2019, the government had on thursday announced to build the kartarpur corridor as an integrated development project.
the corridor will let sikh pilgrims visit the iconic gurudwara darbar sahib at kartarpur on the banks of river ravi in pakistan.
this story is from february 16, 2019pm narendra modi pays tribute to the slain crpf jawans on friday.
congress chief rahul gandhi, delhi cm arvind kejriwal, several cabinet ministers, nsa ajit doval and the three service chiefs were also present at the palam technical area of igi airport to honour the jawans, whose mortal remains were flown in on an iaf planemake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jhansi/new delhi: the possibility of a military strike against pakistan appeared to loom large on friday after the modi government directed the armed forces to start preparing to avenge the killing of 40 crpf personnel by isi-controlled terrorist outfit jaish-e-muhammed.
the political clearance for a military response was given by the pm-led cabinet committee on security against the backdrop of mounting anger and horror over the biggest-ever terror attack on security forces in j&k and a growing clamour for retaliation against pakistan, which has been held responsible by the government for the atrocity.
sources said the ccs meeting factored in the possibility of an armed confrontation with a bellicose neighbour, but resolved not to be deterred by the risk of escalation.
they are going to get a nasty surprise yet again, said a senior government source familiar with the deliberations which were attended by home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, defence minister nirmala sitharaman, nsa ajit doval and army chief general bipin rawat among others.
sources also indicated india's response will focus, just like the surgical strikes launched in the aftermath of the attack on the army camp at uri, on terror infrastructure inside pakistan.
let them try to thwart us, one of the participants said.
the stand was articulated by modi who, while addressing a public meeting in jhansi in up, said, our brave jawans have sacrificed their lives in the service of the nation.
their sacrifice will not go in vain.
i am giving this assurance to 130 crore indians from the land of jhansi, the land of the brave, he said.
the next steps will be taken by our armed forces.
what should be the time, what should be the place and what should be the form, they have been authorised to take all these decisions, he added.
the pm had promised retaliation earlier in the day as well while speaking at the inaugural run of the high-speed vande bharat train in delhi immediately after the ccs meeting.
i want to tell the terror outfits and those aiding and abetting them that they have made a big mistake.
they will have to pay a very heavy price for their actions, he said.
significantly, modi's strongly worded remarks came hours after islamabad, predictably, washed its hands of the killings owned up by jaish, which has lately been isi's preferred tool to torment india.
in a statement on thursday, pakistan termed the attack a matter of grave concern, claimed it has always condemned acts of violence anywhere in the world but trivialised its well-established parentage of jaish as an insinuation.
we strongly reject any insinuation by elements in the indian media and government that seek to link the attack to pakistan without investigations, it said.
the protestation of innocence failed to wash with india, with the meas spokesperson pointing out that jem has claimed responsibility for the attack and pakistan cannot claim that it is unaware of their presence and their activities.
the demand for an investigation is preposterous when there is a video of the suicide bomber declaring himself a jem member, the spokesman said.
in jhansi, modi vowed retribution.
the guilty of pulwamawill be punished for what they have done.
our neighburing nation is forgetting that this is an india of new neeti and reeti (resolve and ways), he said.
130 crore indians will give pakistan a fitting reply.
big nations of the world are standing with india.
the message i am receiving shows this.
those sitting in pakistan should clearly understand, the path you have adopted you have seen your ruin.
on the other hand, the path we have adopted is seeing us progress in leaps and bounds, modi said.
public anger seems to be driving the governments response and modi sought to address that with his rally-around-the-flag theme both in new delhi and jhansi.
i know there is deep anger, your blood boils looking at what has happened.
at this moment, there are expectations of a strong response, which is quite natural, he said.
however, let me tell you, the nation will counter such attacks.
india will not be intimidated.
we should speak in one voice and rise above politics.
the message which should go across the world is that we are one nation, one voice in our fight against terror, the pm said.
as it prepared for a military retaliation, the support from the international community was encouraging its plan to punish pakistan.
the expression of strong support by the us was particularly reassuring for the government.
diplomatic missions scrambled for what seemed to be an effort to prepare the international community for imminent military action against terror bases in pakistan.
the pulwama attack is a challenge to modis tough-on-terror credentials which were burnished by the surgical strikes.
he appeared to be mindful of it when he told his jhansi audience, i am someone who fulfils his pledges.
he further said pakistans use of terror would not succeed.
our neighbour is going through a bad phase.
it is isolated.
hyderabad: reshma begum , a 21-year-old woman from the city who was trafficked to dubai, was forced to work as a bar dancer.
the victim's relative jabeena sultana in a letter to the union external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj , asked that reshma be rescued.
reshma begum is a divorcee and has two children.
as her family had financial problems, an illegal job agent, raj, offered her a job in a jewellery shop in dubai.
she was promised a salary of 20,000.
reshma accepted the offer.
according to mbt leader, amjed ullah khan who has taken up her issue with the consulate general of india, dubai, she was taken to dubai on february 20 on a visit visa which was valid till april 15.
on reaching dubai she was received by purushottam , another agent who kept her under custody.
reshma was then forced to work as a bar dancer.
she was also reportedly beaten.
everyday a car takes her and other girls to a hotel or a party to dance, jabeena sultana said in a letter to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she is also being denied food.
beijing: in a veiled attack on pakistan, india today said that terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights and the fight against it should also identify states that encourage, support and finance the menace and provide sanctuary to terror groups.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , during her sco ) council of foreign ministers meeting also attended by pakistan foreign minister khawaja muhammad asif, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
there are a number of challenges that are being faced by the world today, foremost being the threat of global terrorism and the imminent need to build a strong security architecture to combat it, the minister said.
terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights: of life, peace and prosperity, swaraj said.
the criminal terrorist militias are not impeded by borders as they seek to destroy the architecture of international stability and build walls of fear in societies that believe in pluralism, she said.
maiming and killing innocent lives indiscriminately, constitutes the most blatant violation of human rights, she said.
we have to work together to wipe-out this scourge from the face of the earth.
in order to realise this objective, we must unite across our differences, strengthen our resolve and script an effective strategy against terror.
we welcome the clarity shown by the sco on terrorism from its inception.
we should also urgently resolve to establish comprehensive convention on international terrorism that india proposed more than two decades ago in the united nations .
we are determined to consistently strengthen cooperation within the sco framework for comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable security, the minister said.
the meeting was also attended by foreign ministers wang yi of china, kairat abdrakhmanov of kazakhstan, abdyldaev erlan bekeshovich of kyrgyzstan, sergey lavrov of russia, sirodjidin muhridinovich aslov of tajikistan, abdulaziz khafizovich kamilov of uzbekistan, and secretary general of the sco rashid alimov among others.
swaraj also raised the issue of reforms at the un security council and said it is clear to many of us that the security council is increasingly unable, or sometimes unwilling, to respond to the security challenges of our times, with tragic consequences.
for long india has been calling for the reform of the un security council, the world body's top organ.
we must not lose sight of the fact that reforms of the un will be incomplete, without reforms in the security council to make it more representative of contemporary realities.
since 2008, the international community has carefully nurtured the ongoing inter governmental negotiations at the un to take our discussions on unsc reforms forward, she said.
india is committed to the un framework convention on climate change and its paris agreement of 2015 on combating climate change.
addressing climate change and promoting secure, affordable and sustainable clean energy are india's shared priorities, she said.
following the establishment of international solar alliance in december 2017, prime minister narendra modi hosted its founding conference in new delhi in march 2018, during which the delhi solar agenda was adopted, she said.
we want connectivity to pave the way for cooperation and trust between our societies.
for this, respect for sovereignty is essential.
inclusivity, transparency and sustainability are imperative.
india has cooperated extensively with international community for enhanced connectivity.
india has operationalised the air freight corridor between kabul, kandahar, new delhi and mumbai last year.
i believe that peace and development in afghanistan contributes to security and prosperity of the member states and the region as a whole.
this can only be achieved through political dialogue and reconciliation in an atmosphere free from terror and violence, within the framework of afghan constitution.
we must strongly support the active efforts of the afghan government to implement afghan-led, afghan-owned and afghan-controlled inclusive peace and reconciliation process.
india actively supports the activation of the sco-afghanistan contact group, the moscow consultation format and other mechanisms of dialogue and cooperation for restoration of peace and development in afghanistan, the minister added.
guwahati: ahead of her two-day visit to myanmar from may 10, the gateway to asean and the country closest to the northeastern region, which prime minister narendra modi has described as the heart of india's act east policy, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday interacted with the chief ministers of the eight states of the region.
mea spokesman raveesh kumar tweeted about the meeting, deepening our engagement with asean countries through constructive consultation!
eam @sushmaswaraj chairing an interactive session on 'act east policy' with chief ministers of northeastern states.
on agenda - integration of views of northeast into our act east policy.
speaking at the meeting, chief minister sarbananda sonowal said prime minister narendra modi has put development of the northeast region at the heart of the act east policy, which has greatly increased people-to-people-contact, trade and other relations with the asean countries.
he elaborated on the positional advantage of the region to become the new growth hub of trade, tourism and cultural exchange, taking advantage of over 4500 km of international boundary it shares with neighbouring countries.
pitching strongly for improved connectivity and communication infrastructure for furthering relations with the southeast asian region, sonowal called for improved airways, roadways, waterways, railways and information ways in this region.
he also stated that starting of direct flights connecting the region with the capitals of southeast asian countries will play a vital role in making the region a lucrative destination for potential investors.
he urged mea to contribute an amount of rs 100 crore from asean india fund for viability gap funding to start flights from guwahati to singapore, dhaka, bangkok, mandalay or yangon in addition to the rs 100 crore committed by the assam government for the purpose.
he also spoke about the urgent need for early completion of the asian trilateral highway as well as the reopening of the stillwell road upto kunming in china and importance of connecting the waterways of barak, brahmaputra and kushiyara rivers with chittagong and mongla ports in bangladesh through dredging at an early date.
improved connectivity and infrastructure will lead to exponential growth in the tourism sector in the region in the days to come as northeast india has a lot to offer on the tourism front.
the region can also expect increased flow of patients from southeast asian, sonowal said.
he suggested that mea may think of hosting a festival of north east in each of the asean countries to project the rich heritage, culture, handloom, handicrafts, industrial and tourism potential of all the north eastern states.
hyderabad: the family of mohammed akbar who was shot at in chicago, us, have been granted visas to travel to the us to visit him in the hospital.
union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj took cognizance of the incident reported in toi and asked the consul general of india in chicago for a report on the incident.
the consul general in chicaga neeta bhushan who visited the 30-year-old student from hyderabad, in the illinois masonic hospital informed the minister that akbars condition was stable.
neeta bhushan - thank you for being with there.
as requested, his parents and brother have been granted us visa today.
they will join him soon, sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted on tuesday.
earlier, neeta bhushan also informed that all necessary assistance was being provided to the student and his family and that his family had also delivered a baby boy.
akbars condition is stable.
we have requested the us embassy in new delhi to issue visas to his family members to visit them, neeta bhushan said.
according to the consul general, akbar is recovering and has been shifted from icu to general ward.
he is in good spirits.
cgi chicago is monitoring his progress and rendering all necessary assistance, she said.
the cgi also informed that the indian student mohammed akbar, son of mohammed yousuf was shot during a cross firing in a dispute between two groups in chicago on december 6.
the consulate would like to inform all concerned that we are fully aware of the situation and providing all necessary assistance to the student and his family.
the consulate official visited the student at the hospital twice, she said.
it may be mentioned here that mohd akbar, a student of devry university was shot at near albany park when he was proceeding to a car parking.
he was shot at in the face by an unidentified gunman.
he was operated upon in the hospital.
islamabad/new delhi: india described as a positive development pakistan's announcement on friday that kulbhushan jadhav 's mother will be allowed to meet him on december 25 along with his wife.
islamabad also conveyed that it will ensure the safety and security of the women and also allow an indian official to accompany them.
pakistan accuses jadhav of being an indian spy.
we also raised concern about their safety and security in pakistan.
government of pakistan has conveyed that they will give visa to the mother and wife of kulbhushan jadhav, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted.
a secret pakistani military court, which tried jadhav on charges of espionage in pakistan, sentenced him to death in april.
but the international court of justice (icj) stopped pakistan from carrying out the sentence on may 18.
pakistan has turned down numerous indian requests seeking consular access to jadhav.
india has rejected the charge of spying and said jadhav was denied justice.
mea spokesperson raveesh kumar welcomed the development, saying the next step would be to consult jadhav's mother and wife to work out modalities of their visit.
it is good news as far as we are concerned.
we have been seeking access for both mother and wife for a long time.
we are happy that it has been considered and access is being given (to jadhav), kumar said at a briefing, adding that pakistan's decision was a positive development.
it is not clear though whether the indian diplomat accompanying the duo will be given access to jadhav.
pakistani officials said the decision was taken purely on humanitarian grounds.
islamabad had informed the indian high commission in november that it would allow jadhav to meet his wife on humanitarian grounds.
in response, the mea had said his mother and an official of the indian high commission should also be allowed to meet him.
pakistan claims jadhav was arrested on march 3, 2016, in balochistan's mashkhel area, a claim rejected by india.
new delhi said jadhav was a retired indian navy official and was abducted from iran.
following his arrest, jadhav was presented to the world at a dramatic press conference.
washington: india needs to be central to what the trump administration does in south and central asia, us secretary of state mike pompeo told the law-makers today, asserting that india ought to be one of america's closet partners.
for scores of reasons, india needs to be central to what we do.
specific issues -south central asia issues, southeast asia issues.
they ought to be one of our closest partners and we ought to do everything we can to make sure that we achieve that, he told the members of the senate foreign relations committee.
pompeo was responding to questions from senator chris coons from delaware about how to further strengthen the us-india relationship.
mr secretary, if you would like to say anything about how we can work with this most populous democracy, a potential strategic partner to strengthen that relationship, i'll make that my last question, coons asked.
he said sustaining a strategic dialogue with india was something that would enjoy strong support here.
pompeo responded that, defense secretary james mattis and i will jointly meet with our indian counterparts in a dialogue that the two countries have had.
i don't know that the date has been set but we're looking to do it.
i think it's set this summer,very important.
pompeo and mattis are expected to host their indian counterparts - external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defense minister nirmala sitharaman -some time this summer for the inaugural 2+2 dialogue.
the decision about this was taken when prime minister narendra modi was hosted by president donald trump at the white house on june 26 last year.
the us-india relationship enjoys bipartisan support in the us congress.
early this week, a top us state department official said the trump administration supports india's emergence as a leading global power and as a key partner in the indo-pacific region.
the us-india partnership is rooted in shared democratic values and a commitment to a rules-based order.
we support india's emergence as a leading global power and as a key partner in our efforts to ensure that the indo-pacific is a region of peace, stability and growing prosperity, state department spokesperson heather nauert had said.
this story is from january 31, 2019facebook had brought couple together: copsdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bengaluru: it was social media that brought raju and sushmaswaraj together and it proved to be their undoing too.
angry over his wife spending too much time on her smartphone and neglecting chores at home, the warehouse employee bludgeoned her to death and strangled their three-month-old baby within hours of each other.
the murders, committed near bidadi on the outskirts of bengaluru on january 20, came to light after the ramanagara district police took sk raju in for questioning.
he reportedly confessed to having murdered sushmaswaraj and the baby boy (yet to be named) as she was addicted to facebook and instagram and did not cook or clean on time.
this is perhaps the first time that we have come across a murder triggered by social media addiction.
it is a pointer to how social media can wreak havoc in rural families, probe officer told toi.
the irony is that their love story began on facebook, said an investigating officer.
raju, a resident of gangondanahalli near madanayakanahalli, had befriended 25-year-old sushmaswaraj , of kyathsandra near tumakuru, on facebook two years ago.
friendship turned into love and she became pregnant before marriage.
following this, her parents gave the green signal for the relationship and the two got married six months ago.
the couple stayed at gangondanahalli and had a son three months ago.
over the past few weeks, though, raju was increasingly upset over sushmaswaraj spending too much time on her smartphone.
he also suspected her of chatting with others unknown to him and tried to confront her on the issue, police said.
argument turned into fights and days later, raju decided to get rid of her.
he told police that he took her and the baby on his bike on the evening of january 20 to a eucalyptus grove off the hejjal- mutturayanapura road near kumbalgodu forest area.
here, he struck her on the head with a stone repeatedly until she died.
he poured petrol on her body and set it on fire, police said.
he then strangled the baby and threw the body into the bushes and fled the spot.
raju came under the police scanner after sushmas mother lodged a complaint at madanayakanahalli police station on january 26, saying her daughter and grandson had gone missing and she suspected foul play by raju.
during interrogation, he allegedly confessed to the killings.
police are yet to locate the babys body.
beijing: india may push for extradition of nirav modi , whos suspected to be hiding in hong kong, during the informal summit between pm narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping on april 27-28.
sources said apart from the border dispute between india and china, nirav modis extradition is likely to be discussed later this week.
china has left it to the local authorities in hong kong to take a decision but it is no secret that beijing will take the final call because nirav has strong connections with hong kong-based billionaires.
getting nirav modi deported to india would boost the governments image which is something that beijing would use as a bargaining chip, sources said.
meanwhile, defence minister nirmala sitharaman joined external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in beijing on monday evening in the task of laying the ground for the modi-xi summit.
sitharaman will attend the meeting of the shanghai cooperation organization along with swaraj and ministers from china, russia, and central asian countries on tuesday.
china signalled the extent of its seriousness about the modi-xi summit when chinese vice-president wang qishan, the former anti-corruption czar who is regarded to be close to xi, held a meeting with swaraj on monday.
wang said he expected the two top leaders to reach more strategic consensus on bilateral ties and issues of common concern.
the modi-xi summit is seen by both sides as an essential move but also something that carries serious risks.
the border dispute, which resulted in a 72-day standoff at doklam until last august, will be the most important focus area.
officials on both sides are closely reviewing the multi-dimensional aspect of the boundary dispute to identify specific areas where concrete steps could be taken instead of adding to the several dispute resolution mechanisms that are already in place, sources said.
talking about the modi-xi summit, chinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang said, during this meeting, the two leaders will discuss the changes that have taken place and which are unprecedented in the past 100 years and exchange views on the strategic, over-arching and long-term issues concerning our bilateral relations.
this story is from december 14, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajindia is looking to turn up the heat on islamabad for the release of mumbai youth hamid nehal ansari who crossed over to pakistan looking to meet a woman he had apparently fallen in love with.
the government issued a note verbale to pakistan on december 11 seeking immediate repatriation of ansari, official sources here said.
the government also sought release of 11 other indian civilian prisoners who have served their sentence in pakistani jails and whose nationality has been confirmed.
the note verbale for ansari is significant as it comes days ahead of the end of his prison term on december 16.
pakistan has so far remained non-committal on the issue of his repatriation.
in the absence of any substantive engagement, india and pakistan have mostly focused on promoting religious tourism and addressing issues related to prisoners and fishermen.
while pakistan has released indian fishermen at regular intervals, india is upset that islamabad never allowed any consular access to ansari.
as the government pointed out before pakistan authorities, india had sought consular access to ansari on at least 95 occasions before the december 11 note verbale.
ansari has been in pakistans custody for around 6 years now, including his pre-trial period.
india has so far not received any official communication from pakistan on the nature of the charges against ansari.
india has described the denial of consular access to ansari as violative of all international diplomatic and humanitarian norms.
pakistan media reported in august this year that the peshawar high court had asked islamabad to deport ansari to india immediately after the completion of his 3-year sentence.
the indian government has also not taken kindly to the fact that despite ansari being a civilian, his trial was carried out by a military court.
while ansari was arrested in 2012, his name, according to indian authorities, was included in the list of indian prisoners by pakistan only in january, 2016.
the government has also urged pakistan to expedite visas for a team of indian medical experts constituted to visit pakistan to examine mentally unsound, women, children and elderly prisoners awaiting repatriation to india.
india has offered a similar arrangement to pakistan for examination of pakistani prisoners here.
india and pakistan had arrived at an agreement over the humanitarian issue of prisoners last year in october after a meeting between foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and pakistan high commissioner sohail mahmood.
swaraj had suggested that both countries cooperate in matters related to mentally unsound prisoners and also juvenile, elderly and women prisoners.
she had also suggested revival of the joint judicial committee mechanism for visiting jails.
pakistan had accepted these proposals in march, 2018.
while india has reconstituted its joint judicial committee, it has not been able to visit pakistani jails because of, according to indian officials, lack of approval from islamabad.
according to indian estimates, there are 49 indian civilian prisoners and 482 fishermen lodged in pakistan jails.
the nationality of 370 of these fishermen has been confirmed.
according to indian authorities, pakistan has not provided consular access to any indian prisoner since july 1, 2018.
in march and june though, pakistan did provide india access to a few indian prisoners.
krishnagar: family members of one of the two victims, who hailed from bengals nadia, have finally got closure, but its something they were not looking forward to.
khokon sikdars family is reluctantly coming around to accepting his death.
when someone responsible like external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is saying so, theres very little option left, said a relative.
speaking to toi from her home in ilshamari-madhyapara village in nadias tehatta, khokons wife namita said: deep inside, i cant believe he is no more.
but after this announcement at the highest level, i have no option but to accept it.
the family of samar tikadar , the other victim who hailed from mahakhola village, could not be reached.
tikadar hailed from mahakhola village in nadias chopra.
both tikadar and khokon were construction workers in mosul.
the centre had, on february 9, sent a team to nadia to collect blood samples from khokons college-going daughter rita , five-year-old son abhro and khokons sister anita, who lives nearby with her husband subhas.
we didnt quite understand why they took the samples.
today, it is clear it was for dna tests, said subhas.
this story is from february 15, 2019tcp minister vijai sardesai and south goa mp narendra sawaikar addressed ecnr issues on thursday in margao.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
margao: ahead of the parliamentary polls that will be declared soon, minister for town and country planning vijai sardesai and south goa mp narendra sawaikar on thursday attempted to woo the seafarer community by addressing their issues during the inauguration of a post office passport seva kendra (popsk) in margao stating that a large number of passport-related work was from salcete, sardesai said that the popsk will ease the difficulties of the people from south goa who had to travel to panaji for the purpose, even as he stressed on the need for ecnr (emigration check not required) stamping facility for passports to be restarted in goa.
he urged sawaikar to take up the issue with the centre.
people need to travel to mumbai for ecnr clearance which earlier would be done in goa, he said.
while acknowledging the need for a full-fledged passport officer for goa, sawaikar said he has already apprised external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about the issue and was confident the demand will soon be met.
i am taking the responsibility of ensuring that a full-fledged passport officer will soon be appointed for goa.
i have also suggested that they, if need be, request the goa government to lend one of their officers to be posted as the passport officer; the goa government will be willing to accede to the request, he said.
further stating that he took up the issue of ssc qualification being made mandatory for indian cdc (continuous discharge certificate, a seafarer's identity document) during his meeting with union minister for shipping nitin gadkari , sawaikar said he expected a circular to be issued by the centre soon about relaxation in the rule.
sawaikar, had earlier written to gadkari pointing out that an estimated 1,000 goan seafarers could be rendered jobless due to the new rule.
regional passport officer, t d sharma, senior superintendent of post offices, archana gopinath, and south goa collector agnelo fernandes also spoke on the occasion.
this story is from february 16, 2019the car rally being flagged off in patna on fridaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: participants of suraksha yatra, a motor car rally of 7,000km from new delhi to myanmar, were given a warm welcome here on their arrival on friday.
state transport minister santosh kumar nirala later flagged off the cars for their onward journey.
the rally is an initiative of union ministry of road, transport and highways to commemorate 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
it was officially launched by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and road, transport and highways minister nitin gadkari in new delhi on february 4 as part of the 30th road safety week.
the 11 cars in the rally are driven by people from cross sections of society, including armed forces and freedom fighters.
the rally will cover places associated with mahatma gandhi in three countries  india, bangladesh and myanmar.
addressing the gathering, nirala said messages and principles of mahatma gandhi would be spread among the masses to highlight awareness about road safety.
before flagging off the car rally, a two-minute silence was also observed at the venue  gandhi maidan  to pay homage to the crpf jawans who sacrificed their lives in pulwama terror attack.
the minister also paid floral tribute to the statue of gandhi at gandhi maidan.
transport secretary sanjay kumar agarwal said several activities have been conducted across the state to observe the road safety week.
the rally will make people aware about road safety.
it will conclude at yangon in myanmar on february 24, covering a distance of over 7,000km, he said.
agarwal said stickers and boards of no-honking have been put up across the city with the help of students and non-government organisations as part of the road safety week.
awareness is very important to stop road accidents, he said.
agarwal added altogether 6,715 people died in the state in road accidents in 2017-18 alone.
of them, 52  were in the age group of 15 to 35 years.
at least 32  of accidents involved two-wheelers, he said.
guwahati: bjp nationalgeneral secretary kiron maheswari on sunday said l k advani's jan jagaran yatra would reach the city on october 20 after the bjp leader addresses a gathering in itanagar the same day.
the scheduled date of the yatra was earlier fixed on october 14.
the rally would be held at sonaram school field here.
the jan jagaran yatra would not only highlight the recent controversial landswap deal inked between india and bangladesh, it would also press the centre to impose president's rule in manipur.
the basic objective of the yatra is to spread awareness among the people on sensitive issues like inflation, good governance and corruption.
besides, bjp will also oppose the recent land-swap pact that enables the centre to give away assam's land to bangladesh.
we condemn the role of theprime minister and assam chief minister tarun gogoi in the entire episode, said maheswari, while addressing the media here.
echoing her, bjp national vice-president and incharge of the yatra in the state, bijoya chakraborty, described chief minister tarun gogoi as a weak leader.
it's only because of gogoi's weak leadership that even neighbouring nagaland is asking for land now.
the chief minister is so frightened that he didn't even visited the tense areas himself and sent his officials instead to take stock of the situation.
he will not even hesitate to give away merapani area too, said chakraborty.
on saturday, the chief minister asked the home secretary to visit the tense merapani area of golaghat district where people from nagaland have allegedly occupied assam's land.
pointing to the ongoing road blockade in manipur, maheswari said advani's public rally here would also highlight the present crisis in manipur as the bjp leader would not be able to visit the neighbouring state due to time constraints.
the people of manipur are suffering because of economic blockades imposed on national highways.
however, the congress government, both in manipur and the centre, has done nothing to bring back normalcy in the state.
the yatra will demand president's rule in manipur, said maheswari.
the bjp leader denied any rift within the party regarding the jan jagaran yatra after senior party leader narendra modi denied his participation in it.
modi has never rejected the idea of the rally and he, too, will join it in accordance with party demands.
there is no rift inside the party for the rally, said maheswari.
senior bjp leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj, arun jaitley and murlimanohar joshi are likely to accompany advani during his jan jagaran yatra.
the rally will head to west bengal from here and will end at ramlila maidan in delhi on november 20, just ahead of the winter session of parliament.
it would cover 23 states within a span of 40 days.
chandigarh: ruling allies of punjab, shiromani akali dal and bharatiya janata party, have decided on their seat sharing formula for the forthcoming assembly elections of the state.
bjp will be contesting on 23 seats.
the party would give up its claim on the garshankar seat in lieu of ludhiana (west).
the batala and amritsar (east) seats are also likely to be bartered.
senior shiromani akali dal leaders have ruled out that the party would ask for another seat from bjp in the assembly elections.
there would be a seat swap, said senior akali leader sukhdev singh dhindsa.
the seats are likely to be finalized by sunday after deliberations with top leaders in the bjp, including its president nitin gadkari, sushmaswaraj swaraj and arun jaitley, who are in jalandhar for a political rally.
bjp has been in a denial about sad asking for one more seat this time, that of rajpura.
bjp mla from batala, jagdish sawhney, has already voiced his discontent to the party leaders in delhi over the possible exchange with amritsar (east).
rajpura mla raj khurana told toi, bjp will not give up my seat.
sad president has given personal assurance that the seat would not be demanded.
recently, rs 1 crore in cash were recovered from a vehicle parked outside khurana's house during a central bureau of investigation raid.
it was expected that following the finding, bjp might let go of the rajpura seat.
senior bjp leader j p nadda told toi, the number of seats that bjp will fight on won't be reduced.
however, we are finalizing the exchange.
bjp's senior leader laxmikanta chawla, who was also cabinet minister, had made her intentions known for not contesting the election over a year ago.
bjp has been demanding the ludhiana (west) seat and insiders of the party said that it wanted the constituency for its former president rajinder bhandari, who was recently accorded a cabinet rank by state government.
though ludhiana (west) seat vacated by harish rai dhanda is primarily a sikh constituency won by the akalis twice in the past three elections, bhandari is keen to contest from here.
however, sad has to put its own house in order since the local akali leadership has threatened to revolt against the bjp nominee.
bellary: he risked, he challenged and he won, much to the chagrin of all.
this, in a nutshell, may surmise the victory of former bjp minister and independent candidate b sriramulu in the bellary (rural) assembly bypoll.
but the margin of the victory - a more-than-comfortable 46,790 - has not only given sriramulu the much-needed political relief'' but also proved that he is capable of taking the battle into his rivals' camp even in the absence of his mentor in jail, g janardhana reddy.
though it remains to be seen whether his victory will result in another churning in karnataka politics, it is clear that bellary voters have not taken kindly to attempts to tarnish the reddys.
former chief minister b s yeddyurappa's apology for handing over bellary district to the reddys, and the congress slogan of liberating the 'republic of bellary' from the mining barons appears to have cut no ice with the voters.
sriramulu's show also signals the emergence of a leader from the valmiki community, which is present in sizeable numbers in bellary, chitradurga, mysore and chamarajanagar districts.
it was a diffident sriramulu who had chosen to step out of janardhana reddy's shadow to fight the election.
i was quite nervous and on some occasions, i asked myself whether i had erred by resigning,'' he told toi.
sriramulu's immediate task will be to launch a new outfit, which he has been referring to as the third front.
in his chequered political career, sriramulu has fought such battles single-handedly.
he had learnt his ropes of politicking as a car driver to former congress minister c basavarajeshwari.
after debuting in politics as a congressman, he was elected as a bellary city councilor.
he soon came in contact with the three reddy brothers and switched allegiance to the bjp.
in the bellay parliamentary byelection in 1999, when aicc president sonia gandhi took on bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj, the reddy brothers and sriramulu caught the attention of their 'taayi' (swaraj).
the 2008 polls pitchforked the bellary quartet into the limelight, when they ensured a near whitewash for the opposition in their home district.
besides, they propped up the bjp by ensuring the victory of at least 30 mlas from the hyderabad-karnatak area.
chandigarh: for the teachers and students of panjab university pu ), april 11, 2017 will always be a black day in the history of the university.
it was the day of several firsts in the university.
stones were pelted for the first time on the campus, around 60 students were booked by the police and tear gas and water cannons were used to disperse students.
yes , such violence was something that the university had never witnessed before.
the university, however, also cited reasons for the hike in fees.
the university witnessed went through acute financial problem.
pu, one of the oldest universities of india, which has given the country the likes of manmohan singh and sushmaswaraj swaraj , had no money to pay the salaries of its teachers.
the situation aggravated so much that the governing bodies of the varsity, after extensive calculations, had reached at the decision to hike the fee to generate revenue.
the violence took place on the campus on april 11.
at first, the students were booked for sedition by the chandigarh police.
however, the charges were dropped within a few hours.
students for society (sfs), a left student organisation, which has gained popularity on the university campus in the recent years, became the face of this fee-hike protest.
in fact, majority of the students booked were from the sfs.
this had come merely a month after the ramjas college clash and jawaharlal nehru university (jnu) row.
it was also during this time that the term universities under attack was widely used on the campuses and everywhere else.
however, when a clash of this magnitude happened in the university, it did send a strong message to the authorities that the students will stand up for their right.
the special senate meeting of may 7, 2017, was another big day for the students struggle.
the senate took the decision to roll back the massive fee hike and it was termed as the victory of students struggle.
but the only victory was not the roll back of the fee hike.
it was on june 21 when it was announced that the centre had enhanced pus budget by 6  and the punjab government also enhanced the budget to rs 33 crore.
well, many say that it was a combined effort of the universitys vice-chancellor prof arun kumar grover, who ran from pillar to post to get the funds and the result of the continuous struggle of the students.
but did this entire students struggle have an impact?
yes, it certainly had a long-lasting impact.
so much so, that not only the massive fee hike was rolled back to 10 , even after eight months of this clash, the pu governing body members have deferred the proposal to hike fee in the slab of 5  to 10  not once, but twice.
of struggle, success and moreapril 5 | a fee hike protest started on a peaceful note with around 10 girls at the post graduate government college for girls, sector 11.
the protest turned violent when around 600 students joined in and locked the gate of the college in protest of the fee hike.
the students then marched towards pu.
april 6 | all student outfits of pu gathered when the protest call was given by sfs demanding a total rollback of the fee hike in pu.
after the meeting of 17 student representatives from different student outfits with the vice-chancellor, the students outside the v-c office broke open the outer gate of his office.
april 11 | students boycott classes on a call given by the student bodies and the violence took place.
noida: the family members of wipro techie richa sisodiya (24) are pained at her brutal murder and said they did not know she was in such a deep trouble.
they family also wants the police to arrest the fourth accused, sister of richas husband, in the case.
richa was attacked by her husband of two years, kuldeep raghav, with a wooden stick and a knife, and she was declared brought dead in a private hospital on wednesday night.
richas father shailendra sisodiya said his daughter had earlier complained about the trouble but did not reveal the details.
i felt the matter would be resolved.
the accuseds family had been demanding dowry.
kuldeeps mother sushmaswaraj and sister annu provoked her husband to make her life difficult, he said.
sisodiya said richa used to share all information with her school friend, fatima sayeed , who lives in bilaspur .
fatima is like my daughter.
she later told me that richa was tortured by her husband.
she was asked to quit the job, i agreed even to that.
i did not know my daughter would be murdered like this, he said.
fatima said richa used to share her problems with her.
i thought it was a husband-wife issue.
in the last whatsapp chat, she told me that she was not allowed to go to office for three days.
she appeared upset and refused to share details of the fresh trouble, she said, adding that richa was not even allowed to spend her own money by her inlaws.
sisodiya said on wednesday evening, he received a call from kuldeeps father raghuraj, saying that richa has been fatally wounded.
when i reached there, i found my daughter lying in a pool in the washroom.
she had received fatal injuries and blood loss.
i feel a criminal conspiracy by all the four family members in richas murder.
they also immediately started manipulating evidences and washed the blood from the spot, he said.
this story is from january 4, 2019external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the ministers comment came during the question hour to a query raised by shiv sena member sanjay raut if there was any discussion on the rafale deal during the recent visit of french foreign minister jean-yves le drian to india.
however, she said from his body language it appeared that the french minister was happy that the controversy around the issue was settled after the sc verdict.
we had our meeting scheduled for 10am on december 15.
on that day, the sc verdict (on rafale deal) was pronounced.
this issue (rafale deal) was not on the agenda of discussion but i was still ready with all details in case the matter came up for discussion.
no discussion happened on the matter, she said.
congress leader anand sharma demanded that the government make public the minutes of the meeting of pm modi and then french president fracois hollande on the rafale deal in a bid to settle the controversy.
swaraj replied: there is no controversy.
controversy is there in your mind.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday ruled out the possibility of starting the comprehensive bilateral dialogue process with pakistan in the current circumstances even as she acknowledged that the nsas were talking and track ii neemrana dialogue was recently held between the two countries.
the minister said indias position had nothing to do with the upcoming elections in pakistan.
dialogue doesnt make sense when there are bodies piling up at loc and when infiltration continues unabated.
as for the nsa dialogue, we agreed to it because we believe we have talks on terror with pakistan, added swaraj.
swaraj also attacked pakistan for the recent promulgation of gilgit-baltistan order which, she said, sought to turn the region into another pakistan province.
india had registered a strong protest with pakistan on sunday but islamabad responded by accusing india of making legally untenable statements and by claiming that the entire state of j&k was disputed.
pakistan which doesnt believe in rule of law is trying to teach us history but when i saw their reaction, i felt like saying look, whos talking, said swaraj.
the minister was angered by a question which accused the government of flip-flops in its position on pakistan and accused the correspondent who asked the question of acting like a spokesperson of the congress party.
a visibly upset sushmaswaraj swaraj also attacked congress on monday for the suggestion that she had been marginalised by the pmo and that her role was confined to handling twitter for the external affairs ministry.
how is it that im able to answer all your queries if i know nothing about foreign policy, she said in what appeared like an emotional outburst.
my twitter is doing the job of connecting mea with commoners, she said.
pm modi and iranian president rouhani (file photo)bishkek: prime minister narendra modi on friday could not hold a bilateral meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani on the sidelines of the sco summit here due to scheduling issues, official sources said.
according to a schedule put out by the external affairs ministry, modi was to meet rouhani at 3:35 pm (local time).
as banquet for the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) leaders got extended, the two leaders could not meet, sources said.
modi arrived here thursday on a two-day visit to attend the annual summit of the sco.
he held bilateral meetings with chinese president xi jinping , russian president vladimir putin and afghan president ashraf ghani it was expected that modi and rouhani would discuss a range of issues including the us sanctions on import of iranian oil and implementation of the chabahar port project.
the meeting was keenly awaited as it was to take place amid escalating face-off between iran and the united states on tehran 's nuclear programme.
the six-month-long exemptions from us sanctions to india and seven other countries to buy oil from iran expired on may 2 as washington did not extend it.
early last month, iranian foreign minister javad zarif visited india in the wake of the us decision to not continue the exemptions to india and other countries.
in her meeting with zarif, then then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj conveyed to him that india will take a decision on the import of iranian oil after the lok sabha polls, keeping in mind its commercial, economic and energy security interests.
india, the world's third biggest oil consumer, meets more than 80 per cent of its oil needs through imports.
iran was its third largest supplier after iraq and saudi arabia till recently.
indo-iran ties have been on a upswing in the past few years.
prime minister modi visited tehran in may 2016 with an aim to craft a strategic relationship with iran and expand india's ties with the west asia.
during the visit, india and iran signed nearly a dozen agreements, centrepiece of which was a deal on development of the chabahar port.
later, india, iran and afghanistan signed a trilateral agreement providing for transport of goods among the three countries through the port.
this story is from december 21, 2018chinese foreign minister wang yi (ap)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
beijing: chinas state councilor and foreign minister wang yi is expected to arrive on friday in new delhi on a two-day visit during which he will co-chair a meeting on developing people-to-people relations between the two countries.
the government recently invited huawei, the chinese telecom giant, to start 5g trails in india.
huawei is desperately seeking new markets at a time it faces stiff resistance in the western world over allegations that it poses security risks.
the indian move amounts to extending a hand of friendship at a crucial time when the us and chinese governments are engaged in a bitter quarrel over the recent detention of a top huawei official in canada at the instance of the us.
the official was later released on bail but has not yet been cleared of the charge of selling components to iran in defiance of a us ban.
but china is unlikely to be satisfied with the huawei gesture and new delhis decision to relax visa rules for chinese who visit india to attend conferences and wants india to accept its belt and road initiative (bri).
new delhi is opposed to it because one stretch of the bri passes through disputed pakistanoccupied kashmir.
but china has stepped up efforts to persuade myanmar and nepal to implement the programme and build indirect pressure on india to accept it.
besides meeting external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and possibly pm narendra modi , wang will attend an india-china film festival in new delhi on friday .
the effort is to leave behind the shadow of the 73-day doklam border dispute which ended in august 2017.
efforts to build people-topeople relationships picked up momentum after the informal summit between pm modi and chinese president xi jinping in wuhan last summer.
new delhi: seeking to strengthen bilateral trade and investment, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and visiting russian deputy pm dmitry rogozin took stock of economic ties between the two countries.
the two leaders co-chaired a meeting of the india-russia inter-governmental commission on trade, economic, scientific, technological and cultural cooperation (irigc-tec).
defence minister nirmala sitharaman also met rogozin and held wide-ranging talks with the focus on further boosting the bilateral defence and security ties through joint manufacture and co-development of key military platforms and weapon systems.
external affairs minister and deputy prime minister of russia rogozin undertook a comprehensive review of economic cooperation in the areas of trade and investment, transport, energy, agriculture, industry and space under irigcec (framework), mea spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
on his third visit to india this year, rogozin later called on pm narendra modi .
the pm noted with satisfaction the marked increase in highlevel exchanges this year and warmly recalled his own visit to st petersburg in june for the annual bilateral summit, said the government in a statement.
prime minister and deputy prime minister rogozin discussed the steady expansion and diversification of bilateral ties, particularly noting the standout collaboration in the energy sector and the common pursuit of hightechnology cooperation, it said.
sitharaman was also said to have apprised rogozin about various policy initiatives taken by the government to encourage the domestic defence industry and added that russian companies can take advantage of the reform measures and share defence technologies for manufacturing of military equipment and platforms.
lucknow: samajwadi party chief akhilesh yadav and party patriarch mulayam singh yadav on tuesday described naresh agarwal's exit from the party as good riddance.
akhilesh also questioned bjp's silence over agarwal's comment on sp's rajya sabha candidate jaya bachchan and sought action against him.
a former national general secretary of sp, agarwal joined bjp on monday with his son nitin, sp mla, after he was denied a ticket to the rajya sabha.
sp has nominated jaya bachchan as the party candidate for the lone seat that the party can secure with 47 mlas.
soon after joining bjp, agarwal triggered a controversy by describing the three-time rs mp bachchan as someone who dances and acts in films.
i condemn the derogatory comments of naresh agarwal which are not only an insult for the indian film industry but also for all women in the country.
if bjp respects women, it should initiate action against him.
the women's commission should also act against agarwal, akhilesh tweeted on tuesday morning.
akhilesh said it was good that agarwal left the party.
when asked why action was not taken against agarwal while he was with sp, akhilesh said, i had asked him to show restraint.
but why is bjp not taking any action against him when its senior leaders have criticised him for his remarks on jaya?
akhilesh was referring to union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj's tweet where she described agarwal's comments as unacceptable.
he (agarwal) left sp.
it is good for sp.
we will never consider his resignation as a loss to our party, mulayam said in new delhi.
jalandhar/amritsar: punjab chief minister amarinder singh on tuesday urged union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take up the issue of alleged forced conversions of sikhs to islam in khyber-pakhtunkhwa region of pakistan, little realising that islamabad had already acted on the matter and suspended an official.
according to a statement issued on december 17, khyber-pakhtunkhwa chief secretary had already ordered suspension of the additional dc, who also tendered an apology.
an inquiry has also been marked against the officer.
meanwhile, muslims have also expressed solidarity with sikhs on this issue on social media and have demanded even stricter action against the officer.
request sushmaswaraj swaraj ji to take up this issue with pakistan.
we cannot allow the sikh community to be victimized in such a manner.
it's our duty to help protect the sikh identity and the @meaindia should pursue the matter at the highest level, tweeted the punjab cm on tuesday, while posting a report of a pakistan-based newspaper about the incident.
on december 15, sikhs of doaba town had alleged that assistant commissioner yaqab khan of thall subdivision of hangu in kp had forced the community members to change their religion during a meeting with him regarding a complaint.
according to reports, about 60 sikhs of doaba had demanded security from the administration despite having cordial relations with local landlords and tribal heads.
according to pak media, the issue came to the fore after assistant commissioner of hangu 'formally' asked a delegation of sikhs from doaba to embrace islam if they felt insecure, following which sikh minority leader farid chand singh lodged a formal complaint with dc hangu, against the assistant commissioner.
this story is from january 10, 2019a flyer, abraham samuel, alleged that an immigration officer at mumbai international airport told him to speak.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai: a flyer, abraham samuel , alleged that an immigration officer at mumbai international airport told him to speak in hindi to get clearance late on tuesday night.
the engineer from tamil nadu stated in a series of tweets that the officer was impolite despite being told that he cannot speak in hindi.
he also tweeted that he was denied clearance, but in another tweet mentioned that he left without lodging a complaint as his flight was at 1am.
it was retweeted over 1,700 times, while 2,200 liked it.
additional commissioner of police (special branch-immigration) supriya yadav said they are making inquiries and are trying to get in touch with the flyer.
the flyer was not stopped and cleared within three minutes.
the matter has taken place during this three minutes.
action will be taken against the personnel if found wrong, and the personnel will be made to undergo a spoken skill and counselling session, said yadav.
in tweets where he tagged union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and @meaindia, samuel pointed out, the immigration officer at counter 33 clearly profiled me, saw my indian passport and assumed that i should know hindi, and even after politely informing him that i do not know hindi, continued his impolite behaviour.
no one in india should be denied immigration for not knowing hindi!
such a disgraceful and arrogant behaviour by this immigration officer in counter 33 at mumbai!
hope this is the last instance of this in india!
he also tweeted, what a disaster!
reported the officer, hope they take action.
the only reason i left was because my flight was scheduled to be boarded at 1am.
otherwise, i would have stayed to lodge a formal complaint against this nincampoop (sic)!
how do idiots like him make way into the indian government?
he is a disgrace!
refuting the tweets, an immigration officer said, they were doing their duty.
they have to cross-check with flyers as some sri lankans had tried to clear immigration check with fake indian passports.
many lankans have been caught with fake passports, so such methods are used to verify and check if the flyer is really an indian.
sleuths of the central crime branch of police in chennai had last july busted a racket operating for more than three decades.
the racket, mostly catering to sri lankan tamils seeking to fly abroad, had the involvement of travel agents, personnel from the intelligence wing and postal department.
the racket helped foreign nationals procure an original passport for rs 3 -5lakh.
this story is from december 9, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: with voting for assembly polls completed and poll results scheduled on december 11, bjp has now decided to focus on 2019 lok sabha elections.
it has initiated a survey to shortlist candidates for ls elections in the state.
going by the current scenario, the party would have to change candidates on at least 12 ls seats, if not more.
bjp had won 27 of 29 ls seats in mp in 2014 in the modi wave.
but the picture has changed since then as three sitting mps - anoop mishra, nagendra singh and manohar untwal - have joined the fray for assembly elections.
morena mp mishra is contesting from bhitarwar in gwalior, while dewas mp manohar untwal is trying his luck from agar and khajuraho mp nagendra singh is in the fray from nagod.
counting for the assembly polls will take place on december 11, after which it would be clear whether party's decision to field these mps in assembly polls was correct or not.
moreover, three other mps have expressed unwillingness to contest 2019 ls polls, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the other two are shahdol mp gyan singh and mandla mp faggan singh kulaste.
sagar mp laxmi narayan yadav is also not keen on contesting 2019 ls polls after bjp gave the assembly election ticket to his son sudheer from surkhi constituency.
the fate of balaghat mp bodh singh bhagat is also uncertain owing to his bitter feud with state agriculture minister gauri shankar bisen.
similarly, controversy over betul mp jyoti dhurve's caste certificate may force the party to change its candidate or field dhurve from some other seat.
mandsaur mp sudheer gupta and satna mp ganesh singh are unpopular owing to the anger of upper castes in their constituencies.
the situation in indore is equally tricky owing to the rift between mp sumitra mahajan and bjp general secretary kailash vijayvargiya.
the bjp survey would focus on ground realities and winnability factor while recommending names of candidates for the ls polls.
the party may also consider new candidates from sidhi, bhind and a few other constituencies, as those who won in the 2014 modi wave are likely to face tough competition in the next year's ls polls.
bjp and its frontal organisations have already commissioned surveys to gauge the public mood ahead of ls elections.
bjp president amit shah has called a special meeting of party's youth wing in new delhi on december 15-16 to review preparations for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
bjp's youth wing leaders said that they will begin rural and urban outreach programme from january 2019 as per the instructions given by the central leadership.
sources said that amit shah will hold meetings with partymen to review the working of booth-level committees and greater use of social media to reach out to masses in a more effective manner.
bjp president will launch booth connect programme through the youth wing.
members will be responsible for publicising the welfare schemes launched by the central government.
the state bjp leadership has already formed committees of 10 members each to begin with the task of social media management, voters connect programme, rural and urban outreach and beneficiary contact drive.
the party has also asked prominent leaders to organise 10-km foot march after december 15 to reach out to every family before the crucial polls, said a senior state bjp functionary.
party leaders said it is the central election committee that would decide the candidates for ls and getting ground level feedback is a continuous process.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi asked nda leaders to works towards creating an environment in favour of holding simultaneous lok sabha and assembly polls , a bjp ally said after a meeting of the ruling alliance.
the bjp-led nda also passed a resolution hailing modi for his speech in the world economic forum in davos and the presence of heads of ten asean countries as chief guests at the republic day parade, sources said.
on the issue of simultaneous polls, modi said the leaders can start debating the matter and help create a positive atmosphere in its favour, a leader, who attended the meeting, said.
the prime minister emphasised on the need for holding the polls together, saying a continuous cycle of elections across the country harms developmental works due to enforcement of the model code of conduct, besides incurring a huge cost.
the nda meeting was preceded by a meeting of the bjp parliamentary party executive in which modi and party president amit shah stressed on the need for maximum presence of party mps in parliament to support the government agenda during the budget session.
absenteeism of a section of mps during sessions has been a concern for the party leadership.
the government is keen on the passage of contentious triple talaq bill and also the obc legislation, which envisages constitutional status for the obc commission, in the session.
the triple talaq bill criminalises instant divorce by muslim men.
the bjp parliamentary party executive also gave a standing ovation to modi for his davos speech and the presence of the asean leaders.
a party leader said the prime minister also credited women cabinet ministers, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman, for the two events.
modi spoke about the need for lawmakers to attend meetings of the parliamentary panels.
modi underlined the importance of the budget session, which started today, and said key issues would be taken up.
the session began with president ram nath kovind's address to a joint sitting of parliament.
finance minister arun jaitley also tabled economic survey and is scheduled to present the union budget, the last full budget of the modi government, on february 1.
greater noida: a 30-year-old salesman of a liquor shop died after he was accidentally shot by one of his two colleagues in surajpur late on thursday night.
the three were drinking and playing with a country-made gun outside their outlet after closing the shutters, police said.
anant singh, the victim, was rushed to a private hospital in a critical condition by two others, where he was declared brought dead.
originally from allahabad, anant lived in a rented accommodation in greater noida and had been working at the liquor kiosk for the past two years.
police said that anant and two other salesmen  samar bahadur and deepak  shut the shop around 11.
30 pm on thursday.
while having drinks and dinner outside their kiosk, the trio started playing with the gun that they had.
believing it was not loaded, they were pointing the gun at each other.
but deepak suddenly pulled the trigger and a bullet hit anants chest, said amit kumar shrivastava, circle officer 1, greater noida.
deepak and bahadur immediately rushed the victim to a nearby private hospital.
the hospital informed the cops and referred the victim to another private hospital, where he was declared brought dead, he added.
anants brother anil said he received a call from samar around 12 am.
he told me that someone had shot my brother, but he did not name the accused.
we reached the hospital around 2 am.
doctors said my brother had sustained a bullet in his chest and died.
anant had no enmity with deepak, he told toi.
a local resident in surajpur said, the three were speaking loudly and pointing fingers at each other while having liquor outside their shop.
suddenly we heard a gunshot and one of them collapsed.
police said deepak has been arrested and the shop sealed.
a case of murder under ipc section 302 has been registered.
the accused was produced in a court that sent him to 14-day judicial custody, said a police official.
the liquor kiosk management has assured financial assistance to anants family.
he is survived by his wife sushmaswaraj (28) and three-year-old daughter.
pm @narendramodi and vietnamese president quang held fruitful talks and discussed steps to further strengthen compr https://t.
co/omyxhvanmv  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1520062268000new delhi: prime minister narendra modi and vietnamese president tran dai quang on saturday discussed ways to enhance cooperation in key areas of defence and trade.
the two leaders discussed a range of issues, including cooperation in the field of nuclear energy.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen country's comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
quang was also given a ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhavan pm @narendramodi welcomes vietnamese president tran dai quang on his first state visit to india at the hyderabad house ahead of the bilateral talks.
india and vietnam enjoy warm and cordial relationship with common roots in history.
#acteastpolicy, kumar tweeted.
this story is from december 11, 2018central and state security personnel stand guard at the charminar segment counting centredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad:results of the assembly elections in telangana, which will be declared on tuesday, will play a key role in shaping political alliances in the country ahead of the 2019 lok sabha elections.
this is the only state where the congress formed a pre-poll alliance.
the no-holds-barred campaigning that the state saw, could well be a curtain-raiser for the battles that to be fought in 2019.
it would also test the strength of the glue holding together the congress alliancewith tdp, tjs and cpi.
much is at stake for the ruling trs as well as it gambled heavily by advancing assembly polls by nearly eight months.
a win will reinforce chief minister k chandrasekhar raos image as the tallest leader in the region.
if trs returns to power by securing around 60 or more seats, as two out of the three exit polls have predicted, kcr is likely to be propelled onto the national stage.
he has already spoken of forming a federal front against both congress and bjp.
a trs victory could also damage the grand alliance of non-bjp parties being knitted together by congress president rahul gandhi and tdp chief n chandrababu naidu.
kcr, confident of trs doing well in the lok sabha elections next year on the basis of the assembly results, can play kingmaker in the event of the nda not securing the required numbers.
with both rahul and naidu reaching across to other regional parties like sp, bsp and trinamool congress to take on a bjp-led nda unitedly in the lok sabha, a win by the congress-led alliance could have even wider ramifications nationally.
if neither the trs nor the grand alliance secure a simple majority, the situation can bring the bjp and aimim on to the centre stage, provided both retain their existing assembly seats and make further inroads.
it could also signal political instability in the state over the next five years and throw wide open the lok sabha verdict in the state next year.
statesman or popular neta: what will be fate of kcr?
sources said that in the event of a fractured verdict, congress has kept choppers ready to airlift its mlas to a friendly state like karnataka to avoid their poaching by trs and other parties.
for the ruling trs, the outcome of the election is important for several reasons.
k chandrasekhar rao had announced that he was forced to advance the assembly elections by eight months because of the excessive criticism he faced from the congress in the state assembly.
politically, the results will reflect whether the people consider kcr as good an administrator as he was accepted as a leader of the movement that led to the creation of telangana.
the congress-led alliance, or the prajakutami is hoping that the coming together of parties like the congress and the tdp on a single platform will help them against kcr.
given the high stakes, it was no surprise then that the telangana assembly polls saw several high-profile campaigners from all the major political players.
for the bjp, which contested in 118 seats, prime minister narendra modi, bjp national president amit shah, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, chief ministers from bjp-ruled states and many others campaigned.
for the praja kutami, naidu and rahul conducted several road shows, while sonia gandhi too addressed a public meeting at medchal.
new delhi: the legendary faiz ahmed faiz is best remembered for his poem 'bol ke lab azaad hain tere (speak, for your lips are free)'.
ironically, a controversy erupted on sunday over allegations that his daughter, urdu poet and pakistani national moneeza hashmi , was invited to asia media summit in delhi but was then denied permission to speak for unexplained reasons.
hashmi's son ali hashmi, in a tweet tagged to pm narendra modi and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, said, this is your shining india?
my 72-year-old mother, daughter of faiz, denied permission to participate in conference after being invited.
shame.
when contacted, the government spokesperson said he was unaware of any such development.
the list of speakers had been drawn up by asia pacific institute of broadcasting development , he added.
moneeza hashmi is an eminent tv and media personality in pakistan.
her family also runs the faiz foundation , named after the celebrated poet.
hashmi was scheduled to speak on the inaugural day, may 10, of the asia media summit.
in what is understood to be a last-minute change, hashmi's name was missing from the final list of speakers released by the government the evening before the inaugural session.
when contacted, the i&b ministry said it was not aware of hashmi's participation, or of the withdrawal of her name from the event.
press information bureau director general sitanshu kar said, i am not aware of such a thing having happened.
india was only hosting the event.
the list of speakers was finalised by the asia pacific institute for broadcasting development.
only they would know.
this is the first time india had hosted the summit, which comes under the unesco umbrella.
the aibd is an intergovernmental organisation servicing countries of the un economic and social commission for asia and the pacific in the field of electronic media development.
sources in the government claimed it was not unusual for a speaker to be invited and for the person's name to be dropped later in case a more fitting candidate was identified.
hashmi, however, was only informed about the change after her arrival in delhi.
while hashmi could not be contacted for comment, a note she wrote to a friend was released on social media on sunday.
it said, thank you for your and other friends support.
i leave it to your judgment to deal with this matter.
we the faiz family and faiz foundation will continue to work for peace between our two countries.
toi also wrote to aibd director chang jin seeking his comments but we are yet to get a response.
this is the second time this month that the ministry of i&b has courted controversy.
at the national film awards, the ministry had failed to inform awardees in advance that president ram nath kovind will break from tradition and give away awards to only 11 of the 125 recipients.
the last-minute announcement led to nearly 60 national awardees boycotting the event.
earlier, the i&b ministry also invited widespread criticism over its order that journalists found to be purveyors of fake news would lose their government accreditation.
the order was revoked in less than 24 hours after the prime ministers office intervened.
this story is from december 20, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: hamid nihal ansari, who returned to india after spending six years in a pakistani jail, on wednesday said the motivation to take care of his parents had sustained him during his imprisonment.
ansari (33), a software engineer, was arrested in pakistan in 2012 for illegally entering the country from afghanistan, reportedly to meet a girl he had befriended online.
authorities in pakistan had slapped charges of espionage against him.
after six years, when i saw them (his family) i was still in pakistan.
they were crying and spreading their arms while pakistani authorities were completing paperwork with me and i kept asking them to speed up.
i just ran towards them (family) and fell on my knees, 'ammi mujhe maaf kar de'.
i was asking for forgiveness from everyone, he told india today in an interview.
the mumbai resident, who returned to india after crossing the wagah-attari border, was imprisoned in the peshawar central jail after being sentenced by a military court on december 15, 2015.
on wednesday, he said he wanted to meet the girl because she was in distress.
she asked for help and i started hunting for a visa.
there were people from pakistan who posed as friends and said they would help.
i thought from the heart and not from brain.
they asked me to come through afghanistan.
they kept fake ids and documents in my pocket, he told the channel.
he said there were policemen waiting for him before he reached the girl's house and arrested him.
the moment i got arrested i thought i was doomed.
that moment i thought i was never going to go home but then as time went by i started getting hope that i would go home, he saidthe first three years i spent underground alone, sometimes they would give me food, and sometimes they wouldn't.
i had this motivation that i have to go back home and serve my parents.
i have given them a huge pain and this will be my repentance.
this is the least i can do, he said in the interview.
early wednesday, ansari had an emotional interaction with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj as tears rolled down his cheeks while narrating his ordeal.
officials said ansari became emotional while explaining the difficult phase he had to endure in pakistan.
according to official sources, india issued 96 notes verbales to pakistan seeking consular access to ansari.
the decision to release him was on account of relentless pressure from new delhi, they said.
this story is from february 9, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: 32-year-old ameena from hyderabad, who was promised a beauticians job, is now stranded in kuwait because of a travel agent who trafficked her.
the womans husband, shaik abdul razzak has approached the ministry of external affairs and the indian embassy in kuwait, seeking their help to rescue her.
ameena was learnt to have been approached by a travel agent in masab tank, who promised her a beautician job.
but, once she landed in kuwait on december 5 last year, she was forced to work as a housemaid.
she was working for 14-16 hours and is not even provided food and accommodation, her husband said in his letter to the external affairs ministry.
the matter has been brought to the notice of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
razzak also filed a complaint with naryanguda police against the travel agent.
in his letter, razzak said his wife had fallen ill due to heavy workload.
she has been cheated and made to travel to kuwait on the promise that she would be employed as a beautician but that did not happen, he said.
new delhi: the government is considering changes in the law to enable confiscation of an absconding nri husbands share of joint property and prevention of alienation of commonly held land to build pressure on delinquent spouses who refuse to answer court summons.
spurred by reports of several cases, many from punjab, of nri husbands who marry women promising an attractive lifestyle but turn deserters soon after, a group of ministers has shortlisted possible measures that will act as a deterrent and also help deliver justice to wives in distress.
these measures include a dedicated website for putting up unanswered summonses which will be set up by the ministry of external affairs.
if husbands facing legal action refuse to answer or evade summonses, these will be deemed to have been served once they appear on this website.
this is to deal with offenders who move countries and sometimes change identities to evade the legal process.
also under consideration are strict measures like revocation of passports in case of husbands who fail to respond to summonses and declaring them absconders.
compulsory registration of nri marriages within 48 hours of a wedding being solemnised is another measure that will be put on fast track now.
the development is significant as the gom, comprising of senior ministers like sushmaswaraj swaraj maneka gandhi and ravi shankar prasad , felt that there is a strong need to find solutions, even innovative ones, to tighten the law and bring the non-resident indian offenders to book.
singh chaired the deliberations.
the move will take the shape of a cabinet proposal after legal scrutiny.
the gom, which had considered the legal tenability of measures, is understood to be in agreement of the changes in the law that will be required.
according to officials, there will be a need to amend the code of criminal procedure (crpc), the marriage registration act and passport rules.
when b sreeramulu filed his nomination papers from badami, the script for a high-voltage battle in the states political history was written.
heli-hopping to badami and visiting molakalmuru by road from ballari, the 46-year-old bjp mp is being groomed by the bjp for possibly higher responsibilities in future.
speaking to, sriramulu recalled his association with union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the tai (mother) of the ballarireddys, saying her strength looms large in the district.
excerpts:it is not just these two constituencies.
i have been given the responsibility of 80 constituencies by the party.
i am shuttling between chitradurga, chamarajanagar, ballari, bagalkot and raichur.
every day i wind up at 2am.
i have built a good rapport in molakalmuru, so will spend little time there.
i fly to badami frequently.
he is a big leader and belongs to obc.
i am from the valmiki community, a tribal.
but the cm is going to pay for neglecting badami.
if he had been concerned, he could have spent rs 10,000 crore on krishna basin projects, a promise which congress made on the banks of the river.
yeddyurappa is right.
my only goal now is to bring bjp to power and see to it that yeddyurappa becomes chief minister.
both bs anand singh, congress candidate from (vijayanagar-hosapete) and b nagendra (kudligi) went to jail on the mining issue.
they have no moral right to preach basavannas tattvas to us.
my party has given tickets to g somashekara reddy and g karunakara reddy who were not involved in mining and have no cases.
the congress has taken both.
i can only say yeddyurappa has been magnanimous.
let me clarify that reddy and i are just friends.
i am not a businessman nor do i own a mine.
i have a clean image.
in the last 30 years, there has been no case against me.
reddys cases are still in court.
he belongs to the reddy community and i represent the valmikis.
reddy came to public life as an mlc and has not won a direct election.
i am from a zamindars family.
though my father was a porter in the railways, my mother was wealthy.
she inherited land from her mother.
i have no money.
people of ballari are in a pitiable state.
they have no money and no food.
mining activity has halted.
indore: a swayamvar of sorts will be held for pakistan-returned deaf-and-mute girl geeta as she will get to select her husband from a line of suitors at a two-day event in indore on june 7-8.
she will meet 14 candidates shortlisted by her and the administration.
six of them have no disabilities.
officials said it's important for the bride and groom to like each other, rather than matching of horoscopes.
one of the conditions geeta has is that she will marry only if the suitor completes a diploma course in sign language.
geeta's 'matrimonial ad', for a 'smart, deaf-mute boy', was posted on facebook in april by indore-based sign language expert gyanendra purohit .
it attracted around 60 marriage applications with suitors sending in cvs from across the country, including rajasthan, uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, bihar, madhya pradesh and gujarat all the cvs were sent to the external affairs ministry, where officials shortlisted 26 candidates.
of them, the prospective bride finalized 15 for the meeting.
following instructions from the ministry, the local administration will now organize a meeting between geeta and the selected candidates on june 7-8 at a hostel of the social justice department in pardeshipura.
on the first day, six persons have been called and eight on the second.
one of the suitors, who has a leg disability, has already met geeta.
of the 14 suitors invited to meet geeta, seven are deaf-mute and an eighth has a physical challenge.
purohit, who worked as interpreter for geeta during her initial days back in india, social justice department's joint director b s jain and zilla panchayat ceo neha meena are likely to be present at the meeting and help geeta take a decision.
geeta was found alone aboard the samjhauta express at lahore when she was seven or eight years old.
it is surmised that she accidentally boarded the train somewhere in india.
karachi-based edhi foundation took care of her while she lived in pakistan.
she returned to india in 2015.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
beijing: china on tuesday advised restraint to india and pakistan and gave a clear signal that it would not take sides to stand up for its ally pakistan.
i want to say that india and pakistan are both important countries in south asia.
a sound relationship and cooperation between the two serves the interests of both the countries and peace and stability in south asia, chinese foreign ministry spokesman lu kang said.
we hope that both india and pakistan can exercise restraint and do more to improve their bilateral relations, he said.
pakistan has been banking on chinas support since the pulwama attack and indias assertion that it would respond with force.
china has stood by the pakistani view of masood azhar, head of jaish-e-mohammed, and even played down a call for action from the un security council.
but on tuesday china showed no inclination to support pakistan after the air strikes.
china was careful not to upset india ahead of the meeting of russia , india and china in a chinese town, which will be attended by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi and russian foreign minister sergei lavrov.
significantly, the ministry indicated it has no objection to india describing it as a non-military strike at terror camps.
as for indias claim on taking action against terrorism, well, fighting terrorism is a global practice, lu said.
it needs necessary international cooperation.
india needs to create favourable conditions internationally for the same, he said.
lu was also non-committal to a question about pakistan foreign minister shah muhammad qureshis telephonic talk with wang yi on the pulwama terror attack.
during the phone call, wang listened carefully to (the) pakistan foreign minister.
.
.
and reaffirmed his opinion that the two sides need to advance their cooperation for peace and stability in the region, lu said.
this story is from december 5, 2018uma bhartidownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: firebrand bjp leader and union minister uma bharti on tuesday announced her decision not to contest the 2019 lok sabha elections.
after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who made her intentions clear last fortnight not to contest the polls citing health reasons, uma is the second woman minister in modi cabinet to do so.
talking to reporters in bhopal , uma bharti said she had announced her desire not to contest the polls much earlier than sushmaswaraj swaraj.
not quitting politics, need to serve ganga for 1-&-half yearsi am sorry.
i am not saying it today, i had announced it about a year ago, said the former madhya pradesh chief minister.
bharti said she would embark on a pilgrimage to devote time for ganga river and lord ram by leaving power.
the union minister for drinking water and sanitation was however quick to clarify that she was not quitting politics.
i am not taking sanyas (from politics).
sanyas is a different thing.
i will do politics till i live.
nobody can force me to leave politics.
i will do it while being in the bjp only.
but for one-and-ahalf year, i need to serve ganga (river), the union minister said.
bharti further announced that she would set out on a 2,500-km yatra (pilgrimage) along the ganga on foot from makar sankranti in january next year for nearly one-and-a-half year after relinquishing power.
i would not do anything for the next one-and-a-half years except (working) for the ganga and lord ram, she said at her official residence.
bhartis statement has come at a time when rss is demanding to expedite the process for construction of a ram temple at the disputed site in ayodhya.
bharti said a positive atmosphere should be created for bringing an ordinance on the ram temple construction at ayodhya and blamed congress national president rahul gandhi for vitiating the atmosphere.
this (ram temple) matter should be discussed with all political parties as court said that it (construction of the temple) is a matter of a dispute of land and not a dispute of faith, she said.
congress leader kapil sibal had intervened in the supreme court and said the case (hearing of ayodhya title suits) should not be heard (till 2019 elections are over), she said.
bharti said the congress party also has to take an initiative to create positive atmosphere for bringing such an ordinance.
the government would initiate a dialogue on the (ordinance) issue, but whether the people of the country would accept it, welcome it.
.
.
now, it is the responsibility of the congress to create this atmosphere because it had vitiated the atmosphere, she said.
there is no need for any agitation on the ganga (river) and the ram temple (as) we have (uttar pradesh chief minister) yogi adityanath in the state and modiji (prime minister narendra modi) at the centre, she added.
new delhi: israeli pm benjamin netanyahu sunday told foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj that using the inherent strengths of their relationship, based on their expertise in technology and people-to-people contacts, india and israel can form the relationship of the future.
this was shortly after netanyahu, accompanied by his wife sara, landed in delhi for a week-long visit to a rousing welcome - and a bear hug - by pm narendra modi at the airport.
the 2 leaders then drove to teen murti, which was renamed teen murti haifa chowk , to pay tribute to indian soldiers who lost their lives in the world war i fight to liberate haifa.
toi has learnt that the 2 countries, as they seek to catapult the relationship to the next level, will sign 7-8 agreements after the delegation-level talks and a private meeting between modi and netanyahu on monday.
significantly, this will include an mou on cooperation in oil and gas sector.
two other mous are likely to be signed in cyber security and joint film production.
netanyahu is only the second israeli pm to visit india, after ariel sharon in 2003.
modi hosted a private dinner for netanyahu and sara at his residence.
swaraj called on netanyahu for a meeting to set the agenda for the official talks on monday.
significantly, both agreed that india's position on the issue of us recognition of jerusalem as israel's capital was not going to have any adverse impact on ties.
india had last month voted in favour of a unga resolution which denounced president donald trump's decision to recognise jerusalem as israel's capital.
in his meeting with swaraj, in which he spoke about how the 2 countries can build the relationship of the future, netanyahu essentially made 3 points.
first, he said that he was deeply moved by the solemn ceremony at teen murti and also the fact that modi himself had received him at the airport.
modi in fact had reciprocated netanyahu's gesture of welcoming him at the airport when he visited israel last year.
second, netanyahu said that modi's visit to israel was a great moment in bilateral relations and that, while it was difficult to say it during the visit, with the hindsight of history it seemed remarkable .
third, netanyahu also said that the objective of his visit was to catapult relations to next level, grounded on people to people ties and with the use of latest technologies.
netanyahu, who is accompanied by 130 business delegates, will also address the india-israel ceos forum and a business summit on monday.
he will visit the taj mahal on tuesday before returning to delhi for participation in the raisina dialogue.
he will also visit ahmedabad and mumbai.
chandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh on monday asked union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to provide all necessary assistance to the families of the hostages killed in iraq in performing the last rites, along with giving an ex-gratia relief for them.
amarinder, who wrote to sushmaswaraj on the issue, also called her to speak to her personally to ensure that the centre makes efforts to bring back the mortal remains of the deceased to india for last rites.
sushma assured amarinder that the indian government was making arrangements to bring the last remains in coffins, with due respect being accorded to the deceased.
amarinder told her that his government would make arrangements for the coffins to be delivered to the families of the victims for the final rites.
he added that he had already directed the state government officials to personally visit the bereaved families to share the sad news.
in his letter to the union minister, amarinder pointed out that 29 of the deceased hailed from punjab.
while the state government had been providing a monthly assistance of rs 20,000, he said he would be grateful if the centre could also give them due assistance, given the special circumstances surrounding the matter.
amarinder earlier told mediapersons outside the vidhan sabha that the deaths of the 39 hostages should have been confirmed by the union government immediately after the lone survivor had revealed that the remaining hostages had been shot.
the families had been living under a pall of uncertainty all these years, which would naturally have aggravated their miseries manifold, he added.
hyderabad: a 45-year-old woman from the city who was allegedly treated like a slave by her husband in pakistan has been rescued and will return from lahore on wednesday.
mbt leader, amjed ullah khan , pursued the case with the external affairs minister and the high commission as the woman's husband was not allowing her to return.
she eventually got a visa and ajmed ullah khan sent her a flight ticket.
about 21-years-ago, mohammadia begum, a resident of new mohammednagar, bandlaguda, was allegedly tricked into marriage with mohammed younis.
the nikah was performed over a call with the man in oman.
after mohammadia begum went to oman, she realised the man was a pakistan national.
he took her to pakistan.
while four children were born to them in muscat , one more child was born after she was taken to pakistan.
her indian passport and visa expired.
in pakistan, the husband started ill-treating her and married another woman in oman.
with amjed ullah khan writing repeatedly to sushmaswaraj swaraj to help mohammadia begum, she was provided a visa.
the husband then refused to send her saying he will not bear the ticket expenditure.
amjed ullah khan who provided the ticket said mohammadia begum will reach delhi from lahore on wednesday afternoon and reach hyderabad in the evening.
he thanked sushmaswaraj swaraj and the indian high commission for the help in rescuing her and facilitating her return.
narendra modi landed in jakarta on tuesday +indonesia will seek a commitment from modi +new delhi: as pm, indonesia sought support from indian authorities for its bid to become a non-permanent member of un security council next month.
modi left for his 3-nation tour of indonesia, malaysia and singapore saying in his departure statement that his visit will give another boost to india's act east policy.
for india's support to its candidature and the success of his visit could well hinge on india's response, diplomatic sources said.
president joko 'jokowi' widodo and the indonesian foreign ministry have turned the campaign for non-permanent membership of the unsc into indonesia's top foreign policy priority.
it won't be an easy choice for india as indonesia is locked in a direct fight with the maldives for the unsc asia-pacific seat.
however, despite having earlier committed support to male, india is doing a serious rethink on its position ahead of the voting at the un scheduled for next week.
for india, maldives in the past few years has proved to be a soft underbelly in the indian ocean in the manner in which it has sought to undercut india's authority by ramping up ties with china.
there had been ups and downs in the past, there are (ups and downs) now also.
a vote for male might also be seen as an attempt to embolden a regime which defied all constitutional norms in the manner in which it recently implemented the emergency.
often, in fact, its behaviour has bordered on downright insult for india like in the way it refused recently to renew the letter of agreement for the choppers gifted by india to male.
indonesia needs votes from around 129 countries for membership and it seems to already have support from close to 120.
what is also playing on india's mind is that all asean nations are supporting indonesia and a vote from india will help it stand in solidarity with its asean neighbours.
the crucial unsc vote also comes at a time modi himself is looking to convince asean about how indispensable southeast asia is to india's foreign policy.
his decision to participate in the shangri la dialogue in singapore is also seen in that light.
as the largest asean nation, with a population of 270 million, indonesia can facilitate india's act east policy like no other.
the government sees indonesia as an important partner in counter-terror operations and maritime security.
indonesia is also an important trading partner in asean.
the bilateral trade volume between the 2 countries increased from us $ 4.
3 billion in 2005-06 to us $ 17 billion in 2016-17.
this story is from january 9, 2019parents of poosa sai krishna with trs working president k t rama rao in hyderabad on tuesday.
(image credit: @.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: trs working president k t rama rao has assured family members of poosa sai krishna , who was injured in a shooting incident in the us, that they would be assisted to travel to the united states of america to visit him.
ktr told the parents that the nri department had written to the consul general of india in chicago to help the victim get the required medical treatment.
the working president also said that he would speak to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to extend further assistance to krishnas family.
ktr said mahbubabad mp seetharam naik had personally met sushmaswaraj swaraj and urged the centre to ensure that the victim got all the required medical care in the us.
sai krishnas parents urged ktr for financial assistance, as he had no insurance.
while giving them an assurance that they would be helped in every manner, ktr requested special secretary in the cmo rajasekhar reddy to facilitate the travel of the family members to the us.
ktr also spoke to us consul general in hyderabad, katherine hadda, about facilitating their travel.
ktr said the state government would bear their travel expenditure and also provide them financial assistance.
the state government has already written to the consulate general of india, chicago, to grant visas for poosa mounika, sister of sai krishna and poosa shivanand, cousin of sai krishna for their visit to the us.
parents of the victim already have visas.
the general administration department of the government has also urged the cgi, chicago, to extend financial assistance to the victim under the indian community welfare fund.
poosa sai krishna from mahbubabad had gone to the us to pursue his masters at lawrence technological university, southfield, michigan.
new delhi: the government has secured the support of bjp on the bill to reform the pension sector by agreeing to the main opposition's demand that the scheme offer a minimum assured return and foreign investment be capped at 26 .
the new pension scheme (nps) will offer an option for an assured return of 8.
6  for investments in government bonds, while subscribers willing to take a higher degree of risk can look at other choices, where their contributions are invested in a mix of private and government placements.
an understanding over the pension fund regulatory and development authority (pfrda) bill was arrived at on monday at a meeting between finance minister pranab mukherjee and bjp leaders l k advani, arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj and yashwant sinha in parliament.
however, no consensus was possible with regard to the companies bill.
this is the second occasion on which the government and bjp have cooperated on the pfrda bill that seeks to give statutory cover to the nps in force since 2003.
the bill was introduced in parliament in the face of left resistance with bjp's backing and now its prospects of passage seem bright and it may be moved on wednesday.
the terms of the deal are on the lines of the recommendations of the finance standing committee of parliament that did not agree with the government's proposal that foreign investment in pension funds be raised to 49 , and also called for an assured rate of return, arguing that senior citizens should be given security on their investment.
the committee was also critical about the mediocre performance of the fund so far and the relatively low number of subscribers.
while the government looked uncertain about the bill last week, mukherjee's renewed bid for an agreement has borne fruit.
bjp also seems prepared to be more accommodative towards mukherjee, who the party feels is not needlessly combative towards the opposition.
passage of the pension bill will be an important gain for the government after the reverses it has suffered over reform initiatives like foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail apart from the finance standing committee turning down proposed changes in the banking laws that would have given private investors voting rights equal to their investment.
on the companies bill, government conceded bjp's demand for allowing limited liability partnership (llp) that would enable a group comprising only professionals from a category like chartered accountants or company secretaries to form their own company.
but the government has proposed so many changes to the bill - already scrutinized by a standing committee - that it is now looking very different.
the changes are in addition to those proposed by the committee, said bjp sources.
this story is from january 30, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: on january 2, 2015, thota mohan, a 50-year-old worker from jagtial called up his family from iraq to wish them a happy new year.
after he conveyed new year wishes, the line got disconnected abruptly.
there has been no information about him since, said his son thota lavan kumar.
on tuesday, nizamabad mp kavitha kalvakuntla responded to the plea of bandra seshagiri, a friend of thota mohan, to help trace him, and bring him back to india.
last year, kt rama rao, then nri affairs minister of telangana , had also tweeted to union external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj, urging her to direct the indian embassy in iraq to help thota mohan.
the family had also approached the state government, and a letter was reportedly written to the indian embassy in iraq about the matter.
my father has still not been traced, thota lavan kumar told toi on tuesday from dubai, where he has taken up a job.
according to the family, though there was a cctv footage of him getting into a car after spending time with his friends in erbil, he did not reach his place of residence.
he was trafficked to iraq by an agent and left there.
he did not even have an akama (local work permit and identity) there.
in january 2014, after he was taken to iraq, he was made to work in a soft drink company, and as there were problems there, he was asked to drive a truck.
the family was shaken when lalitha, thota mohans wife, met with an accident and died while she was going to meet kavitha kalvakuntla when was in jagtial.
lalitha was on her way to make a representation to the mp on april 18, 2017 to help trace her husband.
lalitha and her son thirumal were on a two-wheeler when their vehicle was hit by a tractor.
we lost our mother, and our father is still not traced, thirumal, who works in jagitial said.
with some telangana workers returning from iraq, the family is again pleading for help.
my daughter-in-law called & said that she has converted to islam & got re-married in pakistan.
i want to request th https://t.
co/6p7shkbjrv  ani (@ani) 1524169772000amritsar: a sikh widow who went to pakistan on pilgrimage has converted to islam and married a man in lahore she said she had met on social media.
kiran bala, 31, from garhshankar town in hoshiarpur , left behind three young children with her father-in-law to marry muhammad azam, who she says she has known for over a year and a half.
indian authorities are wondering if she was coerced into converting and marrying the lahore resident.
the shiromani gurdwara management committee has alleged that it amounts to a failure on the part of indian intelligence officials.
every year, before pilgrims are sent to pakistan in a jatha, their passports are inspected by indian authorities and many applications are rejected.
the present jatha has about 1,800 people.
while kiran, who has now taken the name amna bibi, claims she married and converted to islam of her own accord, her father-in-law, former granthi (sikh priest) tarsem singh, has appealed to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help him bring kiran back.
talking to toi over the phone from lahore on thursday, amna bibi said, it was not on facebook (that we met), it was social media.
she, however, refused to say which social media account she had used.
i did everything by myself, no one forced me to do anything, she insisted.
she then hung up, saying, please dont disturb me, i am in court and busy now.
kiran's father-in-law, tarsem singh spoke to news agency ani and said, my daughter-in-law called and said that she has converted to islam & got re-married in pakistan.
i want to request the prime minister, cm of punjab to take her out of this situation.
i suspect she might have fallen into the hands of isi.
amna had left for pakistan with an sgpc-led jatha to celebrate baisakhi via the attari land border on april 12.
on april 16, she went to lahore-based darul-ulaoom naeemia and embraced islam.
then she married azam.
rajkot: two sailors from mandvi town of kutch , who were released by iran on humanitarian grounds after languishing in jail for three years, will return home on wednesday.
ibrahim razak sap and sajid umar sumra, who were released on february 18, will land in ahmedabad on wednesday morning.
however, their families alleged their arrival was delayed due to lethargic approach of indian embassy in iran and their documents were also misplaced by iranian authorities.
they were kept in a lock-up inside the jail even after the order of their release was issued as the formalities were not completed.
all the documents of the sailoibrahim razak sap and sajid umar sumrars are lost.
they were taken to the local investigation agency and thereafter to indian embassy.
initially, embassy officials had no knowledge of their release and it was not possible for them to return without passport and other documents.
five to six days passed in all these procedures.
finally, indian embassy issued temporary passports to them, said noor mahmood thaim , whose younger brother is still in iran jail.
thaim is helping them with all the procedure for release.
sap and sumra neither had documents nor money to book air tickets to india.
indian embassy did not help them book the tickets.
i requested one of my relative in dubai to help them and he booked the ticket for them, thaim said.
the ships captain is still waiting mercy release and his documents are also lost.
his family in mandvi is worried that it may further delay the process of his release.
iliyas thaim, who did all the communication with external affairs ministry and indian embassy in iran on behalf of sailors family members, said, we have planned to take appointment of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to request her to pursue umars release with iran.
earlier, we went to delhi twice, but could not meet her.
now, we are taking the help of our mp to fix a meeting with her.
the news of their homecoming brought relief and happiness at the sailors houses.
everyone is happy that they are coming back.
but the happiness is incomplete because we all are waiting for my cousin to come back, umars cousin mushtak thaim said.
in august 2014, the sailors were on the ship which left dubai to go to yemen.
due to bad weather, the ship lost direction and entered iranian territory unintentionally.
there were 12 crew members on board of whom nine were released and three were charged under the iranian law.
they had been charged for illegal entry in iranian sea and illegal trading in iranian territory.
patna: at least five of the 39 indians killed in iraq by is hailed from bihar.
unconfirmed reports said six from bihar were among the dead.
according to ministry of external affairs moea ), the deceased from bihar are santosh kumar singh (35), bidya bhushan tiwari (36), adalat singh (37), sunil kumar kushwaha (38) and dharmendra kumar (39).
the identity of one raju kumar yadav, who is also believed to hail from bihar, is yet to be verified.
sources said santosh and bidya were natives of sahsraon village of andar block in siwan district.
coming from modest family background, they had gone to iraq in 2011 to earn a livelihood.
my brother and bidya worked in a construction firm in iraq.
a singleton, he was loved by everyone in the village.
we last spoke with him over the phone on june 12, 2014, santoshs brother pappu singh told toi on tuesday evening, adding the families had not yet received any official communication from the moea.
santosh is survived by brother, one sister, mother and father, who is a farmer.
i met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 11 times in delhi.
she always told us the indians had been taken hostage and were being made to work forcefully, said pappu, a class xii student.
bidyas uncle puroshottam tiwari sounded inconsolable.
i don't know what to say.
since 2014, i had been pleading with the government to bring him back and today they say he is no more, he told newsmen in siwan.
bidya is survived by his wife, two small children and mother, while his father passed away few years ago.
sushma swaraj had promised our uncle that she would get back my husband and others, but she failed, bidyas wailing wife poonam devi told reporters.
state home department sources said the state government had earlier been informed that 52 indian had been missing and they included five from bihar  all hailing from siwan.
of them, 39 have now been declared dead, an official said and added the state government was yet to receive any communication from the moea regarding the deaths.
pappu singh said the families had not yet received any official communication from the moea.
santosh is survived by brother, one sister, mother and father, who is a farmer.
i met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 11 times in delhi.
she always told us the indians had been taken hostage and were being made to work forcefully, said pappu, a class xii student.
bidya's uncle puroshottam tiwari sounded inconsolable.
i don't know what to say.
since 2014, i had been pleading with the government to bring him back and today they say he is no more, he told newsmen in siwan.
bidya is survived by his wife, two small children and mother, while his father passed away few years ago.
sushma swaraj had promised our uncle that she would get back my husband and others, but she failed, bidya's wailing wife poonam devi told reporters.
state home department sources said the state government had earlier been informed that 52 indian had been missing and they included five from bihar - all hailing from siwan.
of them, 39 have now been declared dead, an official said and added the state government was yet to receive any communication from the moea regarding the deaths.
this story is from november 28, 2018union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met pramilatai medhe, former pramukh sanchalika of rashtra sevik.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
in the last four-and-a-half years, we have been able to rescue 2,36,666 of our citizens who were in trouble on foreign soil, she said while speaking at a public dedication ceremony of a memorial of maushi kelkar, founder of rashtra sevka samiti in ram nagars shri shaktipeeth, on maushis 40th death anniversary.
she said the foreign policy initiatives by the narendra modi regime were unprecedented as we have been able to strike a perfect balance and managed good relations with the united states as well as russia, the two nations that were at loggerheads.
similarly, we had very purposeful ties with each of the clashing nations  saudi arabia and iran , palestine and israel, where modi became the first indian prime minister to visit.
swarajs visit to the city was her first after the bjp came to power in 2014.
she arrived at noon from delhi.
however, she did no visit the rss headquarters during the day-long visit.
for most bjp leaders and union ministers, calling on sarsanghachalak mohan bhagwat is customary.
perhaps because of her feeble health, she rested for a few hours after arrival, before attending the evening function, and flew back to delhi.
she also avoided talking to waiting reporters at the airport and at devi ahilya mandir in dhantoli where she rested.
maushiji dedicated her life to women empowerment, building confidence among girls.
had she been alive, she would have been happy to see how under the modi regime, campaigns like beti bachao, beti padhao and selfie-with-daugther evoked mass appeal.
also, the drive against female foeticide had succeeded, she said.
the renovated memorial designed by architect satpute comprises a statue, library and a temple.
this story is from november 6, 2018sultan ahmad was in us on oct 26download the times of india news app for latest cityghaziabad: a 28-year-old sailor from vaishali in ghaziabad died last friday, allegedly in an accident, a little over a month after he signed a contract to serve on a merchant ship.
sultan ahmads family said they were informed by the mumbai-based company that hired him, v r maritime services, about his death on november 3 but claimed they have since been given three different versions as to what caused sultans death.
sultans younger brother parvez has tweeted to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help, but was yet to receive a response at the time of writing this report on monday.
the sailors family lives in vaishali sector 5.
his father vaheed runs a garment shop in the locality.
the family said their last known location of sultan was boston (usa) and they had last spoken to him on october 26.
they arent sure if the accident happened on the ship or when sultan was on shore.
parvez said, my brother had told us he was posted at boston.
on saturday (nov 3), two officials from his companys delhi office came to our home and told us he and two other persons had died in an accident.
they told us the leakage of poisonous gas caused the deaths.
but next day, they changed their version and said a heavy object had fallen on them.
they changed the statement once again and said he fell in a trench and died.
parvez said the company had not shared pictures or any other document, which could throw more light on what happened on the ship, with them.
sultan, the second among five siblings, had been working as an able seaman for a year, parvez said, and had left for his latest posting on september 28.
in the contract paper signed by sultan, the joining port in mentioned as arthur (usa).
we are in touch with officials in mumbai.
they have told us they would visit us on tuesday, parvez said.
we tweeted (to sushmaswaraj swaraj) on sunday, but are yet to get any reply.
we are waiting for confirmation, and then we file a complaint with the suitable authority.
they are also asking us not to get a post-mortem done, parvez said.
captain umesh shetty of vr maritime refused to comment when toi reached out to him.
we will be meeting their family members on tuesday.
as of now, we are not giving any statement to the media, he said.
sultan was single and lived with his parents and siblings.
his eldest brother works as a driver with a school in ghaziabad.
he completed his graduation through a correspondence course from a university in meghalaya in 2012 and joined dwarka-based sriram institute of marine studies, his family members said.
after completing the course, sultan underwent training at different places, including mumbai, for some time.
he could not immediately get a job and was unemployed for around two years.
around one and a half years back, he got a regular job, parvez said.
deeply saddened to hear about the passing away of sushmaswaraj swaraj ji.
may her soul rest in peace.
she was an icon of https://t.
co/jcemyscmif  sachin tendulkar (@sachin_rt) 1565163659000i'm beyond aggrieved at the passing away of smt.
#sushmaswaraj a veteran politician and a pillar of the bjp, she wa https://t.
co/j1c7yrhhxy  gautam gambhir (@gautamgambhir) 1565114364000deeply saddened by the news of sushmaswaraj ji's demise, may her soul rest in peace.
virat kohli (@imvkohli) 1565155022000i have no words left with me at this point of time.
this is sushmaswaraj ji's last tweet moment before she left all of us https://t.
co/wfwalk5ekm  kiren rijiju (@kirenrijiju) 1565117208000heartfelt condolences to family and admirers of #sushmaswaraj ji.
om shanti  https://t.
co/c3rtbjxgxe  virender sehwag (@virendersehwag) 1565114088000shocked by the sudden demise of sushmaswaraj swaraj ji.
in a political career spanning over 50yrs, she touched a billio https://t.
co/3vcfgdsl2w  rajyavardhan rathore (@ra_thore) 1565115859000shocked at the passing away of my dear sushmaswaraj swaraj ji.
had the honour of working as the brand ambassador of the ' https://t.
co/cpjhsjfv16  sania mirza (@mirzasania) 1565116250000fierce, result-driven & a peoples person - she was all of that & more.
a true leader.
still unable to process the https://t.
co/xapms5fxnu  suresh raina (@imraina) 1565116565000one of my favourite politicians.
.
.
.
.
lots to admire.
heartfelt condolences.
huge loss.
rest in peace.
.
.
.
#sushmaswaraj  aakash chopra (@cricketaakash) 1565114322000here in the west indies and just heard the terrible news of passing away of #sushmaswaraj ji.
condolences to her fa https://t.
co/qd1bwsjfik  mohammad kaif (@mohammadkaif) 1565114693000i was so sad looking at the headlines in the paper today.
i really really liked sushmaswaraj swaraj ji.
she was someone t https://t.
co/pa7jnytmwu  heena sidhu (@heenasidhu10) 1565153475000new delhi: the sports fraternity came together to condole the demise of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj swaraj, 67, passed away late on tuesday after suffering a massive cardiac arrest.
her sudden demise led to an outpour of emotions on the social media as various sports personalities expressed shock and grief and recalled the moments when they got to interact with her.
deeply saddened to hear about the passing away of sushmaswaraj swaraj ji.
may her soul rest in peace.
she was an icon of women empowerment and the one who cared for citizens from all corners of the world, former indian batting great sachin tendulkar tweeted.
i'm beyond aggrieved at the passing away of sushmaswaraj swaraj a veteran politician and a pillar of the bjp, she was loved by everyone.
she will be remembered as the most endearing and helpful politicians of recent times.
my condolences to her family and friends.
a huge loss for india, said cricketer-turned-politician gautam gambhir deeply saddened by the news of sushmaswaraj ji's demise, may her soul rest in peace, indian cricket captain virat kohli wrote on his twitter page.
sports minister kiren rijiju said swaraj will always live in the hearts and minds of the people.
i have no words left with me at this point of time.
she truly lived for the motherland india.
sushma ji, you will forever live in our heart and mind, he said.
heartfelt condolences to family and admirers of sushmaswaraj swarajji, tweeted former indian opener virender sehwag shocked by the sudden demise of sushmaswaraj swarajji.
in a political career spanning over 50 years, she touched a billion hearts with her strength, grace and compassion.
her clutter breaking approach as the external affairs minister will always be revered and remembered, said former union minister and olympic medallist rajyavardhan singh rathore shocked at the passing away of my dear sushmaswaraj swarajji.
had the honour of working as the brand ambassador of the 'girl child' campaign under her able guidance and will cherish my personal relationship with her forever.
r.i.p. ma'am, said tennis star sania mirza fierce, result-driven and a people's person - she was all of that and more.
a true leader.
still unable to process the news of sushmaswaraj swarajji's passing away.
extremely disturbed!
a big loss for our nation.
may you rest in peace!
said indian cricketer suresh raina one of my favourite politicians.
lots to admire.
heartfelt condolences.
huge loss.
rest in peace, said cricketer-turned commentator aakash chopra here in the west indies and just heard the terrible news of passing away of #sushmaswarajji.
condolences to her family, gone too soon, said former indian cricketer mohammad kaif who is currently in west indies officiating as one of the commentators.
decorated shooter heena sidhu described swaraj as a great leader.
i was so sad looking at the headlines in the paper today.
i really really liked sushmaswaraj swaraj ji.
she was someone to look up to.
she was a great leader, a great orator, a strong woman and true to her work.
india will miss her deeply, heena wrote.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: no sooner than the indian air strikes were announced by foreign secretary vijay gokhale, the equally important task of convincing the diplomatic community, including the envoys of p5 countries, about the legitimacy of india's action was initiated by the ministry of external affairs (mea).
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj spoke to us secretary of state mike pompeo and also to foreign ministers of china, bangladesh, afghanistan and singapore to brief them about the targeting of jem camp by the indian air force (iaf).
government officials here said all of them expressed understanding of indias position.
according to official sources, there was widespread support for india's air strikes as most envoys agreed that india's action was aimed at a non-military facility and not intended to cause civilian casualties.
this support was evident from a statement by dean of diplomatic corps frank castellanos acknowledging information provided to the diplomatic community by mea that it was a ``direct attack to limited and specific objectives with no civilian or military casualties''.
it said india had expressed that there was no intention to escalate and that india was going to act ``in restraint and responsibly, based on credible intelligence that further attacks were planned in india''.
that was the message the envoys were going to send to their respective capitals, said the statement signed by castellanos who also appreciated indias ``quick and organised briefing.
to many though, including the envoys the p5 countries, the ``preemptive strikes didnt come as a surprise as india had already conveyed to them, shortly after the pulwama attack on february 14, that it was considering acting against terror camps across loc.
this was also evident from president donald trumps remark last week that india was looking at ``something very strong after the pulwama suicide attack which left over 40 crpf jawans dead.
australia was among the countries to come out strongly in support of india after the air strikes as it called upon pakistan to take urgent and meaningful action against terrorist groups in its territory, including ``jaish-e-mohammed which has claimed responsibility for the 14 february bombing, and lashkar-e-taiba.
``pakistan must do everything possible to implement its own proscription of jaish-e-mohammed.
it can no longer allow extremist groups the legal and physical space to operate from its territory, it said in its statement.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is expected to further discuss indias targeted action against jem with her chinese and russian counterparts, wang yi and sergey lavrov respectively, at the ric trilateral in wuzhen on wednesday.
swaraj is likely to push for a strong condemnation of the pulwama attack, and also for naming of pakistan based groups like jem and let, in the joint communique.
india has also received significant support from eu countries with germany asking pakistan to stop ``cross-border terrorism.
chandigarh:congress rajya sabha mp partap singh bajwa claimed that union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has blocked him on twitter because he raised the issue of punjabi youth who went missing in iraq.
bajwa tweeted a screenshot of the blocked message saying, is this the way to run the external affairs ministry?
does it behoove the office of sushmaswaraj swaraj ji to block a member of parliament for asking tough questions on 39 indians missing in iraq?
bajwa said sushmas move showed that the bjp is not open to any form of criticism.
i raised the issue of missing punjabi youth in iraq in the parliament earlier this year.
apparently, swaraj took it personally and blocked me.
i only realised it now when i thought of posting a tweet on reports of forced conversions of sikhs in pakistan by tagging the pm and her.
as an mp, it is my duty to raise peoples issues, especially those from my state.
i wonder how nris can reach out to the union minister, he said.
on july 19, bajwa raised the issue of missing indians in the parliament.
he said he questioned the government on its flip flops regarding the location of the youths and pointed out that the mea kept saying they boys are stuck in mosul.
now that mosul has been liberated from isis, the mea has changed its stance and is now saying that the missing boys are stuck in badhush where the fight with isis is still on.
bajwa asked the centre to stop misleading the families of the missing youths and tell the truth.
he also said an all-party delegation should be sent to iraq.
i raised the issue of missing punjabi youth in iraq in parliament earlier this year.
apparently, swaraj took it personally and blocked me.
i only realised it now when i thought of posting a tweet on reports of forced conversions of sikhs in pakistan by tagging the pm and her.
as an mp, it is my duty to raise peoples issues, especially those from my state.
i wonder how nris can reach out to the union minister, he said.
ahmedabad: four members of a surat family, currently settled in the us, have gone missing while on the way to their home in los angeles, california, from portland in oregon.
authorities are fearing the worst as an suv matching the description of the car they were travelling in was reportedly swept away in the current of a swollen river.
sandeep thottapilly, 42, his wife soumya, 38, and their children siddhant, 12, and saachi, 9, were travelling in a maroon honda pilot carrying a california registration plate at the time they went missing on april 5.
search operations have been affected due to rough weather.
a notice posted on facebook states that relatives last heard from the family on thursday, and reported them missing over the weekend after they did not show up for their planned friday visit.
sandeep thottapillys father, babu subramaniam, who lives in surat, also tweeted the issue to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
respected sushmaswaraj swaraj ji, i am a senior citizen and resident of surat, gujarat.
my son sandeep thottapilly is residing in california, usa.
he and his family are reported missing since last thursday, wrote subramaniam.
would request your good office to take up this matter with concerned authorities in usa and help find my son and his family as soon as possible.
we have taken help of facebook post to reach out to more and more people in california, he said.
swaraj assured of all possible help to thottapilly.
i am in constant touch with our consulate in san francisco.
they are coordinating with the police.
rest assured.
according to family members, some parts of the vehicle in which the family was travelling and some clothes of kids have reportedly been found, but authorities havent been able to trace the family members until now.
new delhi: while the search for the missing indians ended on a tragic note, junior foreign minister v k singh was singled out for special praise by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for his efforts over the past few years.
i cannot praise him enough.
he faced all sorts of hurdles and difficulties.
he still managed to trace the bodies.
he got the concrete proof which i needed to be able to declare the indian workers dead, she added.
singh said it would take 10 days to bring back the bodies of all 39 indians from iraq as there would be legal processes involved.
singh, who visited iraq several times to find out the details of the indians abducted in 2014, also took a dig at opposition parties for targeting swaraj on the issue.
the external affairs minister had said that they (the indians) will not be declared dead without proof and she kept her word.
opposition takes things in a different way.
you have seen it in lok sabha , he said.
this story is from december 2, 2018sushma swarajdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
shimla: chief minister jai ram thakur said on saturday that he had contacted union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to bring back the 14 indians who have been stranded at riyadh in saudi arabia.
of the 14, 12 are from mandi district in himachal pradesh and two from punjab.
they had gone to saudi arabia through an agent to work on a tourist visa, but the visa was not renewed on expiry.
thakur has said that he had requested the union minister to personally take up the matter with the authorities for their safe release.
according to sources, the 14 men had gone to saudi arabia around four months ago through some agents from sundernagar area of mandi district.
they were sent on tourist visa on the promise of extending it later.
the family members have lodged a complaint with the police at sundernagar, claiming that the agents have cheated them due to which all 14 were stranded in foreign country.
the family members claimed that neither the people were paid salary nor they were being allowed to return home by their employer, as their passports too have been confiscated.
the police said that based on the complaint lodged by family members, a cheating case has been registered against the agents.
they said that agents were summoned for questioning and further investigation is on.
lost my luggage 9w907 @jetairways please help me.
mouma das oly (@moumadastt) 1523954288000@moumadastt mouma, your baggage has been held by customs due to carriage of power bank in check-in baggage which is https://t.
co/jtvk8m4lch  jet airways (@jetairways) 1523966644000as @jetairways my luggage under delhi customs need your help @sushmaswaraj ji @ra_thore ji respected @pmoindia  mouma das oly (@moumadastt) 1523963296000officers at @media_sai, please liaise with @finminindia and extend help immediately.
https://t.
co/ruy4ufmkjf  rajyavardhan rathore (@ra_thore) 1523968346000thanks to @jetairways they help me now to bring back my baggage @ra_thore ji, @sushmaswaraj ji, @finminindia @media_sai respected @pmoindia  mouma das oly (@moumadastt) 1523981842000@jetairways @cbic_india & delhi airport authorities & sri @ra_thore ji thanks for your help & support .
.
all miscommunication sorted out  mouma das oly (@moumadastt) 1523987361000kolkata: india's table tennis ace mouma das , who returned home on tuesday after a spectacular double medal conquest at the gold coast commonwealth games, spent some anxious hours when the delhi customs held her check-in baggage after detecting a power bank, which the player said she did not carry.
then, mouma, on her arrival at the nscbi airport, found her baggage had not arrived and took to twitter to complain to the air carrier jet airways.
the air carrier replied that she had put her power bank in the check-in baggage, which was strictly prohibited.
mouma, your baggage has been held by customs due to carriage of power bank in the check-in baggage which is strictly prohibited, said the carrier, asking her to share documents so that the process of releasing the luggage could be expedited.
mouma, however, replied that she had not carried any such gadget.
the paddler, who was part of the gold medal winning india women's team and also partnered manika batra to the doubles silver at gold coast, then tagged sports minister rajyavardhan rathore in one of her tweets.
a little later she also sought help from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the prime minister's office, by tagging them in a tweet.
acting promptly, rathore directed the sports authority of india in another tweet to take up the issue with the finance minister immediately.
but the issue was resolved late on tuesday night after mouma spoke to her teammates and learnt that a souvenir bag presented by the games organisers did carry a power bank.
she admitted her mistake to the delhi customs authorities.
the issue has now been resolved.
it was my fault.
i never carry a power bank with me.
when i tweeted earlier i did not know that a souvenir bag given to us carried a power bank.
i have confirmed it from manika and others.
i have written to the authorities about the presence of the power bank.
the baggage will now be sent to me on wednesday morning.
i am told they are taking very god care of it, mouma said.
moga: ruling shiromani akali dal on sunday sounded the poll bugle at a rally here and asked its cadre to get ready for the elections.
sad chief sukhbir singh badal setting the tone for the upcoming elections asked party workers to take leave from work and jump into the poll bandwagon.
attacking the congress, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal in his address said: congress has eaten up the country through its most corrupt rule and anti-aam admi policies.
congress has pushed the common man to the brink of starvation.
senior bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj lambasting the pm manmohan singh and upa government termed him the most inefficient pm.
she said manmohan has the habit of putting the blame for any failure on others as with raja in 2g spectrum and rising prices sharad pawar.
if he has no control over his government, he must quit, she said.
former union minister shanta kumar said the ill-gotten money stashed in foreign banks should be returned.
shanta said as per un convention many countries were thinking of getting money from foreign heavens, but india was shying away as by doing so the corrupt, who have stashed money, would be unmasked and upa want to protect them.
earlier, a number of sad leaders asked people not to allow congress to take the reins in the state.
box:vikas badal and soorvir badalrecently readmitted to sad, balwant singh ramoowalia said: going by their service to humanity and performances, the names of both parkash singh badal and sukhbir singh badal need to be changed.
parkash singh badal should be renamed as vikas (development) singh badal and sukhbir as soorvir(valiant) singh badal.
no misuse?
though sad denied of any misuse of official machinery for the party rally, but officers were seen making arrangements for the rally though from behind the scene.
the toll plaza managers were asked not to collect vehicle tax.
a toll employee near mehalkalan said, they have strict instructions not to collect toll from vehicles meant for rally.
not a mega rallydespite tall claims of turnout in lakhs, many chairs and tarpaulin space remained vacant throughout the rally.
as against the claims of 10 lakh people, local party organizers said the figure almost touched around 1 lakh.
sukhbir badal had claimed moga rally to be the biggest anywhere.
this story is from november 20, 2018new delhi: a large number of nri matrimonial dispute cases remain pending on account of non-appearance of the perpetrator, jeopardising women and childrens future.
to expedite action, the integrated nodal agency(ina) was constituted to work on issues related to nri matrimonial disputes.
eight of the 33 lookout circulars issued since january were ina, which has representation from the wcd, foreign and home ministries.
the ina has been meeting at regular intervals since january.
it is led by wcd secretary rakesh srivastava and issues locs on the recommendation of the national commission for women after the latter scrutinises cases.
data show that nearly 578 women abandoned by their nri husbands have approached the ncw this year.
since 2009, ncws nri cell has received over 4,000 complaints from women whose nri husbands have left them.
complaints have been coming from most states except the north-east.
delhi, punjab, up and haryana figure among states with the maximum complaints.
ncw chief rekha sharma said women who complain were struggling and they wanted their husbands living in foreign countries to be brought back.
we need to step up deterrence from the outset by making marriage registration mandatory and bring in provisions to consider court summons as deemed served after the husband does not respond a stipulated number of times and declare him an absconder.
police also need to play a more proactive role in investigation, sharma said.
the ncw has sought the intervention of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to consider measures to prevent nri husbands, who have deserted their wives in india, from getting ex-parte divorce in the foreign country where they reside.
new delhi: the bjp leadership has begun preliminary consultations to finalise picks for the posts of president and vice-president, amid indications that the party is looking at a larger social pool to draw its choices for the constitutional positions.
sources said prime minister narendra modi discussed the matter with members of the informal ministerial core group, which includes home minister rajnath singh, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , finance minister arun jaitley and road transport minister nitin gadkari .
urban development minister m venkaiah naidu was not present.
though a formal discussion was not possible because of the absence of bjp chief amit shah , who was in telangana, there are indications that the attendees favour fielding party nominees for the two important positions.
sources also said the senior ministers were of the opinion that competence, seniority and party affiliation rather than social background should be the criteria to determine who in the saffron clan should occupy the offices.
the discussion takes on significance in the light of speculation in political circles that bjp may nominate a dalit or a tribal for the offices as part of its social outreach.
moves for selection of a presidential candidate will gather momentum as the incumbent, pranab mukherjee, looks set to retire.
i have exactly two months to go.
on july 25, a new president assumes office.
i am sending back officials who have worked with me, back to their ministries and departments.
one has gone to the commerce ministry, two to the ministry of external affairs, he said at a function on thursday.
this seemed to settle speculation that he might be game for the purported efforts to forge a consensus around him.
bjp had last week turned down the suggestion of opposition parties that it should forego the chance to have its own nominees as president and vice-president and look for a consensus.
opposition parties have also been exploring the possibility of putting up a candidate.
non-bjp leaders like bihar cm nitish kumar have said they supported the idea of mukherjee getting another term.
the president's reluctance to take the ring enhances the pressure on the opposition to find a candidate with a stature big enough to turn a battle favouring bjp into a grand ideological contest.
bjp is just a fraction short of majority in the electoral college, comprising elected members of both houses of parliament and state assemblies, for the presidential poll.
it is likely to bridge the gap with the support of regional players who are aligned with neither the ruling nda nor the congress-led upa.
ysr congress has already declared its support to nda.
although trs , which was the first among the nonaligned to announce its support for the bjp candidate, has threatened to reconsider its position after amit shah's aggressive foray into its turf, bjp managers are hopeful of enlisting the support of aiadmk.
chandigarh: the punjab assembly remembered punjabi youths killed in iraq during the obituary references on the first day of the budget session.
on a suggestion by the aam aadmi party (aap), tributes were also paid to 89 farmers who committed suicides in the state in recent months.
chief minister captain amarinder singh informed the house about the statement made by the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament and requested the chair to include their names in the obituary list.
the house then paid its homage to the deceased victims as part of the obituary references.
others on the list included former ministers ajit singh kohar, sardool singh bandala, manjit singh calcutta, and ex-mp sardar bahadur singh.
seven freedom fighters, martyr naik amarseer singh, actor shashi kapoor, sufi singer pyare lal wadali, singh sabar koti, dronacharya awardee sukhchain singh cheema and prof rajpal singh on a suggestion by health minister brahm mohindra , tributes were also paid to leader of opposition sukhpal khaira's mother, congress leader lal singh's wife, brother of punjab governor and mother of congress leader manish tewari.
bengaluru: in an attempt to ease the police-verification process for passport applications, the external affairs ministry has reduced the number of questions the applicants have to answer from nine to six, restricting the focus to their criminal antecedents, if any.
as per the ministrys directive, police officials across the country have to operationalise the revised passport-verification process from friday.
in a letter by the joint secretary and chief passport officer arun kchatterjeetostate dg&igp neelamani n raju, police have been told the processwillbeconfinedtocriminality verification of applicants aged above15, andwont include identity verification.
bharath kumar kuthathi, regional passport officer (bengaluru), said besides reducing the number of questions, the reference column also has been removed from the application.
earlier, the applicant was supposed to give references of two neighbours along with their signatures.
but now it has been removed.
the verification will happen only based on documents provided by the applicant and background check by police.
explanation sought for toddlers verificationthe recent incident where police verification was sought for a two-month-old child, which drew the attention of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , ended on a happy note with the passport being issued to the infant within a day.
however, the regional passport office sought an explanation from its employee who sent it for verification.
the childs mother, akshata, a shivamogga-based software engineer, had approached swaraj after police askedher to get neighbours signatures and the infants pictures in front of the house with neighbours.
bharath kumar kuthathi, regional passport officer (bengaluru) said when it comes to toddlers,there is no need for police verification, provided the parents have passports.
if the kid has a single parent, we seek information about legal issues, he added.
srinagar: bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj's comment that pdp chief mehbooba mufti had praised narendra modi at a national integration council meeting sparked off a three-way war of words on tuesday with jammu & kashmir chief minister omar abdullah tweeting in.
in her speech after narendra modi broke his three-day sadbhavana fast at ahmedabad in gujarat, the leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj had said, someone known to mehbooba mufti had approached the chief minister wanting to invest in gujarat.
to his pleasant surprise, he was granted immediate appointment, and the cm had the concerned officials called to his chamber.
his issues were addressed within half-an-hour.
at this, mehbooba mufti praised modi (for his decision-making).
mehbooba rejected sushma's claim saying it was baseless and untrue and that she hasn't met her in years.
i have never praised modi or recommended any businessman to him for favour.
it is all rubbish, she said.
she demanded that her nic speech be made public.
union home secretary rk singh said, we will examine that demand.
.
.
the proceedings of the nic are distributed to the members every time and we will do it this time also.
sushma swaraj, in her response to mehbooba's denial, wrote on her twitter page, i correctly quoted ms mehbooba mufti in ahmedabad yesterday.
it was not a private conversation.
i only quoted what she said in the presence of over 100 people in the afternoon session of the nic meeting on 10th september.
mehbooba's denial evoked a strong reaction from j&k chief minister omar abdullah who slammed her in a tweet saying that he was not surprised that mehbooba had praised modi.
she can praise whoever she likes.
but i am surprised she'd deny it knowing others heard her speech, omar posted on his twitter page.
why can't she just admit what she said rather than deny the whole thing?
so much graceful to accept rather than call ms swaraj a liar, he added.
swiping at both the bjp and national conference, mehbooba said if bjp was so desperate for praise for modi from kashmir, it might be better if they quoted their former ally, farooq abdullah, who has sang hosannas for modi.
this story is from october 23, 2018a student receives her degree from vice-president m venkaiah naidu during the convocation at lovely profession.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest cityphagwara: vice-president m venkaiah naidu , at the convocation address of the lovely professional university (lpu), urged the students to speak in their respective mother tongues at their homes.
according to him, one should never forget ones mother tongue or motherland.
always speak in punjabi at your home or whatever is your mother tongue, he said.
just recently, i returned from abroad and i found that even as people there know english but they prefer to speak in their mother tongue.
it is very much required.
mother tongue is your eye sight and other languages are like your spectacles.
your eyesight is very important to use glasses also, he said, adding, first learn punjabi and then hindi , english.
he observed that the heads of other countries who visit india also prefer to converse in their mother tongue.
once i asked our foreign affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj if these visiting heads of nations didnt know english, she said that they know but they prefer to speak in their mother tongue.
this should be the spirit of india as well.
we need to promote our mother tongue, he said.
he also advocated that medium of instruction from basic to higher education should also be in mother tongue.
those who wish to study in english, they can opt for that later, he added.
he also expressed his concern over the fact that quality private sector education had become out of bounds for the poor and marginalized sections.
why should not private universities earmark certain percentage of seats for students belonging to poorer sections and subsidize their education, he asked.
the vp pointed out that public sector alone cannot provide quality higher education and the private sector must pitch in.
he said that industries and the private sector in general should supplement the efforts of the government in making quality education available to all.
he also called for complete overhaul of the education system, adding that the majority of our colleges have become mere breeding centres for producing students with degree certificates rather than individuals with critical analytical skills.
he expressed concern that students passing out of colleges were lacking in employable skills.
launching on the burning issue of the moment  farmers  naidu lauded the farmers of punjab for turning the state into rice bowl of india.
he insisted that to make agriculture sustainable, innovative methods are necessary.
he suggested that students studying agriculture must spend time with farmers to have a firsthand understanding of the problems faced by farmers.
india must become self-sufficient to battle the challenges such as hidden hunger and malnutrition, he added.
lpu chancellor ashok mittal and punjab minister for industry and commerce sunder sham arora were also present during the occasion.
new delhi: that all was not going to be well at kulbhushan jadhavs meeting with his wife and mother became evident to indian authorities even before the two women left for pakistan.
india had sought visa for an indian woman diplomat based here to accompany the two to pakistan but this request was rejected by islamabad india was upset by this decision but decided to go ahead with the meeting all the same because, at the end of the day, this was an exercise essentially meant to provide jadhavs distressed family some solace.
after feedback from jadhavs wife and mother about the meeting, the government was left wondering if the whole exercise was a set-up meant to further nourish pakistan's narrative that he was involved in terrorist activities on its territory.
india expects pakistan, sooner rather than later, to release the audio of jadhav's conversation with his wife and mother in which most of his replies seemed to bolster islamabads case against him.
pakistani officials disrupted the conversation whenever the two women tried to talk to him in marathi, the language they used to converse with him at home, and insisted that they speak in english.
the fact that jadhav mostly spoke in english, while appearing to confess to his crime, was a complete giveaway for india.
he seemed to have been tutored to expand mainly on 4-5 points, all of which seemed to strengthen pakistan's narrative of him.
at one point, when his mother avanti enquired about what appeared to her an injury mark on his head, jadhav simply ignored the question.
the two women though managed to deliver a shawl to jadhav through the mea.
both avanti and chetna, jadhavs wife, told foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in a meeting which lasted for hours, that jadhav seemed afraid and didnt sound normal.
according to the women, the meeting took place in an intimidating, coercive atmosphere and jadhav didn't appear convincing when he answered queries about his well being.
with no access to the conversation, india was totally dependent on the feedback from the two women to make any sense of the meeting.
at the last moment, pakistan seemed to backtrack from the initial understanding that deputy high commissioner j p singh would be present at the meeting.
singh was allowed to watch the proceedings only a few minutes after the meeting started and from a separate enclosure which meant he couldn't hear a word of what jadhav said.
the meeting itself took place inside a shipping container which had been divided into three sections  one for jadhav, another for the two women and the last one for singh.
pakistani officials gave chetna and avanti clothes to wear after they arrived at the foreign office and also asked them to remove their shoes.
chetna's shoes were not returned.
india suspected mischievous intent in not returning the shoes and, sure enough, unsubstantiated report from pakistan said late evening that india had planted alistening device in her shoes.
pakistan has continued to deny india consular access to jadhav, saying he was not an ordinary individual.
while the icj, which is hearing the case, had said pakistan should have provided such access to india, islamabad is likely to use jadhav's conversation with his wife and mother to strengthen its case before the court that india wanted consular access only to the information which jadhav had gathered as a serving naval commander operating under secondment to indian spy agency research and analysis wing (raw) and travelling under an assumed name .
amritsar: confusion over return of bodies of two victims, who were killed in mosul , iraq, by islamic state terrorists, left their grieving relatives disappointed in amritsar on wednesday.
still trying to come to terms with the announcement made by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , relatives of parvinder kumar and jasvir singh from nawanshahr had to return home from the amritsar airport without bodies of their loved ones.
relatives of the two men, who hailed from jagatpur and mahindpur villages of nawanshahr district, had arrived at amrtisar's sri guru ramdas international airport along with two ambulances and government officials to receive their bodies and take them back to their native villages.
however, neither the amritsar administration nor the officials accompanying the families of the two victims had any details and after waiting for about three hours, all of them returned in the same ambulances.
nawanshahr dc amit kumar said that there was a message that the two bodies were reaching amritsar on wednesday.
apparently there was some communication gap in this moment of despair and the confusion happened, he explained.
powercom executive engineer ranjit singh , who was accompanying the relatives of the two victims, told toi in amritsar that they had arrived on the instructions of the district administration, but did not have details of the flight in which the bodies were being transported.
we are still inquiring about the details of arrival of bodies, he said on wednesday morning.
after numerous inquiries and some frantic calls, jasvir singhs brother bhupinder singh said, we are already grieving.
its like a cruel joke to us, the administration should have doubly confirmed about arrival of bodies before bringing us here.
he said they had finally been informed that it could take one to two weeks for the arrival of the bodies.
a police officer of the rank of deputy superintendent of police had arrived at their home on tuesday night and asked them to reach the airport in amritsar by 10 am on wednesday, bhupinder said.
not only have we been harassed, back home our other relatives are equally worried and upset, he added.
parvinder kumars maternal uncle kashmir chand said they were confused and frustrated by traveling all the way to amritsar and then returning empty-handed.
he complained that nobody gave them exact information.
new delhi: minister of state for external affairs vk singh on sunday left for iraq to bring back the mortal remains of the 39 indians killed in the war-torn country, officials said.
the minister is expected to bring back the bodies by tomorrow.
the minister left around 1pm from the hindon airbase and is expected to return with the bodies tomorrow, an official said.
after coming back, he will first go to amritsar followed by patna and kolkata to hand over bodies to their relatives, official sources said.
families of some of these victims had met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj here on march 26.
the remaining 39 indians were taken to badoosh and killed, she had said.
this story is from january 20, 2019the car was completely damaged in the accidentdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
noida: a 55-year-old property consultant died after his speeding ford crashed into a divider near botanical garden on friday night.
yogendra singh, a resident of sector 50, was driving back home when the accident occured near sector 37 underpass.
a resident of mahagun morpheus in sector 50, singh was a real estate consultant who had worked for many groups, including ansal, omaxe, dlf and wave.
an original resident of simbhaoli in hapur, singh is survived by his wife sushmaswaraj and two children  sachin and sangam.
according to police, the accident took place around 1 am on saturday when singhs speeding white ford crashed into the divider.
as singh was stuck inside the car which was badly crushed, he could be taken out only after passersby dialled 100 and the police arrived.
the impact of the crash was such that the car was almost completely damaged.
anil chaudhary, a relative, told toi that usually singh would be accompanied by a driver but it was not so on friday.
singh, who suffered major injuries in the accident, was rushed to kailash hospital in sector 27 where he succumbed to injuries.
a hospital spokesperson told toi that singh expired due to critical head injuries and his body was handed over to kin after post-mortem.
sho, sector 39, uday pratap said they have received no complaint related to the matter.
onlookers told police that the car was being driven at a high speed.
the body has been handed over to the kin for last rites,he said.
singhs last rites would have to wait for the arrival of his son who is currently studying in australia.
we will take this up at the highest level with the government of pakistan.
@indiainpakistan sikh community in hangu being forced to convert, she tweeted.
the media in pakistan had earlier reported that the sikh community in pakistans hangu district in the northwestern province of khyber-pakhtunkhwa had alleged they were being forced to convert to islam by a government official.
concerned by the report, punjab chief minister amarinder singh urged swaraj on tuesday to take up the issue with pakistani authorities.
request @sushmaswaraj ji to take up this issue with pakistan.
we cannot allow the sikh community to be victimised in such a manner.
its our duty to help protect the sikh identity and the @meaindia should pursue the matter at the highest levels, he tweeted.
according to pakistans national database and registration authority , there are around 6,000 sikhs in the country.
india granted visas to fewer pakistanis this year than in 2016.
the home ministry informed the lok sabha on tuesday that 34,445 pakistanis were issued visas this year compared to 52,525 in 2016.
minister of state for home kiren rijiju, in a written reply, said more bangladeshi citizens were granted visas this year than the last.
as many as 12.
89 lakh visas were issued to bangladeshi nationals this year, a jump from 9.
33 lakh in 2016.
india-pakistan ties have soured in the wake of a series of terror attacks by pakistan-based outfits, including the strike on an iaf base at pathankot in january 2016.
this story is from november 14, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: with change in law and regulations to step up deterrence and crackdown on absconding nri husbands getting delayed, minister for women and child development maneka gandhi has written to home minister rajnath singh seeking a meeting to discuss ways to expedite the process.
it is learned that the home minister may hold a meeting soon on the matter with gandhi, minister for external affairs sushmaswaraj swaraj and law minister ravi shankar prasad this meeting will be critical as it will decide the course of action the government proposes before the winter session of parliament.
a proposal that will have to be sent to the cabinet has been in the works for many months now and the proposed changes will require amendments to the criminal procedure of conduct, passport rules and marriage registration act.
sources said a draft proposal pertaining to the amendments has been readied by mea but the law ministry and mha have certain reservations over some provisions.
according to sources, following gandhis letter, the home minister has agreed to call the meeting of the informal group of ministers.
this informal group of four ministers led by singh was set up in june to discuss concerns and look for solutions to concerns arising out of recommendations made by the inter-ministerial panel on the matter and agreed upon in principle in june.
led by sushmaswaraj swaraj the inter-ministerial panel was set up in 2017.
when this group of ministers met in june this year, singh chaired the deliberations where it was felt that there is a strong need to find solutions, even innovative ones, to tighten the law and and bring non-resident indian offenders to book.
the meeting was to be followed by preparation of a cabinet proposal after legal scrutiny.
the meeting which had considered the legal tenability of measures is understood to be in agreement of the changes in the law that will be required.
however, the finalisation of the proposal is still under process as fresh concerns have been cited.
to build pressure on absconding nri husbands who have failed to respond to court summons, the centre has been exploring changes in law to enable confiscation of joint family property and alienation of land to stop any sale of commonly owned property.
it was also proposed to bring changes in laws for putting up unanswered summons on the website of the ministry of external affairs and these will be considered served.
also under consideration have been stringent measures like revocation of passports in case of husbands who fail to respond to summons and declaring him an absconder.
compulsory registration of nri marriages within seven days of marriage being solemnised is another measure that the wcd ministry has been demanding must be put on fast track.
this story is from october 22, 2018new delhi: as part of india's diaspora outreach, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to all elderly persons of indian origin (pios), those above 90 years of age, in trinidad and tobago thanking them for their sacrifices and for promoting indianness in foreign land.
the indian mission in trinidad and tobago led by high commissioner bishwadip dey has launched an initiative called celebrating the elders which is meant to reconnect with pios.
the descendants of indentured workers, who first arrived in trinidad and tobago in the late 18th and early 19th century, form nearly 42 per cent of the total population, constituting an integral part of the economic, political and social fabric of this caribbean country.
according to the mea, the presence of a substantial population of indian origin (the largest ethnic group) has contributed immensely to close bilateral relations between the two countries.
united nations: un general assembly president maria fernanda espinosa has expressed condolences at the demise of india's former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , describing her as an extraordinary woman and leader who devoted her life to public service.
swaraj passed away at the all india institute of medical sciences (aiims) in new delhi on tuesday night after suffering a cardiac arrest.
the senior bjp leader was 67.
saddened by the news of the passing of @sushmaswaraj, an extraordinary woman & leader who devoted her life to public service.
i had the honour of meeting her in my visits to #india, & will always remember her fondly, espinosa tweeted.
she added in her tweet that she sends her deepest condolences to all of her loved ones @indiaunnewyork, tagging india's permanent mission to the un in her message.
before assuming her role as the president of the 73rd session of the un general assembly in september 2018, becoming only the fourth woman to lead the general assembly in its 73-year history, espinosa had visited india and met prime minister narendra modi and swaraj.
in her meeting with swaraj, the top un official had discussed revitalisation of the un, including reform of the security council, strengthening global counter terrorism legal framework and other global issues.
condolence messages poured from across india and the world at the demise of swaraj, one of the most charismatic and dignified political leaders.
over the years, swaraj had visited the un on multiple occasions, addressing world leaders in hindi at the annual high-level general assembly sessions.
she had headlined the commemoration of the first international yoga day at the un in june 2015, launching the annual celebration of yoga at the world body's headquarters along side then un secretary general ban ki-moon.
india's permanent representative to the un ambassador syed akbaruddin tweeted a video montage of swaraj's powerful speeches at the un, beginning from her address to the general debate at the 70th general assembly session in 2015 till her statement in 2018.
leaving behind indelible memories.
we @indiaunnewyork will always cherish memories of her @un.
farewell madam @sushmaswaraj, akbaruddin said in an emotional message on twitter the global organisation of people of indian origin (gopio) also conveyed its heartfelt condolences on the passing of swaraj.
as minister looking after the overseas indian affairs, gopio has had a close working relation and cooperation on many of the nri and pio issues as well as on new initiatives from her ministry.
the organisation said it has been working with swaraj since she was the leader of bjp in the rajya sabha.
in her passing away, we will miss a statesman as well as a sincere and able political leader, gopio chairman thomas abraham and president sunny kulathakal said in a statement.
panchkula: the efforts of local mla gian chand gupta to show sympathy towards the relatives of the murder victim backfired when angry residents suddenly started shouting slogans against him on monday.
gupta said that had come here as a local leader to show sympathy to his constituency members.
he said, they are residents of my constituency and i have to stand in support of them.
the victim has been killed in broad daylight and i am here in support of residents of barwala .
the mla has come to support a gangster.
the mla was being forced by family members and supporters to assure on the spot compensation for one of the family members and a government job.
panchkula sdm pankaj setia also reached the spot and accepted the memorandum given by the residents supported by local councillor salim khan.
setia said, the relatives have demanded compensation in the form of a government job and money.
we will put forward the demand letter to the administration and a final decision will be taken.
new delhi: after a wait of 43 years and an intense 11 hour-debate that lasted almost till the stroke of the midnight hour, the lokpal and lokayukta bill was passed by the lok sabha by a voice vote after the government agreed to 10 amendments.
it also secured the passage of the whistleblowers bill.
but a legislation designed to confer constitutional status on the anti-corruption watchdog fell through, as the government failed to get two-thirds support for itprompting finance minister pranab mukherjee to lament, a sad day for india, a sad day for democracy.
at least 15 congress members and close to a dozen belonging to upa allies were not present at the time of voting, contributing to the defeat of the idea first proposed by rahul gandhi who had termed it a game-changerin august.
the government needed an aye vote from 288 out of the 432 members present in the house.
it could manage only 249, though there were 275 upa members present in the lok sabha in the morning.
the defeat led bjp leader yashwant sinha to demand that the government quit as it had lost moral authority.
say bye, not aye,'' he quipped.
the government was able to get the lokpal bill itself through thanks to its accommodative stance and the surprise decision of the bsp, sp and rjd not to participate in voting: something which brought down the effective strength of the house and eased the task of the government's managers to rustle up numbers.
the constitution (116th amendment) bill, 2011 was crafted to give effect to rahul gandhi's proposal that the proposed ombudsman should have constitutional status.
the congress general secretary's suggestion had led parliament's standing committee to recommend it although the issue was not on team anna's wish list.
although the absence of 26 upa mps was an important factor for the defeat, the government accused the opposition of seeking to weaken the fight against corruption.
we have the majority but we don't have the two-thirds majority, said mukherjee, putting the onus of the bill's defeat on the opposition.
other congress members also lost no time in raising the chorus of accusations against the opposition for denying the lokpal constitutional status.
the opposition hit back by saying that the upa was trying to cover its own failure.
it seems certain sections in government were not happy with the proposal and they sabotaged it.
now they are trying to score propaganda points against the opposition, said cpm leader sitaram yechury.
bjp's yashwant sinha also accused the government of deliberately losing the vote in order to pin the blame on the opposition, particularly the bjp.
the failure of the constitutional amendment bill means that rajya sabha will on wednesday debate only the lokpal bill and the whistleblowers bill.
the lokpal bill faces a tough task in the upper house as the upa does not have a majority there and will find it difficult to get the legislation passed even if sp, bsp and rjd repeat their walkouts.
opposition will have more success in getting its amendments accepted in the upper house.
in a worrying development, trinamool indicated late on tuesday night that it was unhappy with the concession on compulsory setting up of lokayukta.
it will decide how to vote in the rs on wednesday morning.
the amendments agreed to important concessions and helped government placate some of the restive supporters.
it accepted the demand that states should not be compelled by a central law to set up lokayuktas: a tweak which helped them to neutralize two upa partners trinamool congress and dmk who had joined the opposition in criticizing the original provision which would have made it mandatory for states to have lokayuktas.
the attack on the opposition was part of government's strategy to occupy the high moral ground in the fight against corruption.
in the debate, congress leaders accused opposition of blocking the landmark because they were not sincere in fighting corruption.
they said that the house should not let go of the moment to pass the landmark legislation, a far cry from the days when large sections in the government chafed at being pushed by the civil society to set up lokpal.
government also accepted bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj's amendment to dilute the provision which required 3-4ths of lokpal to agree on starting proceedings against prime minister.
now the requirement has been reduced to an agreement among two-thirds of the anti-corruption body.
section 24 which required presiding officers of legislatures to report to lokpal action taken on reports compiled against their members has been done away with.
so has been the provision which put the armed forces within lokpal's purview.
bhopal: after languishing for five years in a pakistan jail, madhya pradesh's runaway lad jitendra arjunwar finally sees hope of returning home.
india acknowledged his citizenship on thursday, clearing the decks for his homecoming, an official at indian high commission in islamabad confirmed to toi.
india has informed pakistan foreign office that jitendra is indian.
they have requested that he be taken to lahore so that he can be repatriated to india, the officer said.
the news cheered india-pak peace activists , who have been trying to reunite arjunwar with his family.
but the 22-year-old at the heart of all this is so ill that he could barely smile.
there were reports that he may be counting his last breaths.
toi has footage of jitendra being shown a video message of his mother at malir district jail in karachi on thursday.
he seems frail and leans on crutches as he looks around in a daze.
a patient of sickle cell anaemia, arjunwar is alive today only because of medical assistance given to him in pakistan, barrister haya emaan zahid, who saw him in prison, told toi.
when zahid's colleague, advocate altaf khoso, told jitendra that he was going home, he looked shocked and then happy.
we showed him a video of his mother.
he recognised her.
but when we told him that his father has passed away, he broke down, zahid said.
mujhe jaldi ghar bhej do (please send me home fast), he murmured.
jitendra, who is from seoni in mp, had drifted 25km inside pakistan in search of water and was arrested on august 12, 2013.
his prison term ended in 2014, but he continued to be in pakistan because the process of his identification dragged on.
he cannot walk unassisted or speak properly.
jail staff said he got regular blood transfusions.
it's a miracle he has survived all these years, said zahid, member of the committee for welfare of prisoners.
malir jail authorities sent him for blood transfusions once a month.
still, he is sinking.
perhaps he will revive once he reunites with his family, zahid added.
karachi jail officials had no option but to lay him as a nationless' permanent fixture in the medical ward.
if he cannot be sent to india by road we will try to arrange for a flight, she added.
while jitendra arjunwar languished in pakistan, the madhya pradesh government and centre weren't proactive in seeking his release.
it was left to senior journalists and social activists in india and pakistan to bring him home.
toi carried a series of reports and pressed for the ailing youth's freedom.
pakistan human rights activist and former federal minister, ansar burney, was among those who took up his case in 2013.
pakistan-based rights activist ali palh joined the fight but couldn't continue when jitendra was shifted to karachi jail from sindh.
he was almost forgotten till bhopal-based activist abid hussain sayed started a campaign in october 2017.
his tweets under #helpjitendra grabbed attention on both sides of the border, and pakistan's renowned journalist beena sarwar and jatin desai, activist of pakistan-india people's forum for peace & democracy (pipfpd), took up the cause.
pakistan and india must get out of this horrible cold war mentality and develop humane systems to help their vulnerable citizens.
in jitendra's case, this has taken nearly four years.
his prison sentence was of one year but he remains incarcerated because of the delay in verification of his nationality.
just because he is poor, there were no high-level orders to expedite the process, sarwar told toi.
conditions for prisoners in our region are terrible to begin with.
it's worse for prisoners from the other country.
they are treated as enemy agents, denied access to lawyers and social workers, and have no relatives or contacts who will visit them in prison to ease their time.
in response to an rti query by desai, the indian high commission in pakistan said jitendra had been provided consular access.
desai sent a memorandum to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and foreign secretary vijay gokhale on march 5, and coordinated with seoni sp tarun nayak to speed up the process of verification.
we have been demanding that nationality must be confirmed within 90 days of consular access.
poor prisoners are suffering because of insensitive attitudes of authorities.
jitendra must be brought back immediately and compensated, desai told toi, adding that the government should take action against those who failed to verify jitendra's nationality for three years.
seoni sp tarun nayak wrote to mea on wednesday, verifying jitendra's nationality.
i have sent the verification letter in response to a correspondence from the foreign affairs ministry that came around two weeks ago.
we have verified that seoni is his birth place and have prepared a report on lines of indian citizenship act, nayak told toi.
i am very happy that he is coming home.
we will give him all support, said sayed.
nine-time mp from chhindwara and senior congress leader kamal nath said it is important that the party declare a chief ministerial candidate soon for the madhya pradesh election due in december.
in an interview to aman sharma, he said he would back party colleague jyotiraditya scindia if he is announced as the cm face.
he said he was not ruling himself out but he was not hungry for it.
excerpts:when cm talks of agricultural growth, what he does not talk about is agricultural distress.
in mp, 75  of people are directly or indirectly engaged in agriculture.
the economy of the state is dependent on agriculture.
agriculture production could have gone up due to better seeds and better irrigation, but at the end of the day the question is what price the farmer gets in his hand, what he takes home.
that is the crucial thing and that is what is in great distress.
as far as 2018 elections in mp are concerned, every section of society is unhappy  youth unemployment is at its peak.
even the jobs of those who are retiring are not being filled up, forget about creating more employment.
more jobs have been lost than jobs created.
all the sloganeering and schemes of crop insurance have been disastrous  no farmer has got insurance though insurance companies have made a lot of profit.
bhavantar is a scheme which entails that the farmer has to lose rs 250-300 per quintal.
no farmer is happy with it.
traders are unhappy over gst and demonetisation.
government employees are protesting  shaving their heads and out with begging bowls.
this politics of gimmickry and sloganeering stands exposed.
there is a perception of infighting among the senior leaders in the state.
i think this perception that congress leaders keep on fighting is more in the media.
i dont see any disunity among the leaders at all.
there is coordination and this will only improve in the next couple of months.
of course, we need to put our house in order and we are in the process of doing it.
you had stated a few months ago that jyotiraditya scindia should be declared the partys cm candidate well, i had answered a question as to whether i had any objections to mr scindia becoming cm.
i said i had no objections.
that was my answer.
and i certainly have no objections.
if mr scindia is announced as cm candidate, i will welcome it.
yes, it will because the first thing is to get our house in order.
the cm candidate announcement is important, it should come.
we should also put our house in order at the district and block levels so that all is functioning properly.
i am not ruling myself out but i am not hungry for it i am not looking for it.
i am simply saying that whoever is announced, i am going to back him.
anybody can be announced as the leader, i will be quite happy to back him.
of course.
digvijaya singh has gone, the workers have been mobilised, the public has come out.
what digvijaya singh has done, i consider it humanly impossible.
what he has done is phenomenal and it will certainly help the party.
i dont know.
this only mr rahul gandhi can answer.
rahul gandhi will be our face for the 2019 election.
whatever people may say about him or the propaganda bjp spreads about him, will stand exposed.
we must not forget that in 2004, mrs sonia gandhi was the most vilified political person  sushmaswaraj swaraj had said she would shave her head, someone said he would become an nri or leave politics.
she had then taken on atal bihari vajpayee, who was a much-loved prime minister, and she made mr vajpayee sit at home.
that is the indian electorate.
bjp must not forget that.
i see mr rahul gandhi as a very effective and strong face for congress leadership in 2019.
let us not think of these glorified urban centres that pass opinions in the social circles of delhi without knowing anything happening in the country.
i think as time moves, in a couple of months the assurances given by bjp prior to the 2014 election will stand exposed.
they have been unfulfilled.
there is great restlessness among the people.
the enthusiasm with which they voted for bjp in 2014 is no more there.
the voter is much smarter this time.
an indian voter does not mind being disappointed but he does not want to be cheated.
if required, certainly a larger coalition can be built because other non-bjp parties have seen bjp and they themselves will look forward to a coalition so that bjp is kept out.
rahul gandhi can definitely build a good coalition.
the akalis are already unhappy.
also, there are two kinds of coalitions  prepoll and post-poll.
in 2004, we had a pre-poll coalition with dmk and with others we had a post-poll coalition.
so you have to look at the nature and circumstances at that time.
hes just 29, but samarpan maiti has come a long way from his home in the village of siddha in east midnapore.
his intellect has taken him far, with his research on brain cancer drugs providing him with the perfect platform for studies abroad.
but the biggest challenge yet for samarpan was on an altogether different platform recently  at the grand finale of mr gay world india 2018.
standing on stage in the final rounds, samarpan was asked by judge diandra soares  what is the definition of love to you?
ami bangla medium.
phor phor kore ingreji bolte pari na.
so, like always, i thought in bengali and then translated my answer in english, samarpan recounts.
i said, love is something in which you find inner peace without altering your true self.
however, i fumbled and faltered quite a bit.
while everyone was impressed by his philosophy, one judge pointed out that his english was unbelievably poor.
and then something happened that changed the course of the evening, and perhaps, even samarpans life.
the host, rohini ramnathan , came forward and declared, forget english.
why are we so obsessed with the language?
this is not a platform to judge ones english skills.
that changed the whole deal.
i was asked to answer the same question in bengali, and i did.
that stole the show, samarpan adds.
he was eventually declared the winner and will represent india in the mr gay world 2018 contest in south africa in may  making him a rare combination of good looks and brains and an icon of social and sexual inclusiveness in a country still struggling to legally accept the lgbtq community.
samarpan, who counts natalie portman , hedy lamarr and pin-up maths teacher pietro boselli as his inspiration, spends a lot of time in the lab when hes not working out at the gym.
ive been exercising since 2015 and spend one and a half hours every morning at the gym.
my area of research is glioblastoma multiforme, one of the most aggressive forms of cancers that begin in the brain.
i have almost completed my phd thesis.
but im yet to get the degree and im tense, says samarpan, who is doing his research at a well-known kolkata institute and has already cleared the first interview for his post-doctoral research at a us university.
unlike in other families, his parents never wanted him to be a doctor or engineer.
those two professions were strictly barred, remembers samarpan.
my father, sudarshan maiti, wanted me to be a writer, at least a journalist.
i write a lot though.
some little magazines in kolkata have even dared to publish my poems, he laughs.
but i love science and i always loved exams.
i took all the entrance examinations and i cleared iit, iisc bangalore and so on.
i took net exams three times for fun.
you dont need to complete your masters before writing net.
so, i took it twice while doing my masters.
two of his papers have been published in international journals.
where exactly amid these impressive academic achievements does modelling fit in?
for samarpan, his tryst with the world of fashion began after his father bought a tv when he was in class x. two things happened in my life.
first, i got hooked on a fashion channel and wanted to be like the models at least once in my life.
and secondly, i realised i was enjoying male catwalks more than female one.
i am 56.
you have to be 57 to participate in mainstream modelling contests.
so i could not pursue modelling at that time.
but i knew i liked men, confesses samarpan.
so, was that the time when he identified his sexual orientation?
more or less, yes.
i had sexual interactions with girls when i was in school.
i was discovering myself then.
but when i was in college i was sure that i was more comfortable with men, he says.
but with a chiselled body and innocent features, samarpan still gets a lot of attention from female fans.
yes, women make passes at me and this has increased after i won the crown!
i got a text recently that read, i hope you are going to change your orientation one day, samarpan laughs.
however, life has not been this smooth for samarpan, especially in his college days.
it became extremely difficult for him when he left his village and got admitted in a college in midnapore town.
my father passed away and we were not so well off.
i had a tough time coming to terms with this reality, he says.
things became worse in the college hostel.
i have never been good in sports.
i could not even casually use swear words like other boys in college.
i used to sing, dance and write and was majorly judged for this.
then i found a friend, debasish ghosh.
i used to confide in him and that became an issue.
people started gossiping about us.
one day, our hostel authorities asked us to stop talking to each other or leave the hostel.
that was ridiculous, because we were not dating.
but i was scared of losing the only friend i had during that ordeal.
then debasish took a stand and we decided to move out.
we rented a small apartment and gossip spread like wildfire.
the fact is, he is my best friend, whos going to marry my sister, samarpita.
he still remains one of my biggest support systems, samarpan recalls.
there was a time when samarpan thought he would never come out.
there are many gay men who live a dual life.
they get married, take up a job away from home and settle down.
samaj khushi, amio khushi.
in 2013, i realised its wrong.
i cant cheat.
when you are constantly targeted by society, you take shelter under a comfortable lie.
i also thought i would hide my sexuality and kept on saying, im not gay.
and then that shackle broke.
i decided to confront society.
i told my family and friends, he says.
but was it difficult for the family?
we are a middle-class, financially unstable rural family, says samarpans mother, sushmaswaraj , who was compelled to take up a job in a school after her husbands death.
we never had to go to bed hungry, but when he joined as a research fellow, a piece of chicken was a luxury for us.
i always wanted him to find a stable job, but his dream was always to do something path-breaking.
i am really proud of his achievements but at the same time, i am worried.
i am not sure how society is going to treat him.
god knows how much discrimination is waiting for him in the future, she adds.
it wasnt easy for samarpan to be a part of lgbtq community in kolkata either.
a large group of lgbtq activists here suffers from elitism.
it took me forever to be a part of the group.
things started changing after i competed at themr gay world india contest.
i am a much more evolved person now.
there were more than 1,000 applicants.
eighty were selected in the first round and finally i won.
of course, i am much more confident, he says.
i joined a gym a few years back and that helped me get a toned body.
now, i feel like a model, he laughs.
but what would be his contribution to society if he wins the global crown?
i dont need a crown to do what i do.
ive been working with villagers and the underprivileged on the rights of sexual minorities.
our government will do only that much in terms of sex education for schoolkids.
if we really want to sensitise, we have to start with the younger generation and that is what im doing, he says.
many of his fellow researchers at his institute had no clue about his orientation till he won the title.
they had no inkling that i was gay.
so i asked them, now that they were aware of my orientation, what were their thoughts.
we are really happy about your win.
just chill  come to the lab soon we will celebrate, they said.
i think its a great response, says samarpan.
while samarpan is on his way to becoming a recognised gay figure, hes doing his bit to promote sexual equality and openness.
take a look at the card announcing the wedding of his sister to his friend debasish ghosh.
the invite has a profound message of harmony.
it reads, with this invitation letter, another message i would like to convey that love has no gender.
please support marriage equality so that all of our children can celebrate their life with their desired life partner irrespective of gender (sic).
for a boy coming from a traditional bengali family, this card is a fearless expression of self-belief like no other!
hyderabad: a 23-year-old woman from sangareddy, telangana has sought to be rescued from her kafil (employer) in saudi arabia as he is allegedly being abusive, and that she is also being forced to work as a housemaid in different houses.
naseem begum was sent to saudi arabia by an agent from golconda who promised her employment in a supermarket.
but on reaching riyadh on june 13, 2017, she was received by an agent who made her work as a housemaid in five different houses so far.
from riyadh, she was taken to hail.
naseema begum's mother afzal bee, who learnt of her daughter's plight, approached the police with a complaint to take action against the agent who sent her to saudi arabia making false promises.
however, according to mbt leader amjedullah khan, the mother had a bitter experience with the police.
when she went to the ramachandrapuram police to lodge a complaint, as her house comes under that police station limits in cyberabad, she was directed to file a complaint in golconda police station as the agent md adil is a resident of golconda.
the agent operates from hyderabad and mumbai.
in saudi arabia, naseema begum is reportedly being forced to work for 15 hours everyday without even proper food and accommodation by the kafil.
she has two sons, aged three years and one year, back in hyderabad and she had to go to saudi arabia only because she was promised a salary of 1,000 saudi riyal per month (18,000).
in a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , naseema begum's mother said both sons have fallen ill.
the kafil is demanding 3 lakh to send her daughter back to india and the agent is also refusing to bring her back.
please rescue my daughter, she urged sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the kafil is demanding that either 3 lakh be repaid to him, the amount he paid to the agent, or that she be replaced with another housemaid.
new delhi: after euphorically seeing off nitisha negi at igi airport on november 30, her family saw a bright future for their footballer daughter, who was on her way to australia to participate in the pacific school games.
on saturday, nitisha called her father, puran singh negi, to tell him that the matches were over and they were preparing to come home.
but on sunday evening, the family was informed that nitisha had gone missing during a trip to an adelaide beach .
hours later they were told that she had drowned at sea.
the family of nitisha, a class xi student at the rajkiya sarvoday kanya vidyalaya in east delhi, could scarcely believe what they heard.
the girl was bright in academics and proficient in athletics.
our house is filled with her medals and certificates.
after spending years in athletics, she had turned to football four years ago, negi recalled.
the distraught father said that the office of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had got in touch with them on monday, promising all support.
the family also received a call from nitishas team coordinator  who is still in adelaide  about the tragedy on monday.
we were told that some girls, including our daughter, had ventured deep into the sea while taking selfies.
they did not notice the approaching wave and were carried away.
a policeman told me through the coordinator that a search operation was on to locate my daughters body, negi said.
the local media in adelaide quoted a minister as saying that the australian government would bear the cost of transporting nitishas body to india.
but that is little comfort to the grieving family.
they could not take care of my daughter.
i want strict action taken against the officials responsible, negi said in despair.
kanhaiya gurjar, assistant secretary, school games federation of india, said the full details were not available.
someone is definitely responsible for this tragic event and we will investigate, gurjar said.
right now, our priority is to bring the body back home.
four other girls were rescued from the sea by members of the indian hockey team.
they were admitted to hospital and are now out of danger.
yukti verma, who studies in ahlcon public school in mayur vihar , was one of them.
shyam verma, yuktis father, said, she is inconsolable over her teammates death.
she hasnt stopped crying.
sajida (39) and siraj (37) married in mumbai in 2005 and have three children.
my children are like orphans without their father.
i am a poor woman and dont know much about procedures.
i just want my husband back, said sajida and broke down while talking to mediapersons at her modest one-room antop hill home on wednesday.
siraj was deported through the attari border checkpoint in punjab after a court ruled that he was illegally living in india.
sajida took up bracelet making to earn rs 100 a day ever since her husband was put under preventive detention in december 2017.
khan used to work as a waiter with a catering service and make rs 10,000 a month.
the couples three childrenzara (12) and twins inayat and ejaz (7)study in a marathi medium school at sion.
my children walk 3km to reach their school.
i have no money, said sajida and added that police did not inform her of her husbands deportation.
it was my husband who called me to say cops were taking him to new delhi.
we rushed to the railway station to meet him.
the next day, he called me and said he was being taken to amritsar for deportation to pakistan, she said, adding that siraj had lived in india for 27 years.
when he was 10, siraj fled his pakistan home after his father scolded him for failing an exam, said sajida.
he wanted to visit his uncles home in karachi but took a wrong train and reached amritsar.
a family took him to new delhi.
after three days, he took a train and reached gujarat where he was detained as a runaway child and sent to a childrens shelter.
he spent several years there till a wall of the shelter collapsed and he was among 40 teenagers to flee.
he then came to mumbai, said sajida.
it was sajidas sister in-law who finalized her wedding with him.
sajida is youngest among four brothers and three sisters.
sometime before eid in 2014, someone suggested that he visit the cid for help in getting a passport to go to pakistan.
he wanted to take all of us to his hometown for eid to meet his family.
however, cops told the media that they had raided our house, said sajida.
siraj was booked for staying illegally in the country.
i request the government to give him an indian nationality or send me and my kids to pakistan, said sajida and added that social worker raj awasthi, who is helping her, has written to the prime minister and the national human rights commission for help, but there has been no response so far.
if adnan sami (singer) can be given indian citizenship , then why not my husband?
is it because we are poor?
the family said they had filed an application for sirajs indian citizenship and it was pending.
siraj called sajida after reaching lahore.
i spoke to my in-laws too.
khan told me he will prepare a passport and come back to meet us soon.
i will fight for his nationality until we get justice.
amritsar: a native of gurdaspur district, nishan singh (32) died in an unexplained incident in saudi arabia.
the cement company, for which nishan worked, has not even informed the family about his death so far.
the family came to know about his death last week, when a friend working in saudi arabia called them from there.
nishan is survived by three sisters and mother harjinder kaur.
his father died 12 years ago.
the family had given their small piece of land on mortgage to arrange for around rs 2.
5 lakh to pay a travel agent who got nishan a job in saudi arabia.
talking to toi on monday, the victims sister rajbir kaur said nishan died on april 7.
a family friends, aman, who works in saudi arabia, told us about his death, she said.
aman told them that nishan was hospitalized on march 31 after being in an accident involving acid, she said.
he was declared dead on april 7.
till date no company official has bothered to inform us about it, said rajbir.
the family has now appealed to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for help and also sought compensation since the family has no earning hand now.
we didnt see him for the past three years.
my mother wants to cremate her son with her own hands, said rajbir.
she said nishan had not visited home after he left for saudi arabia as he did not get leave.
meanwhile, rights activist jas uppal of uk-based justice upheld said rajbir had contacted her seeking an investigation into her brothers death.
said a colleague of nishan, who wished to remain anonymous for fear of reprisal, said he was working as a driver in the factory and was expected to do other work.
he claims that nishan was working the night shift from 10pm to 6am during which he was handling a large container of hot cement, which leaked, said she said.
this story is from december 10, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: india and china for the first time will launch a forum for high-level people-to-people and cultural exchange on december 21.
the mechanism, which will cap a year of thaw in sino-indian ties, will be inaugurated by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart and state councillor wang yi.
relations between the countries have seen quite a turnaround in 2018 after the bitterness over china's reluctance to allow india into the nuclear suppliers group (nsg) and beijing 's, as the indian government described it, double standards on terrorism, not least for the way china blocked a un ban on jem chief masood azhar.
the wuhan spirit, emanating from the first ever informal summit between pm narendra modi and president xi jinping in april this year, has prevailed though and both sides seem keen to further build upon it.
the two leaders in wuhan had also discussed ways to promote greater cultural and people-to-people exchanges and agreed to explore establishing new mechanisms in that direction.
the first ever high-level people-to-people and cultural exchange is in line with the sentiment expressed by both leaders in wuhan, said a diplomatic source.
the chinese embassy here had held a youth dialogue last month in the run up to the first ever high-level people-to-people and cultural exchange meeting.
chinese ambassador to india luo zhaohui had then said that sino-indian relations were at one of the best periods in history.
in a congratulatory message, modi had said that the dialogue dialogue will provide a platform for the youth of both nations to build a great wall of trust and cooperation between the two countries.
at wuhan, modi and xi had also underscored the importance of maintaining peace and tranquility in all areas of the india-china border region in the larger interest of the overall development of bilateral relations.
significantly for india, the strategic guidance issued by the leaders to their respective militaries to strengthen communication in order to build trust and mutual understanding, and enhance predictability and effectiveness in the management of border affairs, has held.
by ensuring peace along the border areas, as officials here said, it has not allowed the boundary issue to hinder progress in other areas of the relationship.
wang, and nsa ajit doval, only last month held the 21st meeting of the special representatives of india and china on the boundary question.
recalling the strategic guidance provided by the leaders at the wuhan summit, as a statement by mea said, the special representatives resolved to intensify their efforts to achieve a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution to the india-china boundary question at an early date .
uttarpara: parents and widow of research scholar snigdhadip dey (27), who died in paris on february 11, were on wednesday finally informed by the indian embassy there that his body would reach india on saturday.
for the past 10 days, the bereaved family had been living in uncertainty over when they would be able to see their dear one for one last time.
dey was studying evolutionary ecology at institute of biology in paris for the last four years.
his parentssisir kumar dey and amitalive at uttarparas bachaspati sarani, while his wife, payel, along with their two-month-old daughter, is currently staying at her parents place at chinsurahs khadina crossing.
the family claimed they had been in contact with an official of the indian embassy in paris.
he told us the postmortem on snigdhadips body had been completed.
he also assured us that his body would be flown back home after some official procedures were over, sisir said.
it looks like we wont receive our sons remains before saturday.
his landlady, nathalie noel, has given us one explanation about my sons death, another to our daughter-in-law and a third to my sons friends in washington dc.
he was her tenant for the past 14 months.
we demand she be thoroughly interrogated.
i want to know how exactly my son died.
his death is highly suspicious.
my daughter-in-law and i last spoke to him on february 10.
we could not contact him from the next day.
we learnt about his death only after two of his friends in the us enquired and learnt that he had died.
sisir added, i had emailed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , who forwarded it to the indian embassy in paris.
thereafter, we have been getting feedback from the embassy.
payel demaded that she be told clearly how her husband died.
i last spoke to him on saturday, february 10.
we used to speak about four times a day.
he was perfectly fine and never complained of any illness.
as far as i know, he had no enemies there.
what could have happened so suddenly that he lost his life.
this story is from november 1, 2018vasundhara rajedownload the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur: after widespread speculations in the ruling party to deny ticket to half of its incumbent legislators, including ministers, bjp finds itself in a dilemma with chief minister vasundhara raje not agreeing to drop most of the sitting mlas.
the deliberations over the probable tickets reached new delhi on wednesday after the state bjps core committee and senior leaders, including state partys election in-charge prakash javadekar , failed to draw a consensus over the panel of probable candidates, which were to be submitted to party high command.
sources within the party claimed that while the rss-backed leaders of the state, including chandrashekhar, v satish, gajendra singh shekhawat and satish poonia were in favour of replacing the candidates who are facing anti-incumbency and who did not receive a positive response in the surveys conducted by the party, raje has reportedly challenged the move and struck down the idea completely.
rajes decision not to replace candidates has been supported by cabinet ministers rajendra rathore and arun chaturvedi.
senior leaders of the state bjp gathered at union minister prakash javadekars residence on wednesday, where the senior leader tried to pacify the two group, who for the past three days, are involved in heavy arguing over the probable candidates.
while raje is said to be basing her argument on the feedback she received in the survey which was conducted on her directions, the group of rss-backed leaders are arguing that feedback received in their independently conducted surveys is contradictor to hers.
raje had reportedly earlier agreed not to challenge the organisations decision on the condition that the terms of selecting a candidate are agreed upon.
however, with both the parties forming the findings of separate surveys for finalising the candidates, a conflict situation has risen and raje has refused to organisations proposal of dropping the ministers and several of her mlas.
after a day-long series of meetings in delhi, raje returned to jaipur late on wednesday night.
boxpm, yogi in star campaign listprime minister narendra modi , uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath, bjp president amit shah included in the list of star campaigners for bjp for the forthcoming polls.
the list announced on wednesday has 11 central ministers, seven mps and the battery of state leaders.
senior cabinet ministers include external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh, hrd minister prakash javadekar, textile minister smriti irani , sports minister rajyavardhan singh rathore and agriculture minister gajendra singh shekhawat.
<p>foreign minister of bulgaria ezaharieva welcomed eam sushmaswaraj ahead of the delegation level talks in so.
.
.
read morestraight to work!
foreign minister of #bulgaria @ezaharievamfa welcomed eam @sushmaswaraj ahead of the delegation https://t.
co/hslmbbv1ky  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1550337711000preparing ground for expanding relationship eam @sushmaswaraj held constructive meeting with deputy prime minister https://t.
co/sfsjvg9rbj  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1550345842000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met her bulgarian counterpart ekaterina zaharieva on saturday and the two discussed a range of bilateral issues including those related to economy, agriculture and health.
swaraj is on a two-day official visit to bulgaria , the first ever of an indian external affairs minister to the balkan nation, according to the ministry of external affairs.
straight to work!
foreign minister of bulgaria @ezaharievamfa welcomed eam @sushmaswaraj ahead of the delegation level talks in sofia .
two countries are natural partners based on the foundation of deep historical and cultural linkages dating back to 8th century, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
preparing ground for expanding relationship.
eam @sushmaswaraj held constructive meeting with deputy prime minister & foreign minister of bulgaria @ezaharievamfa.
discussed a range of bilateral themes in economy, agriculture, health & pharma, it, s &t, tourism & culture, he said in another tweet.
swaraj's visit is a follow-up to the state visit of president ram nath kovind to bulgaria in september last year.
she will interact with the indian community and friends of india in sofia during the visit.
the external affairs minister will visit kingdom of morocco from february 17-18.
she will be spain from february 18-19.
this story is from november 18, 2018mangaluru man abducts 2 children to uae, wife approaches rights panel for helpdownload the times of india news app for latest cityudupi: the human rights protection fou ndation on saturday urged the external affairs ministry to heed the cry of a mother who wanted to get her two minor children (a boy and a girl) back from their father who allegedly took them from india to abu dhabi rishana nilofer of ullal alleged that her husband, mohammed shanib, employed in the gulf as an engineer, came to mangaluru on september 8 for the delivery of their third child.
at 4pm on september 18, shanib took the two children out on the pretext of buying them ice cream.
the same day, he took the children to abu dhabi by a night flight without her knowledge.
after landing at abu dhabi, around 10pm, he told her the children were with him in abu dhabi.
for the next two days he updated her about the children through whatsapp images.
after that, there was no communication and neither she nor her relatives have any idea about them.
ravindranath shanbhag, president, human rights protection foundation, udupi said, we demand that the indian embassy take immediate action to bring the children back otherwise there is a possibility of the mothers life being endangered.
hrpf has submitted a detailed report about this to sushmaswaraj swaraj , external affairs minister.
shanib has taken all documents of the children.
their marriage was solemnized with the consent of both families.
though some muslim origination tried to resolve the problem, there has been no result.
on october 1, she approached hrpf with her newborn girl child with her saga of suffering.
he added, we guided her to go to the jamaat and resolve the dispute peacefully.
we also advised her to register a police complaint.
even after two months, community elders couldnt resolve this dispute.
lathiff, in-charge, samman counseling centre, said, we contacted kannadiga friends in abu dhabi who have promised to resolve this dispute amic ably.
however, shanib is not cooperating, and he says its a family issue and others should not interfere.
he should give the children back as no law supports a one-year old child to be with the father.
even as per the muslim sunni sect, a girl child shall be in the custody of the mother till she attains puberty and a boy child till hes seven.
mehbooba, a social worker said, when they went to ullal police, they directed them to womens police station at pandeshwar, where the case was registered.
amritsar: having arrived here on a visa to amritsar for 20 days, majority of pakistan nationals are preparing to head home just three days into their pilgrimage.
how long can we offer prayers in gurdwaras and temples and eat langar.
we need to visit other cities, especially haridwar, but we dont have visas, said a pakistani national who didnt want to give his name, while talking to toi on wednesday.
a 45-member pakistani jatha (group of pilgrims) of hindus and sikhs had arrived here on march 12 on a visa for amritsar.
according to many pilgrims, they were assured of an onward visa to haridwar and delhi.
another pakistani pilgrim said he had earlier visited india on a pilgrim visa twice or thrice but it was for the first time that he was given visa for amritsar only.
in 2011, we visited more than six cities but now we were given visa to travel to amritsar only, he said, adding he along with his parents, would leave for pakistan on thursday.
paramjit singh chandok of the delhi sikh gurdwara management committee (dsgmc), who had extended invitation to pakistani pilgrims, said, we had extended them the invitation to visit amritsar, haridwar and delhi but the indian high commission in pakistan had issued them visa to visit amritsar only.
we cant do anything about it.
one more pakistani pilgrim alleged harassment in the name of police verification.
we are supposed to go to amritsar police commissioner office for registration.
everyone has to be present in person.
it would have been better if the person concerned arrived in our serai (inn) and does the registration, he said, adding that they were also fleeced by the taxi and auto-rickshaw drivers.
we are also going back.
there is no fun staying in amritsar for 20 days, he said.
however, lalita devsi, wife of missing pakistani devsi babu, said she would continue to stay in india for the entire visa duration, expressing hope that indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj might allow her to meet her in delhi.
this story is from february 10, 2019the group with mp bhagwant mann on their return at delhi.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chandigarh: four punjabis, including a couple, stranded in armenia since december returned home on saturday.
sangrur mp bhagwant mann of the aam aadmi party, who had taken up their case with the ministry of external affairs, received them at the airport in delhi.
harmanjeet singh of nadala town in kapurthala, jatinder singh of amritsar , shamsher singh and his wife pinki of bholath in kapurthala were stranded in armenia after travel agents duped them and sent them to the country on december 3, 2018 on travel visas despite promising them work visas.
they had paid around rs 4 lakh each for work visa but didn't get any work and were living a miserable life.
revealing details of their plight at the igi airport, the three men said that the travel agent had sent them to armenia on fake promises of providing them jobs with monthly salary of about rs 45,000.
when we reached armenia, they took away our passports and locked us in a room, said harmanjeet, a carpenter by profession.
jatinder singh, who paid rs 4 lakh to his travel agent said he had taken a loan from a money lender.
i don't know how i will repay the loan, a worried jatinder added.
the three men had recently uploaded a video on social media urging the sangrur mp to help them.
mann had taken up the issue with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who directed the indian embassy in armenia to help the four punjabis return home.
swaraj had also taken up the matter with punjab chief minister amarinder singh, asking him to act against the erring travel agents.
after this, the kapurthala police booked six people, including an armenia-based travel agent, for allegedly fraudulently sending the four people to armenia on tourist visas after promising work visas.
this story is from december 17, 2018sushma swarajdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: non-resident indian groups expressed concern over difficulties in aadhaar enrolment and demanded a change of law to enable every nri , irrespective of residential status, get enrolled for aadhaar.
many nri activists alleged that though a circular was issued by the unique identification authority of india ( uidai ), several departments still demanded aadhaar card from nris to issue pan cards, register property and for other essential services.
the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) act, 2016, states that only a person who has resided in india for a period or periods amounting in all to 182 days or more in the 12 months before the date of application is eligible for enrolment.
kv shamsudheen, chairman of pravasi bandhu welfare trust, said, we have written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj about issues related to aadhaar enrolment.
two years ago, it was announced that the government would issue aadhaar card to all nris.
but that was not done.
the ceo of the uidai published a circular in which he advised all the indian authorities not to demand aadhaar cards from non-resident indians, because they were not eligible to take aadhaar cards as per the current law.
he said that despite the circular, authorities still demanded aadhaar card from nris to issue pan cards, for property registration etc.
as a result, many nris facing difficulties to obtain an aadhaar card, at times, take the illegal route by bribing officials.
other countries that have biometric identity cards, issue it to its citizens.
india is the only country in the world that is issuing the identification card only to its resident citizens, added shamsudheen.
this story is from february 3, 2019(from left to right) sukhbir singh badal and amit shah.
maharashtra government wants to amend hazur sahib actdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chandigarh/ jalandhar : in the backdrop of reports of escalating rift on some issues between allies shiromani akali dal (sad) and bjp, the sad president sukhbir singh badal and national bjp president amit shah held a two-hour meeting at new delhi on friday evening.
well placed sources in sad said that all issues have been ironed out between sad and bjp.
both sides can't afford to annoy each other, they added.
earlier, sad spokesperson and former cabinet minister, daljit singh cheema said, we are not aware about the outcome of the meeting.
cheema said both party presidents were to discuss the issue of bjp and rss interference in the hazur sahib gurdwara management in nanded, maharashtra since the lok sabha elections are nearing, they were expected to discuss the election strategy as well, he said.
out of the total 13 lok sabha seats in punjab, sad contests from 10 and bjp three.
cheema said the sad president would reveal the details of talks at the core committee meeting scheduled at chandigarh on sunday.
it is learnt that the sad president had earlier made some unsuccessful attempts to meet shah.
the sad also refrained from issuing any official reaction to the budget.
party insiders said that after interference by the rss and the maharashtra bjp government in the management of hazur sahib gurdwara in nanded, the party leaders are waiting for the core committee meeting called on february 3.
hazur sahib is one of the five temporal seats of sikhs.
the maharashtra bjp government wants to amend the hazur sahib management act, 1956, to elect the gurdwara management committee members and to appoint its chairperson as per its choice.
however, the akali dal had been opposing it terming it an interference in sikh religious matters.
sad presidents wife and food processing industry minister harsimrat kaur had on thursday invited parliamentarians for lunch at her official residence in new delhi.
the event was attended by senior bjp leaders, including home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, textiles minister smriti irani, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and others.
but later in the afternoon, the sad had skipped the nda allies meeting for discussing parliament budget session strategy, expressing resentment over the hazur sahib management issue.
eam sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi in wuzhen.
china: eam sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi in wuzhen.
she will attend 16th foreign ministers meet https://t.
co/oabad2hdge  ani (@ani) 1551232931000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
wuzhen (china): external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday raised the recent pulwama suicide attack in her crucial bilateral meeting with chinese foreign minister wang yi here, a day after india destroyed a major jaish-e-muhammed (jem) terror training camp in pakistan.
i am visiting china at a time when there is grief and anger in india.
it is the worst terrorist attack directed against our security forces in jammu and kashmir, she said in her opening remarks during the meeting held on the side-lines of russia, india, china foreign ministers meeting.
the attack was carried out by jaish-e-muhammed, the pakistan-based and supported terrorist organisation, she said.
forty central reserve police force (crpf) personnel were killed in a suicide attack by pakistan-based jem in jammu and kashmir's pulwama district on february 14, sparking outrage in the country.
following the incident, india bombed and destroyed jem's biggest training camp in balakot in pakistan's restive khyber pakhtunkhwa province, about 80km from the line of control (loc) early tuesday, killing a very large number of terrorists, trainers and senior commanders.
after the pulwama attack the entire un has spoken with full voice to condemn it, she said.
this is our first meeting this year.
therefore, an opportune time for us to take stock of our bilateral relations and look ahead for cooperation.
the india-china relationship is an important relationship for both of our countries, she said.
accused the latter of colluding with pakistan.
+allegedly spreading falsehood and canards +#delhi prime minister narendra modi meets former pm manmohan singh at the parliament.
https://t.
co/pzeidmoe69  ani (@ani) 1513143425000delhi: congress president-elect rahul gandhi, union minister ravi shankar prasad and eam sushmaswaraj swaraj at the parli https://t.
co/5mm0w1iefz  ani (@ani) 1513143568000new delhi: in what must have been an awkward interaction, prime minister narendra modi and former pm manmohan singh met and shook hands outside parliament today, three days after the formerafter modi on sunday accused congress leaders - including singh - of having a secret meeting with a former pakistan minister and diplomats to ensure a bjp loss in gujarat, singh replied uncharacteristically sharply.
he lashed out at pm modi forto score political points in a lost cause.
the two leaders met outside parliament as they made their way into the house to pay tribute to the people who lost their lives in the 2001 parliament attack.
congress president-elect rahul gandhi, who has been engaged in an often fierce battle of wits with bjp leaders over the gujarat election, was also present at parliament and appeared to share some lighthearted moments with union ministers sushmaswaraj swaraj and ravi shankar prasad.
at a rally on sunday, pm modi had alleged that the three-hour secret meeting was attended by pakistan's high commissioner, its former foreign minister, former pm singh, and former vice-president hamid ansari .
he had further charged that the congress and certain entities in pakistan may be working together to prevent the bjp from winning gujarat.
singh later demanded that modi apologise for his ill thought transgression.
my track record of public service to the country over last five decades is known to everyone.
no one, including sh.
modi, can lamely question it to gain lost political ground, the former pm wrote in a statement that was released to the press.
he rejected the allegations, saying that he had not discussed the gujarat elections with anyone else present at the dinner.
instead, the discussion was confined to india-pakistan relations, he said.
singh added that the congress needs no sermons on nationalism from a party and prime minister, whose compromised track record on fighting terrorism is well known.
dhaka: with monsoon knocking on the door, the bangladesh government is making arrangements to shift rohingya refugees to the new islands.
approximately 1 lakh refugees will move in the first phase.
currently, there are nearly 11 lakh rohingyas in camps at coxs bazar.
bangladesh foreign minister abul hassan mahmood ali disclosed this at a media briefing in dhaka on saturday.
if the rohingya issue has hit headlines, so has the killing of bangladeshi bloggers.
some media outlets have expressed displeasure at the time taken to punish the killers.
responding to this, ali said: thats not true.
things are being done and we need time.
it also took us time to punish those who had killed bangabandhu sheikh mujibur rahman .
ali took questions on indias role in the rohingya issue.
dhaka had some initial misgivings on the matter.
but indias foreign minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj , has said that the country is with bangladesh on this issue.
india has agreed to help in providing support.
the rohingya issue is a humanitarian problem and the world has appreciated sheikh hasina governments efforts in giving shelter to the refugees, he said.
on friday, bangladesh had signed a memorandum of understanding with the unhcr, the un refugee agency, on voluntary return of rohingya refugees once conditions in myanmar are conducive.
the mou established a framework of cooperation between unhcr and bangladesh on the safe, voluntary and dignified returns of refugees in line with international standards.
what if some refugees wanted to stay on?
to this, ali pointed out that bangladesh was densely populated and would not be able to go on providing shelter.
besides, the nation had accommodated rohingyas when they had sought refuge.
the refugees are part of myanmars problems.
we are only trying to help them.
nobody wants these people to suffer, he said.
besides monetary support, bangladesh has provided two ambulances to myanmar.
incidentally, a 15-member team of the security council of united nations will visit bangladesh and myanmar soon.
the foreign minister is expecting some positive results after this visit.
though, he did acknowledge that repatriation had its own challenges.
when he met myanmar state counsellor aung san suu kyi, he discussed how villages of rohingyas had been razed to the ground.
most have been renamed.
i asked how villages named by the refugees would be identified if they have been destroyed completely, he said.
yet, he hopes things will get streamlined soon.
he has the same optimism on the teesta issue.
we have resolved even maritime issues.
so, i am hopeful, he said.
delhi: prime minister narendra modi, sonia gandhi and eam sushmaswaraj swaraj pay tribute to people who lost lives in 200 https://t.
co/ef7uzqb4cx  ani (@ani) 1513143748000delhi: congress president-elect rahul gandhi, union minister ravi shankar prasad and eam sushmaswaraj swaraj at the parli https://t.
co/5mm0w1iefz  ani (@ani) 1513143568000#delhi prime minister narendra modi meets former pm manmohan singh at the parliament.
https://t.
co/pzeidmoe69  ani (@ani) 1513143425000we pay homage to those who laid down their lives protecting the temple of our democracy on 13th december 2001.
thei https://t.
co/b4rd1zprfk  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1513146620000tributes to the martyrs of the 2001 parliament attack.
violence in any form is condemnable.
let us all strive for peace  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) 1513103965000on 13/12/2001 our brave soldiers dispelled a terror attack on the parliament house and displayed exemplary courage.
https://t.
co/jpxb58wtnv  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) 1513135413000the nation salutes the exemplary valour and courage of those martyrs who sacrificed their lives protecting the temp https://t.
co/fmjyrk4gma  rajnath singh (@rajnathsingh) 1513130717000homage to martyrs whose supreme sacrifice to protect our temple of democracy will never be forgotten by a grateful https://t.
co/tookydaapq  smriti z irani (@smritiirani) 1513142766000we will never forget the #parliamentattack of 2001 that shook the nucleus of our democracy.
the political resolve o https://t.
co/jjizbozk2g  congress (@incindia) 1513142442000new delhi: political leaders cutting across party lines began the day by remembering those who lost their lies 16 years ago during the parliament attack politicians from various political parties, including prime minister nrednra modi, gathered at the parliament on wednesday morning to pay floral tributes to the bravehearts.
also in attendance were vice-president venkaiah naidu, union home minister rajnath singh congress leader sonia gandhi and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
congress president-elect rahul gandhi was seen exchanging pleasantries with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union law minister ravi shankar prasad after paying their respects at the martyrs' memorial.
in a highly-charged moment, pm modi and former prime minister manmohan singh appeared to set aside their differences, warmly greeting one another on their way to the house.
political leaders also took to twitter to pay homage to those who sacrificed their lives on the altar of the nation.
on december 13, 2001, five heavily-armed terrorists belonging to terror outfit lashkar-e-taiba (let) and jaish-e-mohammed (jem), stormed the parliament complex in new delhi and opened fire indiscriminately.
14 people, of them 13 security personnel and one civilian, were killed in the attack.
the incident took place around 40 minutes after parliament was adjourned and about 100 members of parliament were present in the building.
include ancient indian traditions in education system, says dalai lama tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama on saturday called for the revival of the ancient indian traditions and for integrating them with the modern education system, saying doing so would help fight issues such as war and global warming.
new delhi: the buddhists' spiritual head, the dalai lama, said today he's glad prime minister narendra modi is going to meet china's president xi jinping later this week.
that's because the dalai lama - whom china considers and enemy - believes neighbours should learn to have good relations with each other.
i think it is really good that they are meeting.
they have to live side-by-side, so it is better to live as a family, said the dalai lama to ani news agency, about the xi-modi meet which will be the first between the two leaders since the doklam border standoff.
modi and xi will hold their first major informal summit in the picturesque wuhan city of central china on april 27 and 28.
the decision was made public yesterday after talks between visiting foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her chinese counterpart wang yi.
wang described the forthcoming modi-xi meeting as a new starting point in the relationship.
he also referred to the importance of supporting the world trade organization mechanism, a hint at us president donald trump's trade actions which china regards as a violation.
the engagement will also mean back-to-back visits for modi to china as he is scheduled to travel to the country again in june for the sco ( shanghai cooperation organisation ) summit.
the 73-day doklam standoff over china's attempt to build a road close to india's narrow chicken neck area connecting northeastern states ended in august last year after chinese troops stopped the road construction at doklam in sikkim section, though beijing never officially acknowledged it.
the area of the stand-off is also claimed by bhutan meanwhile, the dalai lama said yesterday that tibet can remain in china, only if beijing recognises and respects the region's distinct culture and autonomy.
historically and culturally, tibet has been independent.
china took control of tibet in 1950 in what it called a 'peaceful liberation'.
pak foreign ministry thanks journos for heckling jadhavs wife and mother?
the humiliating treatment meted out to kulbhushan jadhavs family members by pakistan and some of its media on the day they met the former naval officer seems to have pleased the countrys foreign ministry, according to some scribes there.
kulbhushan jadhav's wife, mother depressed after what happened in pakistan, says family angered by the treatment meted out to kulbhushan jadhav's mother and wife in pakistan, a relative of the former indian navy officer said on wednesday that the family was even more depressed than it had been before the visit.
both married women were presented as widows in front of a son and husband.
the former navy officer has been convicted by pakistan of spying, a charge contested by india.
jadhavs meeting with his family could have been a step forward for india-pakistan ties but the mistreatment of the women had set the clock back, she said.
there was a serious and gross violation of human rights of the family members of jadhav and an intimidating atmosphere was created for them during this meeting.
there are not enough words to condemn the same, she said.
the entire opposition endorsed swarajs comments and condemned pakistans action.
the misbehaviour of pakistan with kulbhushan jadhavs wife and mother was misbehaviour with all 130 crore indians, leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha, ghulam nabi azad , said.
the minister did not pull punches in accusing pakistan of violating the human rights of chetna and avanti by forcing them to change their clothes and removing their bangles, bindis and mangalsutras.
under the pretext of security precautions, even the attire of family members was changed.
mr jadhavs mother, who wears only saris, was instead given salwar and kurta to wear, she said, adding that the family members were also harassed through the use of offensive language and motivated accusations by the pakistani media.
when she insisted on speaking in marathi, the intercom was shut and she could not proceed further.
the family members were taken for the meeting through a separate door without informing indias deputy high commissioner j p singh who had accompanied them.
consequently, he could not see that the family members were being taken for the meeting after changing their attire and removing their bindis, bangles and mangalsutras otherwise he would have objected then and there, she said.
jadhavs wife was given slippers to wear to the meeting.
her shoes were not returned to her despite her repeated requests after the meeting.
slamming pakistan for making absurd charges of a chip, camera or a recorder being installed in the footwear of jadhavs wife, she said, at times they say there was a recorder on it (shoe), at times they say there was a camera, there was a chip.
there cannot be a white lie than this.
thank god they did not say there was a bomb inside it.
the minister said the shoe was apparently seized so that they could make mischief.
swaraj wondered if indeed there was a device in the shoe, how did it escape the security checks of air india and emirates, the two airlines avanti and chetna flew to get to islamabad.
the mother and wife, after their return, conveyed to swaraj that jadhav appeared under considerable stress and was speaking in an atmosphere of coercion.
the minister said india was now engaged in seeking permanent relief, based on stronger arguments, through the international court of justice.
new delhi: parliament remained paralysed for the 13th consecutive day on wednesday as members of aiadmk and trs continued with their protests, preventing the lok sabha from taking up the notices of no-confidence motion against the government.
while rajya sabha was adjourned for the day inside four minutes without transacting any business, the lower house was first adjourned till noon and later for the day due to unrelenting protests by the parties from andhra pradesh, tamil nadu and telangana.
as soon as the listed papers were laid on the table, members of dmk and aiadmk were on their feet demanding immediate constitution of the cauvery water management board for river water sharing between tamil nadu and karnataka.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha and congress leader ghulam nabi azad sought a discussion on atrocities against the scs and sts as well as on the statement of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the killing of 39 abducted indians in iraq.
he said the house should debate swarajs statements from last year and from tuesday.
hyderabad: the whereabouts of a woman from keesara , who went missing in madina, saudi arabia, are not known.
even the indian embassy in saudi arabia is trying to trace her.
the consulate general of india, jeddah, has tried to call shakera begum on two numbers from which she had earlier called her family but there was no response.
she had gone to saudi in 2014 after an agent duped her and sold her to a kafil (employer).
i am fearing for my daughters life.
last when i spoke with her, she told me that she was facing a lot of problems in saudi.
she wanted to be rescued and brought back to india, shakeras mother zaheda begum told toi.
zaheda said shakera also complained of being harassed and physically tortured by her kafil.
shakera last spoke to zaheda in june 2017.
zaheda wrote to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, saying shakera was sold by an agent who trafficked her to saudi.
the agent used marriage tactic for trafficking shakera, alleged zaheda.
after death of shakeras husband mohd jaffer, a relative mohammed akbar had approached them and expressed desire to marry shakera, who has four children.
akbar told shakera he would work as a driver and she could work as a maid with a family in saudi.
both travelled to dubai, but akbar flew back to hyderabad while shakera was sent to saudi.
zaheda said akbar lives with his first wife.
on confrontation, he told zaheda he had no knowledge about shakera.
i want sushmaswaraj swaraj to help bring my daughter back.
i am finding it extremely difficult to even provide food to shakeras four children, zaheda rued.
new delhi: congress spokesman manish tewari on thursday regretted accusing anna hazare of corruption and malfeasance, adding to the high-pitched attempts of a desperate centre to bring the gandhian's lokpal protest to a close.
emerging from his low profile since sunday's press conference when he slammed hazare, tewari said, i know some of my recent utterances have hurt mr hazare.
i regret the same and i would like to appeal to him as a citizen of this country to end his fast.
he added, in the course of political cut and thrust, certain things are inadvertently said which cause pain.
tewari's regret aims to take out a major thorn in the rough relations between congress and hazare ever since the spokesman went ballistic against the gandhian by accusing him of being corrupt from head to toe ahead of the protest fast.
tewari had also mocked team anna as a collection of armchair fascists, overground maoists, closet anarchists funded by invisible donors.
the belated initiative to withdraw the accusing finger followed prime minister manmohan singh's personal attempt to woo a defiant hazare to end his fast by rallying parliament to issue an appeal to the septuagenarian.
the protest fast has become a headache for upa by bringing governance to a halt.
while hazare had made known his intent to go ahead with his fast from august 16 despite appeals from the government, his group blamed tewari's intemperate comments for closing the doors on any possible rapprochement.
a hurt leader himself challenged the government to prove one rupee's corruption against him, immediately turning tewari and union minister and pm's pointsman kapil sibal into villains with the ramlila maidan crowd.
congress realized the faux pas with the party forcing tewari into virtual hiding.
the ludhiana mp even avoided lok sabha where the issue repeatedly figured in various forms, with opposition leaders like sushmaswaraj swaraj and sharad yadav advising the first-term member to exercise restraint for a long career.
imparting fresh momentum to our bilateral relationship, eam @sushmaswaraj had a positive and forward looking meetin https://t.
co/00t9i1gotq  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1512974223000further strengthening our strategic partnership, eam @sushmaswaraj had a productive meeting with the russian foreig https://t.
co/mvaqyviyj8  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1512974976000new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday held talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi on key bilateral issues.
according to sources, all issues of mutual interest were discussed between the two leaders.
wang is here to attend the russia-india-china trilateral meeting he will also attend an india-china cultural event in the evening.
the foreign ministers of russia, india and china (ric) are here to deliberate on a range of pressing regional and global issues, including ways to tackle the threat of terrorism and extremism, at the key meeting of the grouping.
this is the first high-level visit from china after the dokalam standoff in the sikkim sector this summer.
the 73-day border standoff ended on august 28 after chinese troops stopped building a key road close to india's 'chicken's neck' corridor -- that connects india to its north east states.
the road was being built by china in an area also claimed by bhutan.
new delhi: not all attempts to rescue indian hostages abroad have ended on a sad note, unlike what happened with the 39 indian labourers.
two high-profile cases, both in iraq, were the release and repatriation of indian truckers in 2004 and that of 46 kerala nurses around the same time the 39 indian workers were abducted.
the nurses were kidnapped from a hospital in the iraqi city of tikrit.
while foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj contacted foreign ministers of almost every gulf country to secure their release, a few kerala businessmen are also said to have played a key role in convincing is to free them.
similarly, three indian truckers were abducted by anti-us fighters while on their way to iraq from kuwait in 2004.
the then manmohan singh government managed to get them released after protracted negotiations headed by then junior foreign minister e ahameds.
it helped that the kidnappers were not anti-india.
in another high-profile case, father tom uzhunnalil of kerala was released from yemen with help from oman in september 2017.
oman helped india secure his release after a request from the vatican.
in july 2016, judith dsouza, an indian ngo worker who was abducted from kabul in afghanistan , was rescued.
new delhi: prime minister manmohan singh has offered a new formula to end the lokpal deadlock with team anna.
replying to the debate on corruption in lok sabha, prime minister said the government is ready to debate all versions of the lokpal bill in circulation at present.
the pm said the aim was to give the country a strong lokpal and for that the government was ready to involve all sections in discussions.
the pm said alongwith the jan lokpal bill the bills prepared by aruna roy's ncpri and jaiprakash narain (of hyderabad) will also be debated by the parliament.
after the debate, the strongest points of all the bills could be forwarded to the standing committee for its consideration.
the pm said he hadn't given full thought to the feasibility of his proposal but urged the speaker and the mps to give it thought and decide if this could be a via media for reaching a solution with anna and his team.
manmohan singh once again reached out to anna hazare and urged him to end his fast immediately.
heaping praise on anna hazare, manmohan singh said, i respect his idealism, i applaud him and i salute him.
urging anna hazare to end his fast he said that hazare had made his point and his life was precious and valuable for the nation.
the pm's appeal was seconded by the leader of the opposition sushmaswaraj swaraj, who also appealed to hazare to end his fast and assured him that the opposition would ensure that the govt passed a strong lokpal bill.
the lok sabha passed a resolution urging hazare to end the fast and later the speaker made an appeal to this effect on behalf of the house.
earlier, the pm accused the opposition of making personal attacks on him on the issue of corruption.
hyderabad: months after a woman from old city was divorced over phone, she took to twitter and sought justice from foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj ghousia begum, 31, from errakunta in pahadeeshareef was married to zahran hamed al rajhi, a resident of nizwan, oman, in 2008 at barkas in hyderabad.
my husband who resides in oman called me over the phone on august 15 and pronounced talaq without any prior notice or due procedure as per islamic laws.
there is no one to look after me and my mother after my father passed away.
we need help, ghousia said.
on tuesday, ghousia put an appeal before minister of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj through a video that was posted on twitter.
the 31-year-old also sent a written application to swaraj seeking her help in getting compensation from her oman-based husband.
the email to swaraj was sent along with a photograph of the couple on their wedding day and her husband's identity proof.
in the email, ghousia alleged that out of the seven girls who were presented to the old omani national, he selected her for marriage and also promised to buy her a house worth 10 lakh in hyderabad.
''ever since we got married, he visited hyderabad every year and sent me money regularly.
but in august this year i received a call from him and he pronounced talaq without giving any prior notice or following due islamic procedure,'' ghousia said.
when ghousia approached her relatives who had mediated the marriage, she said that they were of no help.
they were rude and asked me to marry another arab, she said.
agartala: the bjp parliamentary board will meet on saturday evening to decide on the future chief minister of tripura, where the party is likely to form a government, bjp general secretary ram madhav said today.
our parliamentary board (the party's highest decision making body) will meet in the evening and take a call, he said at a press conference when asked who will be the bjp chief minister in tripura.
the bjp and its ally indigenous people's front of tripura (ipft) had surged ahead and established a lead in 39 constituencies, according to election commission sources here.
the majority mark in the 60 member assembly was 31.
the bjp parliamentary board comprises prime minister narendra modi, party chief amit shah, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley, transport minister nitin gadkari besides a few others.
39 indian citizens who went missing in iraq.
+is this the way to run external affairs ministry?
does it behove the office of sushmaswaraj swaraj ji to block a member o https://t.
co/e8z8adj6ci  partap singh bajwa (@partap_sbajwa) 1514364504000wow, .
@sushmaswaraj has a big heart that she never misses an opportunity to issue medical visa to pakistanis but on https://t.
co/valhaehok8  prasun maitra (@prasunmaitra) 1514221195000hmmm expected https://t.
co/rcyv1eryzm  freelance bhakt (@exsecular) 1514273984000new delhi: should a minister, holding a public office, block people on social media?
questions were raised by internet users after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj blocked congress mp from punjab , pratap singh bajwa on wednesday.
bajwa, it appears, had grilled the external affairs minister on the issue ofswaraj, who has 10.
9 million followers on twitter, was not pleased with bajwa's line of questioning and blocked him on twitter, bajwa alleged.
the ministers action of blocking a fellow parliamentarian raised several eyebrows on the internet.
a number of social media users questioned, if a person holding public office should block people on a public platform?
of late, there have been reports that the minister, who is otherwise known for being accommodating on the microblogging website, has not taken criticism on social media too well.
in the recent past, several social media users posted screenshots of messages informing them that their accounts have been blocked by the minister.
new delhi: the government may push for a special session of the united nations to mark the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of mahatma gandhi beginning on october 2, this year after the proposal found resonance at the first meeting of a committee set up to plan events related to the occasion.
the suggestion, mooted by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and backed by leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad was aired during the meeting of the national committee to commemorate the anniversary on wednesday.
the meeting also saw three opposition chief ministers suggesting that mahatma gandhis message of peace and non-violence must be reasserted during the year-long celebrations in what some saw as a political message at a time when bjp and its opponents are trading charges of abetting divisiveness.
however, with the president chairing the meeting, the scope for politicking was limited.
odisha chief minister naveen patnaik suggested ahimsa (non-violence) should be included in the preamble of the indian constitution.
quoting gandhi, he said, as long as poverty exists, freedom is only a wooden loaf.
to remove poverty is the greatest task faced by any government.
this cannot be achieved without following gandhijis principle of ahimsa (non-violence).
j&k cm mehbooba mufti suggested that the 150th anniversary be declared as the year of peace and reconciliation and the government should use internet and social media to engage with the youth and teach them about the mahatmas truth and non-violence.
west bengal cm mamata banerjee said the occasion should serve india to send out a message of harmony; that the country has risen above the differences of religion and caste.
pm narendra modi said the celebrations should not indulge in tokenisms and should be a karyanjali (call to action) rather than shraddhanjali.
she also said convention centres being built by the indian mission in africa will be named after mahatma gandhi.
sri sri ravi shankar, one of the members of the committee, recommended that a chair on human values in memory of gandhi be set up in various universities across the world.
it was also decided that a smaller executive committee, chaired by the pm, will be formed and will take the preparations for the commemoration, forward.
pakistan nationals fatima naeem (13 yrs), mansoor bhagani and shehab asif have sought medical visa for their treatm https://t.
pakistan nationals fatima naeem (13 years), mansoor bhagani and shehab asif have sought medical visa for their treatment in india.
we have approved their visa, she tweeted on wednesday.
asif needs a liver transplant and has an appointment at a chennai hospital.
swaraj has adopted a sympathetic stand on granting medical visas to pakistani nationals notwithstanding the strain in bilateral ties.
amritsar: families of 39 indians, who were killed in iraq after being captured by the islamic state (is) militants in june 2014 from mosul, are making preparations to cremate the victims.
bodies of 27 punjabis and four himachalis will arrive at the airport here on monday.
the dcs of the districts to which these victims belonged held meetings with their families on saturday to inform them about arrangements.
amritsar dc kamaldeep singh sangha said on saturday that he had held a detailed meeting with officials of the customs, immigration, central industrial security force, police, iaf and civil aviation to chalk out the preparations for smooth handing over of the bodies to their respective relatives.
he said that he had also talked to the dcs of other districts in punjab and himachal pradesh for sending ambulances or vehicles for ferrying coffins to their native places, where they would be cremated later.
according to reports, union minister of state for external affairs v k singh would be visiting iraq on sunday and return with the remains of the 39 indians on monday - first to amritsar and then to patna and kolkota.
meanwhile, sangha stated that the administration was planning to use the exit passage of the airport on the flying club side so that normal operations of the international airport were not hampered and there was no chaos since the mood would be sombre as relatives would be grieving.
on march 20, almost three and half years after they were shot dead by the is near mosul city of iraq, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had confirmed the killings following the matching of the dnas of slain indians with their relatives back home.
all 39 indians who worked in a construction company were captured by the is in june 2014 and killed in cold blood.
meanwhile, gurpinder kaur, sister of manjinder singh , one of the victims, said the administration had conveyed the message to the relatives of hapless indians that their bodies were arriving on monday.
i will go to receive the body of my brother which will be cremated at our native village babowal, she said.
however, she maintained that the government had not given any information on compensation to be given to the relatives of those killed.
last monday, we had met sushmaswaraj swaraj and she had assured us of aid, added gurpinder.
this story is from january 22, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lucknow/ varanasi: the first day of bharatiya pravasi divas, which is being held in varanasi, witnessed flutters on monday after booklets featuring former union minister m j akbar , who was forced to step down amid accusations of sexual harassment during a metoo campaign last year, were distributed among nris.
up government officials said booklet was conceived and published in may 2018 when akbar was part of the nda cabinet.
the first page of the booklet read team mea which featured union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and junior foreign minister v k singh apart from akbar.
a europe-based nri businessman, who deals in garment merchandise and was present at the event said government should have been cautious before including his name in the booklet.
it is a prominent annual event of the government and if such tainted ministers are still part of government's policy and planning, it is a shame, he said.
a 39-year-old medico, who studies in california, said keeping in mind that varanasi is pm's lok sabha seat, such decisions may dent his otherwise clean image.
akbar, who had come under attack over allegations of misconduct by women with several opposition parties baying for his removal, also feature in photographs of several key meetings of external affairs ministry inside the booklet.
as many as 4,500 delegates from 80-plus countries are expected to turn at the ongoing 15th pravasi bharatiya divas.
this story is from december 20, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lodha had written to swaraj on october 5 requesting that jinnah house should be made a cultural centre.
the pmo has instructed us to renovate and refurbish jinnah house to develop it on the pattern of facilities available in hyderabad house in delhi.
accordingly, approval of the pmo was sought for transfer of the property from iccr (indian council for cultural relations) to our ministry.
the letter, dated december 5, further said, we are in the process of transferring the ownership in our name.
lodha said on wednesday that with this development, the controversy (about the bungalow's ownership and how it should be utilised) will get over now as it is going be developed on the patterns of hyderabad house.
the bungalow on malabar hill was designed by architect claude batley in european style and jinnah lived there in the late 1930s.
pakistan had demanded that the property should be handed over to it for housing its mumbai consulate.
interestingly, lodha had once demanded that the structure be demolished, as it was a symbol of partition.
jinnah's daughter dina wadia had in august 2007 approached the bombay high court claiming that being the sole legal heir of jinnah, she should get the possession of the house.
after her death, her son and wadia group chairman nusli neville wadia is carrying on the litigation.
in 2010, the hc had admitted dina's petition, in which she had staked claim to the palatial property as the daughter of mohammed ali jinnah and as his sole heir''.
almost 91 then, dina had challenged a 60-year-old notification of the indian government that defined jinnah house as evacuee property - property of a person who left india after march 1, 1947, to stay in pakistan.
the government said jinnah willed his house to his sister fatima on may 30, 1939.
but dina and her lawyers denied the existence of any such valid will.
the dispute turned into a three-way fight when the hc also admitted a petition by jinnah's grandnephew mohammed ebrahim and his son, staking independent claim to the house.
their counsel yusuf muchala had contended that under muslim law, they were the legal heirs of fatima jinnah and, hence, entitled to the property.
islamabad: pakistan has told india that it will not open its airspace for commercial flights until new delhi removes its fighter jets from forward iaf airbases, pakistan's aviation secretary shahrukh nusrat has informed a parliamentary committee.
pakistan fully closed its airspace on february 26 after the indian air force (iaf) fighter jets struck a jaish-e-mohammed (jem) terrorist training camp in balakot following the pulwama terror attack in kashmir aviation secretary nusrat, who is also the director general of the civil aviation authority (caa), on thursday informed the senate standing committee on aviation that his department has intimated indian officials that pakistani airspace would remain unavailable for use by india until the country withdraws its fighter jets from forward positions, dawn news reported.
the indian government approached asking us to open the airspace.
we conveyed our concerns that first india must withdraw its fighter planes placed forward, nusrat told the committee.
he further apprised the committee that indian officials have contacted pakistan requesting it to lift the airspace restrictions.
however, indian officials have been told that indian airbases are still laden with fighter jets and pakistan will not allow resumption of flight operations from india until their removal, said nusrat.
after the restrictions, all the passenger flights are being diverted to alternative routes by india, the express tribune reported.
the caa official also contested india's claim that delhi had opened its airspace for pakistan, the report said.
pakistani flights from thailand have not been restored since the closure of the indian airspace.
pakistan international airlines (pia) flights for malaysia also remain suspended, the caa dg informed the committee.
last month, pakistan gave special permission to prime minister narendra modi's vvip flight to use its airspace for his official trip to attend the shanghai cooperation organisation summit in bishkek, the capital of kyrgyzstan.
however prime minister modi's vvip aircraft avoided flying over pakistan.
earlier, pakistan had allowed india's former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to fly directly though pakistani airspace to participate in the meeting of sco foreign ministers in bishkek on may 21.
india aviation industry has suffered huge losses due to the airspace ban by pakistan.
on thursday, civil aviation minister hardeep singh puri told parliament that due to the closure of pakistan airspace, air india had to spend an extra rs 430 crore on longer routes.
this story is from december 22, 2018ap photomake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: india and china launched their first high-level people-to-people and cultural exchange mechanism on friday by listing 10 pillars of cooperation after a meeting between foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and her counterpart wang yi.
india has over $50 billion trade deficit with china.
she expressed hope that china will provide support for market access to indian goods and services.
our bilateral economic ties have progressed well.
she also thanked the chinese side for specific steps taken by it in recent times to address the issue.
we are confident that we will receive continuous support from the chinese side so that we can increase our trade in a sustainable and balanced way, she added.
bengaluru: the failure of the ministry of external affairs to communicate changes in indian passports has affected many people planning to travel to germany since january.
several indians have lost hundreds of euros in the process.
the passports issued from september 2017 in some cities and january 2018 in a few others have the passport number perforated from the first page as compared to the middle of the booklet earlier.
the german consulates said these cannot be accepted as mea hadnt informed them of the change.
by monday evening, some applicants, whose visas were stuck at the consulate, told toi theyve been getting calls from vfs centres in bengaluru, pune and other cities that their applications will be processed.
a 28-year-old woman, who works for an it firm headquartered in the us, told toi from mumbai: ive been working here for seven years and have been travelling regularly to germany for six years.
for the time, the german consulate in mumbai refused to stamp my passport, and said theyve not been informed about the new security feature (perforated numbers).
since then, ive been running around to various government offices, but in vain.
the woman said she had paid 1,200 euros rent to an apartment owner in germany and 1,200 euros more will be deducted this month.
we have to prebook apartments and make payments.
luckily, i havent booked my flight tickets, she said.
in an email to another applicant, the visa section of the german consulate in mumbai wrote: perforation is a security feature done by the indian government.
since there is change with the specification now, for which we have not been informed officially.
hence, we have put your sons application on hold.
the vfs-germany website had posted a notice that it will not accept these new passports from february 18 and said applicants must acertain the reasons from the indian government.
the website had a picture of the type of passport that wont be accepted.
but according to the woman from mumbai, her passport was rejectedbefore january 18.
with many people losing money and having to cancel their plans, they have been calling regional passport offices and officials in new delhi.
more than 50 of them have formed a whatsapp group and collectively tweeting to officials and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but havent elicited any response.
on monday morning, toi called the chief passport officers office in delhi.
an official said: send an email and your problem will be addressed.
b'hyderabad: while uzma, the indian woman who alleged she was forced to marry a pakistani man at gunpoint, has returned, the fate of another indian woman who has been held captive by her husband seems unclear.
mohammedi begum, 45, from hyderabad has been struggling to return to her country from sialkot, where she has been held captive, for the last 10 years.
mohammedi begum\'s parents - father mohd akber and mother hazira begum - are hopeful that union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will help in bringing back their daughter.
my daughter has been suffering for 10 years in pakistan.
i plead with sushmaswaraj swaraj to get her back, hazira begum said.
according to the mother, mohammedi\'s husband beats her everyday.
she is physically abused and kicked.
her husband and other family members do not even take her to the hospital.
my daughter is being treated like a slave, hazira begum said.
on thursday evening, mohammedi made a phone call to her parents once again and narrated her plight.
residents of new mohammednagar, bandlaguda, and the family were excited that mohammedi had got a good proposal for marriage in 1996.
they were shown the photograph of mohammed younis of oman and they agreed for the marriage.
the nikah was performed on the phone.
in less than a month\'s time, my daughter went to oman, hazira begum said.
however, little did the family or even mohammedi know that she had gotten married to a pakistani national until she was forced to go to the country by younis.
while in muscat, oman, she gave birth to four children and another son in pakistan.
mohammedi begum\'s plight was taken to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj by mbt leader amjedullah khan sometime back and she had also responded.
the high commission of india in pakistan is also pursuing the issue.
we know the government is seriously pursuing mohammedi\'s issue but my daughter is growing desparate by the day.
the process should be speeded up, mohd akber said.
jaipur: a man missing from his home in bundi district for five years has been traced to a jail in pakistan, an official said on tuesday.
this is the second such case in rajasthan in about a fortnight.
last month, the family of jaipurs gajanand sharma, untraceable for 36 years, learnt that he is lodged in a jail in pakistan.
in the recent case, authorities are not clear how jugraj bheel, now 25, from rampuria village strayed into pakistani territory.
we received an inquiry to verify jugraj bheel's nationality, bundi district superintendent of police yogesh yadav said.
the youth is in a pakistani jail.
we have found his family members in rampuria village, falling in dabi police station area, he added.
his family members have said that jugraj was mentally unstable but they do not know how he strayed into pakistan, said yadav.
the bundi sp said he received a report from the state police headquarters last month seeking information about jugraj bheel.
police said the villagers 60-year-old father bhairon bheel has confirmed his identity.
jugraj bheel, a resident of rampuria village in dabi area, is a mentally challenged youth, who is most likely to have strayed into pakistan boarder while attending baba ramdev fair in jaisalmer district, said budhi prakesh nama , sho, dabi police station.
bheel had left home earlier too and was later traced in kota district.
around five years ago he left home again but he neither returned home nor could be traced, nama said, adding that youths family members did not lodge any missing report with the police.
bheel is unmarried and lived with his father.
i am happy to hear about my son being traced i am equally anxious for his safe return to home in bundi, bharion lal bheel, the missing mans father, told toi.
he added, i would meet the bundi district collector on wednesday and through him would request the state and the central governments for his safe return from the pakistan jail.
confirming about jugraj bheels mental condition, ramesh gujjar (28) of his nearby village said, jugraj has been mentally challenged since birth and used to often stray somewhere but would return home on his own after some days.
when he was lost last, he did not return, following which his family members searched for him in kota and bundi district but being illiterate and in poor financial condition they could not go further in his search nor did they lodge any missing report, said ramesh.
a fortnight ago, an inquiry into the case of 68-year-old gajanand sharma had also revealed that he was lodged in pakistan jail.
he had gone missing 36 years ago from his home in jaipur's brahampuri area.
a police investigation confirmed his nationality and traced his family members.
bjp in-charge for party affairs in rajasthan, avinash rai khanna, and jaipur mp ramcharan bohra met sharmas family on june 2 and assured all possible help for his safe return from pakistan.
they bjp leaders told the family that the party has written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj seeking her intervention to secure sharmas release from the pakistani jail.
sushma swaraj with sonia gandhi (pti file photo)new delhi: congress leaders rahul gandhi and sonia gandhi on wednesday paid their last respects to senior bjp leader and former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , who passed away on tuesday night after suffering a cardiac arrest.
the former external affair minister had contested the 1999 lok sabha election from bellary in karnataka against the then congress president sonia gandhi.
she, however, lost the contest in the congress bastion by a relatively small margin of about 55,000 votes.
also, after the 2004 parliamentary elections, when congress-led upa was poised to form a government, swaraj had threatened to shave her head if sonia gandhi became the prime minister due to the foreign origin of the congress leader.
as the leader of opposition in lok sabha during congress-led united progressive alliance (upa) ii government, the bjp leader was unsparing in her attacks and helped build momentum against the congress.
former prime minister manmohan singh also visited the residence of the political stalwart and extended sympathy to her family.
i was shocked to hear about the sudden demise of smt sushmaswaraj swaraj.
in her death our country has lost a respected and dedicated leader, said singh in a statement.
extolling the deceased for her leadership skills, singh added, i have fond memories of my association with her when she was leader of opposition in the lok sabha.
she was a leader of high esteem who was highly respected by everybody irrespective of party-lines.
she was a great parliamentarian and exceptionally talented minister of the union government.
late night on tuesday, rahul gandhi took to the microblogging site to pay tribute to the prolific leader.
i'm shocked to hear about the demise of sushmaswaraj swaraj ji, an extraordinary political leader, a gifted orator & an exceptional parliamentarian, with friendships across party lines.
my condolences to her family in this hour of grief.
may her soul rest in peace.
om shanti, gandhi tweeted.
swaraj, on tuesday was admitted to all india institutes of medical sciences (aiims), where she breathed her last.
according to sources at aiims, the 67-year-old was feeling restless at 9 pm and reached the hospital at around 9:30 pm in an ambulance.
a team of doctors tried to revive her for 70 to 80 minutes but failed in their attempt.
swaraj was declared dead at 10:50 pm.
swaraj was appointed the foreign minister in the first term of modi government in 2014.
she opted out of the 2019 lok sabha elections citing health reasons.
swaraj, who is on a visit here, made the remarks during a programme, titled 'contribution of hindi in india-china friendship', organised by the india embassy.
when two friends sit together, what do they want?
they want to talk their hearts out to each other, share what they feel.
and for that we need a language.
if there is an interpreter sitting between two friends, he may be able to translate the words but not the feelings with which i say something.
so, it is essential that we learn a language, and understand it, she said, a day after it was announced that prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping would hold an informal summit from april 27 to 28.
i want to say that the way india and china's relation are strengthening, trade is increasing, we are working together on international forums, it has become increasingly important that you learn hindi and we learn chinese.
and this, your love for hindi.
.
.
you may not be aware that two foreign ministers can't strengthen the relations between indian and china as much as these students learning hindi can.
you (students) all are doing great service (to the two countries), she said.
the minister stressed that hindi films are gaining popularity in china, but said an understanding of the language instead of subtitles could improve their experiences of watching such films.
noting that during the programme, a chinese student learning hindi had expressed that her dream was to visit india, swaraj instructed the ambassador to make arrangements for a visit of such students to indiai want to tell her, that your dream would come true right here, right now.
i am telling our ambassador here to send a delegation of 25 hindi students from here on india visit.
we will entertain you there and gift you indian traditional clothes - saree for girls and kurta pyjama for boys.
i entrust our ambassador here with the responsibility of sending a delegation of students learning hindi here, she said.
new delhi: the moment nda benches were waiting for in finance minister piyush goyals interim budget came just past 12.
30 pm on friday, almost an hour and a half into his speech.
as goyal announced the proposal for full tax rebate to individual taxpayers with annual income up to rs 5 lakh, and to raise standard deduction for salaried persons from rs 40,000 to rs 50,000, lok sabha erupted in loud cheers with treasury benches thumping tables and lustily chanting modi, modi.
in the eyes of the ruling party, the modi government had just dealt a winning hand and prime minister narendra modi , usually a dispassionate onlooker, joined the cheering, beaming and thumping his desk.
he later walked up to goyal and gave him a few hearty pats on the back.
the josh was high all around and bjps man of the moment, goyal, who took charge as finance minister less than two weeks ago, received congratulations from cabinet colleagues nitin gadkari and sushmaswaraj swaraj and bjp veteran lk advani.
the fms speech, delivered in a combination of hindi and english, sought to build a populist bridge across the partys urban and rural constituencies with the poor a new addition to traditional bases.
while parts of the budget aimed at farmers and unorganised sector workers were delivered in hindi, announcements on salaried middle class, real estate sector, the state of macro economy and relief for entertainment industry was in english.
it was a day of considerable publicity for the vicky kaushal-starrer uri, mentioned by goyal in his speech, even though bjp might be the one riding on the films success.
there were protests and shouts from the opposition, but seemed to lack intent.
for most part, congress chief rahul gandhi and those near him seemed somewhat dispirited.
as the finance minister held forth on welfare measures for workers and farmers and income tax amendments some like trinamool mp kalyan banerjee tried to raise a racket.
congress held up posters that read hows the jobs?
, attempting to corner the government on a recent nsso report that alleged unemployment rates had breached a 45-year high.
congress mp rajeev satav walked to the treasury benches and put prints of recent news reports on the jobs report on goyals and pms desks.
banerjee said parliament had been reduced to a cinema hall with pm modi as hero and goyal as the villain.
cpm mps also demanded that the government furnish copies of the economic survey.
this story is from december 3, 2018pakistanqureshiqureshiqureshipakistan,pakistanqureshipakistanqureshiqureshipakistanqureshipakistanmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
islamabad:foreign minister shah mahmoodon sunday defended his controversial googlycomments, which drew sharp criticism from india, saying that linking his remarks to sikh sentiments was misleading.
on thursday,had said prime minister imran khan bowled a googly to ensure indian government's presence at the groundbreaking ceremony of the landmark kartarpur corridor.
a googly is a leg-spinner's prize weapon, which is almost undetectable.
noted that it was the same indian government that had said it will not engage withsent two ministers to the groundbreaking ceremony.
khan on wednesday laid the foundation stone for the kartarpur corridor linking two revered gurdwaras on both sides of the border in kartarpur.
union ministers from india, harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri, along with congress leader navjot singh sidhu, attended the event inpunjab province's narowal area.
's remarks drew strong criticism from external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who came down heavily on her pakistani counterpart saying his comments exposed him and thathas no respect for sikh sentiments.
took to twitter on sunday to respond to the criticisms.
dragging my comment towards 'sikh sentiments' is a deliberate attempt to misrepresent & mislead.
what i said was strictly with ref to bilateral interaction with the indian govt, he tweeted.
we have deep respect for sikh sentiments and no amount of distortions or controversies would change it, he said.
also said the kartarpur corridor was opened to fulfil the desires of the sikh community.
in deference to the long-standing desires of our sikh brethren, we decided to open the kartarpur corridor.
we have taken this historic initiative in good faith and will carry it forward in good faith, he tweeted.
this shows that you have no respect for sikh sentiments.
you only play 'googlies'.
let me explain to you that we were not trapped by your 'googlies'.
our two sikh ministers went to kartarpur sahib to offer prayers in the holy gurudwara, she said.
union minister harsimrat kaur badal also took exception to's remarks and warnedthat it should not use the kartarpur corridor issue and religion to fulfil its evil designs of vitiating the peaceful atmosphere in india and particularly in punjab.
she said the issue was a matter of faith and there is no scope for one-upmanship and petty politics on it.
going to sri kartarpur sahib was a matter of faith for me.
indulging in one-upmanship on this sacred issue is uncalled for.
no one was bowled over by any 'googly'.
pm modi and ministers have only respected sentiments of sikhs by authoring and participating in this noble initiative, she said on friday.
if you think you will be able to fulfil your evil designs by misusing our religion, you are mistaken.
.
.
do not use religion to fulfil your evil intentions, she said.
guwahati: the centre has confirmed that the siang river has turned black and muddy beyond the mcmahon line, the imaginary boundary between india and china, from where the river flows as yarlong tsangpo.
however, the cause behind the change in colour of the river water is yet to be ascertained.
union minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju, a native of arunachal pradesh, on friday tweeted, govt of india has been continuously tracking &assessing the siang (brahmaputra) river flowing pattern from day one.
the concerns of the people are genuine.
the cause of water becoming muddy & black beyond mcmahon line is being ascertained.
reacting to people burning his effigy in assam, rijiju, in another tweet, said, why are some people burning my effigy in assam?
brahmaputra (siang) is a sacred river for us.
we will inform & make an official statement only after getting accurate information from across the border.
a central government source said the pmo is monitoring the situation and fresh samples of siangs water and soil from its river bed and banks have been sent to central water commissions advanced laboratory in new delhi for testing toxic content.
tests are also being carried out to find the presence of bacteria that consume all the dissolved oxygen, leaving nothing for aquatic life to survive, following reports of deaths of a large number of fish.
the condition of siangs water is black and muddy and there seems to be no let up.
locally, the high turbidity has been ascertained but we dont want to take any chances.
so, further tests for toxic content are being done in new delhi.
these tests take time.
tests for biochemical oxygen demand (bod) are also being done.
the amount of dissolved oxygen is vital for aquatic life.
bod levels can go down if there is presence of bacteria that consume dissolved oxygen and make it difficult for fish and other aquatic organisms to survive, the source added.
the effects of siang have spread to the brahmaputra in assam.
the siang, along with other tributaries, combine to form the brahmaputra in assam.
chief minister sarbananda sonowal said, our lab tests have found the presence of virus and bacteria in the brahmaputra.
we have taken up the matter with government of india and it has contacted china on this issue.
last week, global times, quoting an environmentalist, denied chinese hand in polluting the siang saying that the river and arunachal were part of chinese territory and china could not pollute its own river.
the source said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj is expected to take up the issue diplomatically with wang yi, her chinese counterpart, when she meets her in new delhi on the sidelines of the 15thrussia, india and china (ric) foreign ministers meeting on december 11.
this story is from december 19, 2018union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs bunglow at c-7, civil lines, professors colony, has been allot.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: former chief minister shivraj singh chouhan , who changed his social media status to common man after the election, now has a new home address after vacating the cms official bungalow at shyamla hills.
chouhan will now stay at 7 civil lines in the posh professor's colony, and not house number 8, 74 bungalows, as planned earlier.
chouhan is, in fact, moving into what was the residence of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
its also believed that chouhan will contest the vidisha lok sabha seat, where sushmaswaraj is the sitting mp sushmaswaraj had said on november 20 that she will not contest the 2019 lok sabha polls because of ill health.
chouhan, who had an unbeaten five terms as vidisha mp before being made cm in 2003, is tipped to contest the seat that bjp has not lost since 1989.
principal secretary, home, malay shrivastava confirmed that the 7 civil lines bungalow has been allotted to chouhan.
a notice issued by the home department on monday (dec 17) says chouhan, mla from budhni, has been allotted the house for three years for a rent rs 3,000 per month.
earlier, chouhan had chosen house 8 at the plush 74 bungalows area.
some time ago, kirar samaj  whose national president is chouhans wife sadhna singh  was given this house to conduct its activities.
last, week, chouhans family members checked out the bungalow, intending to shift there after the oath ceremony of the new chief minister, say sources.
but they preferred the civil lines bungalow after learning that sushmaswaraj swaraj was vacating it.
congress, which has been looking for a chance to get even after party stalwart digvijaya singh wasnt realloted his bungalow in april this year, has raised objections to the expensive renovation of the 74 bungalows house.
its well known that the government house number 8 at 74 bungalows cannot be allotted to any samaj.
still, it was used for kirar samaj functions since sadhna singh is national president of the samaj.
lakhs of rupees were spent on its renovation, which should be recovered from chouhan, said congress state legal cell in-charge j p dhanopia.
toi tried to contact former cm shivraj singh chouhan on the matter, but there was no response.
chikkamagaluru: samaradhane, the ritual on the 13th day after a person's death, is believed to help the deceased attain 'moksha' (salvation).
as part of the ritual, the family of the deceased prepares a non-vegetarian feast ( baadoota ) for their relatives and friends.
however, this family in chikkamagaluru 's ajjampura , which is mourning the death of dr sushmaswaraj , a gynaecologist, cannot organise any such feast.
the family has been forced to restrict 'baadoota' to family members as the model code of conduct is in force.
as per the model code of conduct, serving 'baadoota' to a large gathering of people is considered an offence irrespective of the nature of the event.
dr sushma's 13th day ceremony is on april 25, wednesday.
her father c sidramappa, a retired officer in the state transport department, had printed cards to invite villagers, relatives and well-wishers in large numbers.
however, officers deputed by the election commission to monitor the implementation of the code of conduct in the district directed him to invite only family members and close relatives.
they warned him against inviting politicians, especially those contesting the election, for the ritual.
speaking to toi, sidramappa's brother venkatesh ajjampura said: officers informed the family that serving baadoota for a large number of people is an offence under the code of conduct and asked us to ensure that only relatives attend the event.
teen saal, bemisaal, an intelligently crafted headline in the economic times said recently.
i think it has indeed been an amazing run for the country since this government took over the reigns in delhi this time in 2014.
even the worst critics of prime minister narendra modis rule would accept his stellar performance in the arena of political communication.
his deft use of social media has no parallels among all his peers in global politics.
donald trump could have been a challenger for the great job he did leveraging twitter vis-a-vis hillary clinton.
but after his accession to the office of president, trump has posted thoughtless tweets that are turning into political liability.
no such thing with modi.
each day, his ability to navigate the discourse increases by leaps and bounds.
the number of followers of his personal twitter account stands at 30 million.
another verified account @narendramodi_in adds another 1.
1 million to his echo chamber.
plus @pmoindia account has 18 million.
thats an unmatched 49.
1 million by way of verified accounts only.
add fan handles and central ministers, party officials and government accounts to this and we are talking of over 75 million follows on twitter alone.
a friend of mine, who was honoured to be published on the pms app, called it the most valuable piece of media acreage in the world.
the app is a tool that modi employs to live stream his meetings, replug positive stories in the mainstream media.
here, his mann ki baat is snarly embedded.
there is a buzzing social media corner for citizens (called bhaktas by jealous critics!
), and followers get a signed digital greeting on their birthdays  many take screenshots and flaunt them on their facebook!
in comparison, trumps personal handle and the white house add up to a total of 45 million followers.
no mean achievement, but no patch on consummate usage by modi and the official indian contingent.
this for a country where the intelligence bureau had a firm directive that no public official will be on social platforms.
if my memory serves me right, the then foreign secretary, nirupama rao, had to defy the ib ban only to tweet and help indians stranded in various situations across the world.
today, this technique is sop.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj regularly issues orders to assist nris in distress.
the same goes for facebook.
modi has aligned his political communication of twitter and the namo app with a thoughtful page aimed at the 1.
9 billion folks on fb.
smart content on the narendra modi facebook page has an unassailable following of 41 million.
the official pmo facebook has another 13.
4 million.
this power has an exponential multiplier when the political message passes through modis twitter and the namo app.
a recent forbes piece puts modi and other indian leaders as the most effective users of social media on the planet i agree.
they, ably led by modis stirring example, tweet with a purpose.
and they say it better than many others at the top of the game.
new delhi: india and myanmar held the 17th round of foreign office consultations to review bilateral ties with focus on defence and security ties.
the two countries discussed the situation in the rakhine state and the return of displaced rohingyas as myanmar's army and civilian leadership, according to an afp report, friday held a rare national security meeting to discuss an internal investigation into the rohingya crisis.
while the indian side was led by foreign secretary vijay gokhale, myanmar was represented by u myint thu, permanent secretary, myanmar ministry of foreign affairs.
during the discussions, the two sides reviewed the complete range of bilateral relations, including high level visits, security and defence related issues, boundary matters and border management, trade and commerce, development cooperation, connectivity, cultural and consular matters.
they also exchanged views on sub-regional, regional and global issues of mutual interest, said the government in a statement.
during his stay in india, the myanmar permanent secretary will also visit places of historical and cultural significance in the capital, it added.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had last month paid a two-day visit to myanmar, during which she met the country's president u win myint and, state counsellor and minister for foreign affairs daw aung san suu kyi during her visit, boundary and border related issues, peace and security matters, developments in the rakhine state, including return of displaced rohingyas, india's development assistance to myanmar, ongoing projects, and other issues of mutual interest were discussed.
the afp report said that the meeting -- only the third of its kind since aung san suu kyi's government took power in 2016 -- followed a deal to allow the un to enter rakhine to assess when refugees may be able to return.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
beijing/new delhi: china on wednesday tried to dilute the impact of the gains achieved by foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during the day-long meeting of russia , india, china (ric) organisation in the chinese town of wuzhen.
emerging from the meeting, chinese state councillor and foreign minister wang yi said it was especially important to eradicate the breeding grounds of terrorism and extremism.
later, though, he said pakistan had always been opposed to terrorism.
the ric joint communique, while condemning terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, didn't mention the pulwama attack.
china had raised objections to the naming of jem in the unsc condemnation of the attack before finally falling in line with the other members.
this was seen as a gain for india, which has been trying to persuade the world that pakistani soil is home to terrorists that are bred and trained for carrying out attacks on indian cities.
swaraj also expressed satisfaction over wang's statement during a joint press conference.
as far as joint strategy is concerned, you just heard foreign minister wang yi's speech.
what he said during his concluding statement he reiterated here.
and he said that we would cooperate on eradicating the breeding grounds of terrorism, she said.
but the advantage seemed to have been partly lost afterwards as wang yi took pakistan's side on the issue of terrorism.
china, russia and india have reaffirmed our strong opposition to terrorism in its various forms and manifestations.
at the same time, we believe that pakistan has always been opposed to terrorism, wang said at a joint press conference where swaraj was present.
the chinese foreign ministry had refused to take sides and say anything in support of pakistan after the air strikes on tuesday.
but wang deviated from tuesday's stance and rose in defence of china's close ally, pakistan.
jaisalmer: the much awaited post office passport service centre by post department and ministry of external affairs was inaugurated in barmer.
barmer-jaisalmer mp sonaram choudhary inaugurated the centres main post office at barmer in presence of revenue minister amraram choudhary, director of post services krishna kumar.
harshita (9) applied for the first passport, she was given a receipt.
sonaram said that the centre has given a historical gift to people of barmer and now people can get their passports here itself and need not go to far off places like jodhpur or jaisalmer.
it will benefit the youth and people in general and will save time and resources.
he expressed his gratitude to prime minister narendra modi , external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and said that the post department is playing an important role in connecting general public with all the public welfare schemes.
krishna kumar yadav , director of postal services of rajasthans western area of jodhpur who was also present on this occasion said this centre was to start in 17 post offices in rajasthan and barmer is the 12th one.
he said after online application, the applicant will be provided services of finger print, photo and document verification at post officer passport service centre.
the passport will be sent to applicant on the address given by him through speed post.
the revenue minister said it is a good initiative to start this centre at barmer post office and people will get an opportunity to go abroad for employment easily.
post office superintendent kan singh rajpurohit gave the welcome speech and assistant regional passport officer jaipur bl meena gave vote of thanks.
this story is from december 7, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bhopal: even before the results of assembly polls could be declared, bjp has already started preparing for 2019 lok sabha elections.
with five months left for the ls polls, the saffron party has started chalking strategy amid speculations that a large number of sitting mps will lose their ticket after the partys feedback report.
the state bjp leadership has already formed committees of 10 members to begin with the task of social media management, voters connect programme, rural and urban outreach and beneficiary contact drive.
the party has also asked prominent leaders to organise 10-km foot march after december 15 to reach out to every family before the crucial polls.
we have already begun the process of voters outreach programme and formed committees of members who will be assigned various tasks.
party seniors ramlal and vinay sahasrabuddhe had visited three divisions each during their last tour to the state.
lok sabha elections are very important for us, bjp national vice-president prabhat jha told toi.
according to sources, bjp president amit shah has asked all chief ministers to hold regular meetings with beneficiaries across their state from mandal to district-level to publicise the centres schemes.
it has also been instructed that meetings must be held to invite beneficiaries of centre and state government schemes and publicise the work undertaken by the nda government.
by january 26, beginning with kamal jyoti maha abhiyan (mega campaign), the party would launch 10 major campaigns across the country of which some will be executed by the centre, while some of the campaigns will be planned by state units.
workers will also review voters list, organise group rallies, hold felicitation programmes for local talents, take out motorbike rallies, foot-march and enhance communication with the voters, said a senior bjp state functionary.
with a target of winning all 29 seats in the state, the party is trying to strengthen its base in regions like chambal and bundelkhand.
to achieve the goal, the party has hinted at fielding ideal candidates who could succeed on the winnability criteria.
in madhya pradesh, the bjp will field new candidates in several constituencies where the sitting mps were in fray during assembly elections.
the party is also searching for new names to replace sushmaswaraj swaraj (vidisha), uma bharati (jhansi), nagendra singh (khajuraho), manohar untwal (dewas-shajapur) and laxminarayan yadav (sagar) who have either refused to contest elections or fighting assembly polls.
special emphasis will be given to congress bastions which include chhindwara, guna-shivpuri and jhabua-ratlam.
the party has decided to deploy dedicated teams to monitor and manage elections in these areas where congress stalwarts kamal nath, jyotiraditya scindia and kantilal bhuria have won during previous elections, sources said.
new delhi: v k singh, junior foreign minister, who left for iraq on sunday, will bring back remains of only 38 indian workers killed by the islamic state.
the remains of the 39th worker are still being identified by matching dna and that is still work in progress, officials said.
i am going to mosul to get the mortal remains of 38 indians, we will not get one man's remains as his case is still pending, singh told news agencies.
the last man, raju yadav from bihar, has not yet been conclusively identified even though his family member's dna sample was taken almost a fortnight ago.
singh said he would hand over the remains with identifying documents to the families, to eliminate doubts.
after about four years, the remains are only identifiable through dna matching.
the minister is expected to bring back the remains by late monday, following which he will travel to amritsar, kolkata and patna to hand them over to their respective families.
on march 20, swaraj informed rajya sabha that 39 indian nationals, who went missing in mosul in 2014, were killed by the is.
there were 40 of them, but one escaped by pretending he was bangladeshi.
the others were killed.
the government had refused to declare them dead until it had proof.
after july 2017, when mosul was liberated from the is, the search was intensified, and ultimately, the remains were traced to a mound near the iraqi town of badoush.
most of the dead are from punjab, the others from bihar and west bengal.
the minister left around 1 pm from hindon airbase and is expected to return with the remains on monday, an official said.
singh has taken a c-17 transport aircraft to bring the coffins back.
families of some of these victims had met swaraj on march 26.
the government came under a lot of criticism for not informing the families of the deaths before parliament, but the government's defence was that since parliament was in session, that was the logical forum for disclosure.
patna: at least five of the 39 indians killed in iraq were from bihar two of them, santosh and bidya were from sahsraon village in siwan district, sources said.
they had gone to iraq in 2011 to work.
my brother and bidya worked at a construction firm in iraq.
he was loved by everyone in the village.
we last spoke over phone on june 12, 2014, santoshs brother pappu singh told toi on tuesday, adding that families were yet to receive communication from the foreign ministry.
santosh is survived by his parents, a brother and a sister.
i met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 11 times.
she always told us the indians were taken hostage and being made to work forcefully, pappu said.
bidyas uncle puroshottam tiwari is inconsolable.
since 2014, i had been pleading with the government to bring him back and today they say he is no more, he said.
bidya is survived by his wife, two children and mother.
new delhi: international womens day brought all political parties together for a brief while in parliament on thursday to pledge support for gender equality and womens safety, with many also seeking early passage of the women's reservation bill to provide 33  reservation for women in lok sabha and all state legislative assemblies.
however, no business could be transacted for the fourth straight day due to the continuing protests over the pnb scam, a special package for andhra pradesh and constitution of cauvery water management board from parties like congress, trinamool, tdp, dmk and aiadmk, among others, leading to adjourned of both the houses.
lok sabha plunged into turmoil as soon as speaker sumitra mahajan finished speaking on the need to ensure womens empowerment, but there was an hour-long discussion in rajya sabha in which members voiced concern over growing incidents of crimes against women while suggesting several steps, ranging from appointing the countrys first woman cabinet secretary to exempting sanitary napkins from gst.
cutting across party lines in rajya sabha, members also strongly urged lok sabha to pass the women's quota bill at the earliest.
while noting that rajya sabha had done its duty by passing the bill to amend the constitution to reserve 33  of seats in lok sabha and state assemblies for women way back in 2010, chairman m venkaiah naidu said the government should take forward the unfinished agenda of women empowerment in all walks of life.
the bill alone will not suffice, naidu said, adding that it would have to be followed by political will and then administrative skill to finally go for the kill of the evil practices against women in the country.
he also agreed to a suggestion by some mps to have a woman member in the deputy chairmans panel for the upper house.
although women have excelled in many fields and entered areas so far dominated by men, but they still continued to face injustice, which is shameful.
there should be a nationwide movement to break the prevailing mindsets against women, she said.
sanjay singh of aap said, everyone should promise that the restrictions imposed on women by men will be abolished.
on valentine's day, girls and boys should not be beaten.
in the name of anti-romeo squad, they are beaten in up.
businesswoman anu aga said, i find it strange that we celebrate women's day.
i am not in favour of this tokenism.
i request all men to stop throwing crumbs at us provide women with opportunities and treat them with respect throughout the year.
though all members put their political affiliations aside to speak in a single voice on women's causes, a few did take swipes at the nda government.
derek o'brien of trinamool, in the context of the pnb scam, said, earlier, people used to say, 'behind every successful man, there is a woman'.
but now, the saying has become 'behind every successful man, there is a nationalised bank.
i must take the name of periyar and lenin who stood for empowerment of women, said d raja of cpi, in the backdrop of their statues being vandalised in different parts of the country in recent days.
mapusa: friends, well-wishers, political leaders and local residents poured in large numbers at the siolim football ground on sunday evening, at a meeting called in support of ryan de souza , 25, of siolim, who has been sentenced by a dubai court to 500 years of imprisonment in a fraud case.
at the meeting, it was decided to collect all documents, including a copy of the sentence, and make a case before the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the prime ministers office, and seek help through all possible means, including approaching the ruler of dubai, to seek ryans release.
speakers at the meeting said that ryan was known to be a disciplined professional footballer, and is innocent in the case.
ryans mother, who is a teacher by profession, said that she is heartbroken after hearing the judgment.
ryan was just an employee.
he is not the boss, neither partner nor assistant in the business.
my boy is innocent and obedient, nothing was in his hands at the company.
the boss gave the orders.
he has nothing to do with any documents signed by the boss, she said.
during this week, i, with the help of my leader, vijai sardesai, will go to delhi and meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the prime ministers office along with additional solicitor general atmaram nadkarni and will see how legally ryans case can be put up for his release, wrd minister and siolim mla vinod palyekar said.
opposition leader chandrakant kavlekar, tivim mla nilkant halarnkar and former union law minister ramakant khalap were also present and offered to help.
this story is from january 18, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bengaluru: more than a month after a 30-year-old bengaluru entrepreneur went missing in muscat, his mother is heading to the oman capital as the authorities have failed to trace him.
deepak rp, a resident of sanjeevininagar in vijayanagar, ran a commodity supply business and worked with a hypermarket in muscat.
his mother manjula v, who knocked the doors of several authorities here in a bid to trace her son, said she is awaiting visiting visa to leave for the arab nation.
manjula said deepak used to contact her every day.
he called her last at 11am on december 10, after which his phone was switched off and even his friends did not know about his whereabouts.
deepak has been living in muscat for seven years and worked with mass international hypermarket.
recently, he and his friend francis opened a new firm supplying commodities.
on december 17, manjula approached the city police commissioner.
she also reached out to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the indian embassy in muscat.
manjula also contacted the authorities of his company, but their response was not adequate, she said.
francis and his mother visited us and told us that they are also searching for deepak.
police in muscat also said the search is on, but there has been no breakthrough, she said.
deepak visited bengaluru in august and left for muscat in november.
we were searching for a bride but he refused to get married, saying he wants to first build his own house in bengaluru, she said.
manjula, who lost her husband years ago and takes care of her physically challenged daughter, said deepak was their familys breadwinner.
the police commissioner has also written to the ministry of external affairs to expedite the process.
rekha t, member secretary, nri forum of karnataka , said they have contacted the embassy, ministry of external affairs and kannada associations in muscat.
were in touch with the authorities to trace deepak, she added.
most pakistanis think that kulbhushan jadhav is our man in pakistan.
some pakistanis think that nawaz sharif is our man in pakistan.
but what about pakistans new boss, army chief qamar bajwa?
six months into his tenure, the previous army chief raheel sharif was stomping all over nawaz and issuing threats left, right, and centre to india.
six months into his tenure, bajwa has been much quieter.
has nawaz finally got it right, elevating a subservient general to be his boss, or will this be the fourth time that he botches up in his choice of army chief?
jadhav has been handed instant justice by a secret pakistani military court.
that means that bajwa doesnt want to be seen as a dove on india.
jadhav has two appeals: one directly to bajwa, the second to the countrys president, which of course means to bajwa all over again.
if bajwa commutes jadhavs death sentence in the direct appeal, he will signal that he wants to live with india.
but if he does not, indias current hallucinations will only grow.
the normally unflappable foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has made jadhavs commutation a matter of prestige for india.
normally, when an alleged spy is caught, countries dont raise the ante as much as india is doing.
jadhavs story is a bit circuitous, the only straight line being that he is a former indian navy officer.
the rest, that the guy was roaming around the deserts of iran conducting business, where he was picked up by the pakistanis sounds far-fetched.
pakistan and iran do not enjoy the best of relations, with the shiite persians blaming the sunni pakistanis for supporting a sunni allegedly-terrorist group, jundallah to carry out mischief in iran.
it therefore is not as if pakistani troops can just cross the border into iran and pick up someone from deep inside there.
that there has been a mysterious tit-for-tat abduction of a retired pakistani colonel in nepal suggests that india means business.
spies, or alleged spies if you must, have always been exchanged since time immemorial.
spying will never go away  it competes with gambling for the title of the worlds second-oldest profession, right behind you-know-what.
bajwa may decide to let his nominal president take the decision.
bajwas ascension to pakistans top slot was mired in controversy.
bajwas father was reportedly ahmadiof the ahmadiyya community, officially declared non-muslim in pakistan and so too another one of his close relatives.
both sunni and shia clerics protested the choice, but the clamor died down once nawaz elevated the punjabi bajwa.
i mean, when was it last that nawaz did not like something punjabi.
he chose the muhajir musharraf and barely lived to tell the tale.
bajwas predecessor, raheel, was macho man incorporated.
the saudis asked him for troops for their war in yemen.
he thumbed his nose at them.
the saudis were not amused.
as he was retiring, they bought him out with over a million dollars to lead their phony sunni army.
it was an offer that raheel couldnt refuse, but one that also put bajwa in a quandary.
if raheel were to move to riyadh, could pakistani troops be far behind.
so bajwa kept his counsel, indicating his displeasure.
the saudis put pressure.
bajwa gave in.
all of pakistan is waiting for bajwa to take flight, but he seems to have let nawaz emerge bright and unscathed after three years of hibernation under raheel.
pakistanis are wondering whether their real ruler is the right ruler.
so perhaps bajwa will deny jadhavs plea for clemency.
to prove that he is tough on india.
if his president approves jadhavs petition, then bajwa will look merciless and merciful at the same time.
merciless because: hey guys, the bloody civilians, not me, let the indian agent off.
merciful because nobody would be living in a fools paradise about who actually took the decision.
india would be delirious.
if the president denies jhadav, all hell will break loose.
so, sure, jhadav is our man in pakistan, and according to some pakistanis, nawaz is, but will bajwa become even a wee little bit our man there?
on that hinges the future of much bigger issues  kashmir, afghanistan, pakistans purported support of jihad in india, indias purported support of separatism in pakistan.
this story is from february 16, 2019nitin rathoredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
nagpur: nitin rathore stands by a snow-clad road with a series of sky blue crpf buses in the background.
perhaps it was the last picture of happy-go-lucky rathore from chorpangra village of buldhana district.
the picture, that was shared by the soldiers family living in buldhana on tois request, was clicked by him just before beginning the fateful journey on friday.
the buses in the background were of the same convoy which was targeted by suicide bomber killing over 40.
rathore loved the sights and scenes of kashmir and used to keep sending the pictures, said his kin.
it was the same convoy which was ambushed.
rathore, who always liked to capture the beauty of kashmir valley, may have found just one more opportunity to have another selfie, said his colleague gaurav lahane.
he had sent the picture to his wife on a social media platform, said another friend.
lahane was attending the phone calls on rathores wifes mobile after the incident.
lahane, who lives in the neighbouring village had come home on leave a week ago, and rathore had left to join his unit before a couple of days.
we were in the same unit.
rathore leaves behind wife, vandana, two children  prachi and piyush, who are eight and 10 years old, apart from aged parents.
there is one more person from the village in the crpf, he said, adding his relatives are in a state of shock and would not talk.
rathore was among the two from vidarbha who were killed in pulwama blast.
the 36-year-old rathore had put in 15 years of service and lahane was his junior.
the other crpf personnel who was killed in the attack sanjay rajput, 45, was also from buldhana district.
a native of malkapur town of the district, his wife and children stayed at the quarters in crpfs group centre in nagpur.
its quarter number 219, you ask anyone, said the guard without asking much questions after having a glance at this reporters identity card.
less than 500 metres away inside a lane flanked by three-storeyed residential blocks with peeling paint, rajputs house could be easily identified by the crowd of visitors.
dont go upstairs, you can talk to his brother here itself, politely said a female crpf constable seated outside the apartment, as neighbours thronged at the third floor house where rajputs wife and children stay.
rajput was posted to jammu & kashmir (j&k) just a week ago.
he had left nagpur on february 12.
a few hours before the blast, he had called up wife sushmaswaraj to inquire about his 10-year-old son jays health.
the child had caught fever when rajput had left home to resume the new charge at srinagar he was posted at 213 regiment at nagpur, but had got the orders to join the 115 battalion in j&k.
after putting in 20 years of service, he had reached the rank of havaldar, said his brother-in-law rahul gahalwar.
a little ahead, rajputs brother rajesh, who works in a state government agency at buldhana, was preparing for the familys travel to buldhana.
the womenfolk were planning to leave before the body arrived by air on saturday morning.
he had finished 20 years of service, which is a pensionable tenure, but he chose to continue, said the brother.
this story is from january 4, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: married in jalandhar four years back, deeksha lived with her husband for barely 25 days but she has been caught in an ugly legal battle ever since to bring back her nri husband based in australia.
the case is on but her husband remains free from the clutches of law.
delhi-based aparna has a similar story to recount.
after getting married in 2005, she says her husband left for australia in 2008.
my daughter does not even recognise her father and he does not want to see her, aparna sobbed.
she and many abandoned wives of nri husbands came together at a meet in delhi to demand urgent amendments to existing laws and the need for trans-national linkages to bring back absconding husbands.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj was reported to have said in november that the government was planning to bring a bill to step up action against absconding nri husbands.
so, far nothing has happened, said smita kudaisya, an abandoned wife herself and one of the petitioners in the pil that was filed in november in supreme court.
incidentally, in response to a series of written questions on the same issue in the rajya sabha on thursday, the ministry of external affairs said that between january 2016 and november 2018, the mea (including indian missions abroad) have addressed 4,189 complaints of distressed indian women deserted by their nri spouses a large number of nri matrimonial disputes and fraud cases remain pending on account of non-appearance of the perpetrator jeopardising the future of the women and children.
the national commission for womens nri cell and the integrated nodal agency has been taking up complaints to expedite issuance of lookout circulars and impounding of passports.
however, ncw chief rekha sharma has been firm of the view that stronger legal measures are required to bring back these husbands.
this story is from november 23, 2018picture for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citynoida: the noida authority has decided to shift its data storage to a cloud server.
it has floated a tender for the selection of a service provider for implementation of the design and it infrastructure for the project.
officials said all data related to industrial, residential, group housing, finance, land records, health, planning, etc.
will be shifted onto the cloud server (also known as virtual server).
residents will also have limited access to the system to view their respective details.
the authority will buy around 16 tb data and the contract with the service provider will be for an initial period of two years, officials said.
the last date for application for the tender is december 4.
sushma, systems manager of noida authority, told toi on thursday the cloud system will make the data safe.
we have already digitalized data which will be sent onto the cloud server.
it will be proof from damage and can be accessed any time, she said.
the cloud system will also have flexibility to quickly scale up/down the capacities as per the workload requirements, officials said.
moreover, residents will also have limited access to the system to view their respective details.
citizen services like facilities to apply for residential and industrial plots, tender information, payment of water or power bills, layout approval, etc.
are already online, another official said.
anuj agarwal, a security expert and chairman of centre for research on cyber crime and cyber law, said that the authority should also increase it infrastructure on campus for proper use of cloud system.
the authority should also choose an indigenous firm for cloud system that offers services at affordable price.
this is also important because in case of a dispute between the service seeker and the service provider, the issue will be dealt as per indian law, he said.
the authority also aims to set up a customer portal to resolve residents issue and complaints pertaining to its services online.
nagpur: looking at her gentle smile and sparkle in the eyes, it is hard to gauge what bhakti ghatol, a bachelor of arts (ba) student from lad college, has gone through to achieve success.
the visually impaired student, who stood first among disabled and was overall 9th topper in ba course, won four medals, including three gold and one silver, at the 105th convocation of nagpur university on saturday.
accompanied by her parents sushmaswaraj and dhananjay ghatol, bhakti thanked her teachers soma banerjee and avinash khare as well as writer aditi patwardhan, a ba student of hislop college.
her mother is a housewife while father is officer with national insurance company.
her elder sister lives in pune.
bhakti has battled three cancers.
an eye cancer hit her when she was just six-month-old.
though she was cured, the cancer reoccurred when she was 5-year-old and took her eyesight.
she was diagnosed with cancer of nose soon after her ba final exam in 2017.
the third time i was prepared for any eventuality and didnt get hassled.
i fought and won.
now, i want to be a counsellor, she said.
bhakti, who has also been state topper in ssc and hsc among disabled students, started her schooling from std i at mount carmel school but couldnt focus on studies due to failing health.
she couldnt attend school for two years but made a fresh beginning from class iii though that time she had lost her eyesight.
bhakti would used text-to-speech software to prepare for exams and complete assignments.
bhakti will now be pursuing ma psychology from tata institute of social sciences (tiss), one of the best institutes in the country.
she would join the mumbai-based institute in june.
till then, i will have to improve my health, so i am learning yoga and following a strict diet.
i am also learning chess.
i like to read dan browne and psychology books, she said.
this story is from december 20, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: mumbai man hamid ansari, repatriated by pakistan after spending six years in prison, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her about his plight while in custody in pakistan.
a nsari was accompanied by his mother fauzia who told swaraj, mera bharat mahaan, meri madam mahaan.
meri madam ne he kiya hai sab kuch (india is great.
my madam is great.
my madam did everything).
ansari became emotional while talking about difficulties he faced in pakistan.
pak repatriates another indian: pakistan on wednesday repatriated 20-year-old satno, who had a few weeks ago inadvertently entered the country, from attari border.
bareilly: a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed the deaths of 39 indians who had been abducted in iraq in 2014, the uttar pradesh government on wednesday released a one minute and 52 second-long film on legal and safe migration.
the letter, issued by additional chief secretary (cs) alok sinha , has instructed district authorities across the state to screen the film in cinema halls and run it on local cable networks.
senior officials said that a considerable number of people in the state, particularly unskilled labourers, migrate to the gulf countries for employment opportunities through illegal channels.
new delhi: the afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani told the new indian ambassador to afghanistan vinay kumar that the government would leave no stone unturned to protect and free the indian engineers abducted by the taliban on sunday.
the afghan foreign ministry said in a statement, foreign minister rabbani expressed grief and sorrow over the abduction of indian engineers in baghlan province and said that the afghan security forces will not spare any efforts to protect the physical safety and secure the release of these engineers.
he also mentioned that efforts have been initiated through the community elders to help secure their release.
vinay kumar replaced manpreet vohra as indias ambassador to afghanistan recently.
rabbani also held a conversation with foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on sunday evening to assure her that the afghan government would take all steps to ensure that the engineers are freed soon.
rabbani in the conversation assured the indian external affairs minister that the afghan security forces would not spare any efforts in rescuing and ensuring the security and safety of the engineers.
afghan news reports say the authorities in afghanistan are working with tribal leaders after the abduction was announced on sunday.
some reports said the engineers were abducted in error, with taliban militants mistaking them for indian government officials.
but now that it has become an international incident, the taliban are playing a different tune.
in india, the mea went silent given the sensitive nature of the issue.
the pajhwok afghan news quoted provincial police spokesman zabiullah shuja as saying that the abductees were in good health, citing initial information.
     : where women are honoured - there divinity blossoms indian women mini https://t.
co/nwdmdfnbyw  piyush goyal (@piyushgoyal) 1524620623000new delhi: two of the country's union cabinet ministers recently featured in two striking photographs.
they are striking, because the ministers were the only women amid a sea of men, who were their counterparts from a host of countries.
the ministers in question, sushmaswaraj swaraj , minister of external affairs and nirmala sitharaman , minister of defence.
many on social media are commenting positively about the two photographs and even minister of railways piyush goyal couldn't help but comment on them.
where women are honoured - there divinity blossoms', said goyal in a tweet today that featured both photographs.
indian women ministers shine at all male sco foreign & defense ministers meeting!
tweeted goyal further.
the photograph of swaraj with her male counterparts was from the recent shanghai cooperation organisation foreign ministers' meeting in beijing.
the picture of sitharaman with her male counterparts is from the recent defence ministers meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation.
the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) is an international alliance that consists of eight member states and three observers from eurasia.
it was established on april 26, 1996, as the shanghai five.
of the eight member states and three observers, the sco currently also has three dialogue partners and three guest attendance entries.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the cabinet committee on security met in the national capital on tuesday morning at the residence of prime minister narendra modi after the indian air force carried out air strikes in pakistan.
finance minister arun jaitley , external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, home minister rajnath singh and defence minister nirmala sitharaman were present at the meeting.
national security advisor ajit doval and other top officials of the prime minister's office and the security apparatus were present at the meeting, official sources said.
india is believed to have carried out air strikes inside pakistan early tuesday and targeted terror camps, sources said.
the strikes involving several fighter jets of the indian air force successfully destroyed camps belonging to pakistan-based terror outfits in balakot in khyber pakhtunkhwa province, the sources said.
sushma swaraj leaves for sa on 5-day visit; to attend brics, ibsa external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj left on a five-day visit to south africa where she will meet top leadership of the country and attend meetings of brics and ibsa -- the two major groupings where india has been playing a key role.
on her way to south africa during transit halt in mauritius, eam @sushmaswaraj was warmly received by foreign minis https://t.
co/raohjlfifg  raveesh kumar (@meaindia) 1527954053000new delhi: in a major scare on saturday evening, an indian air force aircraft 'meghdoot' flying external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj from trivandrum to mauritius, on her way to south africa, went incommunicado for 14 minutes.
the scare happened when mauritian air traffic control and the crew of the embraer 135 legacy flying swaraj  which was cruising safely  could not establish contact with each other for some time after the plane entered the island nation's air space.
mauritius then declared incerfa alarm, which in aviation parlance means an uncertainty phase wherein it is not known if the aircraft and its occupants are safe.
soon after the story was first reported by toi website, the aai put out a press release confirming that mauritius had indeed activated incerfa or the first stage of emergency which lasted from 4.
44pm to 4.
58pm.
swaraj was accompanied by senior mea officials including secretary (economic relations) ts tirumurti.
aai said the plane took off from trivandrum, where it had stopped for refuelling, at 2.
08 pm for mauritius.
aircraft changed over from indian airspace to male atc which then established contact with the aircraft at 4.
44 pm ist.
however, ifc 31 could not contact mauritius atc after entering mauritius airspace.
mauritius atc then activated incerfa (the uncertainty phase).
later at 4.
58pm ist, ifc 31 came in contact with mauritius atc and landed.
mauritius atc activated incerfa (uncertainty phase) without allowing the stipulated time period of 30 minutes to lapse from the time when aircraft last contacted atc.
this was perhaps done because the flight was carrying a vip, said the aai in its statement.
over oceanic airspace, air traffic control (atc) globally waits for 30 minutes to sound incerfa for a plane if it does not contact it on entering its airspace of flight information region.
in this case, the mauritius authorities pressed the alarm button 14 minutes after the flight ifc-31 entered its airspace and contact could not be established with the plane, said a senior official of airports authority india (aai), the parent organisation for atc here.
the pilots of the embraer, for which the alarm was sounded at 4.
44pm, contacted mauritius atc at 4.
58pm, after which everyone heaved a sigh of relief.
the embraer does not have a long range and sushmaswaraj , who is flying it from india to south africa to attend brics and india-brazil-south africa (ibsa) ministerial meetings, had to take three refuelling or technical stops  delhi-trivandrum-mauritius-south africa.
a senior atc official said communication over oceanic area is often problematic due to erratic vhf communication.
sometimes pilots are unable or forget to contact the mauritius area.
that oceanic area has no radar coverage and everything depends on vhf/hf communication.
such places where vhf coverage is not good are known as dark zones, said the official.
the 14-minute long uncertainty phase (incerfa) is first of the three emergency phases under international civil aviation organisation's chicago convention.
the second is alert phase (alerfa) in which apprehension exists as to the safety of an aircraft and its occupants.
the third is distress phase (detresfa) wherein there is a reasonable certainty that an aircraft and its occupants are threatened by grave and imminent danger and require immediate assistance.
luckily, the 14-minute-long scare involving swaraj's vvip plane ended with the first stage itself.
air traffic services (ats) or the responsible rescue coordination centre (rcc), as appropriate, will make the emergency phase declaration within the time frame specified for the trigger event.
as an example, loss of radio contact with an aircraft under ats control could result in declaration of the uncertainty phase within 10 minutes, the alert phase within 20 minutes and the distress phase within 30 minutes of the event whereas loss of radio contact with an aircraft not under ats control might not trigger the uncertainty phase declaration until 30 minutes had lapsed with phase upgrade occurring at 30 minute intervals, said aviation website skybrary.
swaraj used the brief stopover in mauritius to meet pm pravin jugnauth.
the external affairs ministry had said in a series of tweets on saturday evening: on her way to south africa during transit halt in mauritius, eam @sushmaswaraj was warmly received by foreign minister of mauritius, seetanah lutchmeenaraidoo connecting with our maritime neighbour!
eam @sushmaswaraj called on the prime minister of mauritius pravind kumar jugnauth.
enhancing our bilateral relationship was the focus of the meeting.
after these meetings, swaraj left for south africa.
on june 6, she will visit the phoenix settlement where mahatma gandhi had developed his philosophy of non-violence.
on june 7, she and 300 other dignitaries will undertake a symbolic train ride from pentrich station to pietermaritzburg station to commemorate mahatma gandhi's eviction from the train on that day in 1893.
this story is from january 8, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: india and russia started off the year with a high-level conversation between pm narendra modi and russian president putin where the two leaders focused on defence and counter-terrorism.
the conversation was significant in the context of evolving security situation in afghanistan.
india and japan also started off the year with the first strategic dialogue between japanese foreign minister taro kono and sushmaswaraj swaraj.
following up on the last summit between modi and shinzo abe, the dialogue, according to the mea spokesperson, focused on regional connectivity, economic partnership, new and digital technologies, healthcare, renewable energy, defence cooperation and maritime security.
later taro kono called on pm modi.
the pm said india looks forward to the next round of annual summit with japan, later this year, said a government spokesperson.
india has also started off the year with the governments biggest geopolitical talk-shop, the fourth raisina dialogue, which it holds together with observer research foundation.
announcing the dialogue, which is now a global competitor to the shangri-la dialogue in singapore, the mea spokesperson said it was the governments flagship annual geopolitical and geostrategic conference featuring 600 delegates from 93 countries.
with a focus on europe and eurasia, the dialogue will be inaugurated by erna solberg, pm of norway.
the mea said, this year, the theme of the dialogue is a world reorder: new geometries; fluid partnerships, uncertain outcomes.
the discussions will seek to address issues arising from global transitions and changes to the world order.
former canadian pm stephen harper is also visiting india and will be meeting modi.
meanwhile, marisa payne, australias foreign minister is also here and slated to meet sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman along with speaking at raisina dialogue.
this story is from november 2, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citypatna: a multi-party 11-member delegation of bihar unit of the commonwealth parliamentary association (cpa), which is on a six-day tour to mauritius since october 28 under the leadership of bihar assembly speaker vijay kumar choudhary , called on mauritius president paramasivum pillay vyapoory at his state house on wednesday.
during discussion, choudhary conveyed to vyapoory that a representative delegation from india and from bihar, had come to mauritius.
both sides reiterated the importance of further strengthening cultural and people-to-people level exchanges.
they underscored the immense potential of strengthening the existing bonds between the people of mauritius and the places where they trace their roots.
the delegation later visited the mahatma gandhi institute (mgi) at moka in mauritius.
mgi chairperson jaynarain meetoo received and welcomed the delegation.
the mgi is an apex institution imparting indian culture through education to students at secondary and tertiary levels.
the chairperson went on to explain how the mgi over the years has become synonymous with the promotion of indian culture in mauritius.
the delegation also visited the panini language lab which was recently donated by india for the promotion of hindi.
the lab was inaugurated by indias external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj during the 11th world hindi conference in august this year.
a demonstration was given to the members of the delegation as to how hindi is taught using modern techniques to students of secondary and tertiary levels.
the delegation was also taken to archives maintained by the mgi of ship registers containing the details of the indentured workers who arrived from india in ships and reached mauritius after undertaking a dangerous journey of several weeks.
from the mgi, the delegation went to the world hindi secretariat, which is a bilateral body between government of india and government of mauritius, for promotion and propagation of hindi abroad.
deputy cm sushil kumar modi, legislative council chairperson haroon rashid, former bihar speaker and congress neta sadanand singh, states parliamentary affairs minister and jd(u) leader shrawan kumar, water resources minister rajiv ranjan singh alias lalan singh, former minister and senior rjd neta abdul bari siddiqui, rjd lawmakers ramanuj prasad and ms prema choudhary are other members of the delegation.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and afghanistan defence minister tariq shah bahrami discussed on friday the recent initiatives of the afghanistan government for internal reconciliation and also efforts to combat terrorism, which they said received support from safe havens and sanctuaries beyond afghanistan.
according to a statement issued by mea, swaraj conveyed indias support for the efforts of the government and the people of afghanistan for building a peaceful, secure, stable, united, inclusive and prosperous nation.
india, it said, remained committed to its new development partnership according to the priorities of afghanistan.
the afghan defence minister is visiting india for the defexpo.
the defence minister appreciated the positive support extended by india in afghanistan, it added.
pune: manika batra , indias top-ranked table tennis player, who is in the city to play the opening leg of a table tennis league at balewadi sports complex, took out some time on wednesday to mentor a few youngsters, including some from the fringes of the society.
batra, who won four medals in the 2018 commonwealth games , displayed her skill by playing a few amazing shots with lighting speed as a crop of budding paddlers struggled to keep pace with her.
nevertheless, they were too happy to have played against her.
wow that was really good.
playing against someone like batra and at that speed was quite an experience, one of the city-based players quipped, before going off to her table for another rally of backhand shots.
among the players who got to hone their skills were nine underprivileged children.
although they were too shy to play in front of the assembled journalists, they tried to hone their shots nonetheless.
these underprivileged children were first discovered by a non-governmental organisation and a number of city sportspeople.
these kids used to live in squalid condition.
some of them came from broken families with a history of violence and crime.
they were abandoned in garbage dumps and even begged on the streets.
many of them had no homes to stay.
so, sarthak, an ngo, selected a few children to help them rebuild their lives and earn a livelihood through sports.
ten of them are involved in the table tennis programme and live near the practice venue.
they also have a tutor to help them with their academics.
theres a professional coach to help with the game.
we do not depend on volunteers as they often do not consider working with underprivileged children a priority, said sanmay paranjape, a professional table tennis player, who partially funds the project.
it has only been a few months since her sterling performance at the commonwealth games in gold coast, australia but batra has no time to rest on her laurels.
she is gearing up for the ultimate table tennis, a team-based table tennis league starting on thursday and the asian games starting in august in indonesia.
there has been praise from all quarters, and more importantly, table tennis is getting quite a bit of attention now.
whenever i go out, people recognise me.
and i think that is good, batra said on the sidelines of her practice and mentoring at an auditorium at sadashiv peth.
she is aware of the expectations from her and the tough tournament that lies ahead.
the asian games will be a very tough tournament and there are great players involved.
but this league has given me a lot of experience, and i have interacted with many players who are highly ranked.
i am also training a lot with my coach, and i hope this will give me confidence to play well, she said.
batra has come to the city with her team as well as her mother sushmaswaraj and her personal coach sandeep gupta, who has been mentoring her since her school days.
a few table tennis players from the city are also training with her.
new delhi: congress veteran p chidambaram accused the centre of targeting him for his criticism of the modi administration, and rubbished the reasons cited by the government for the cbi raids against his son.
the government, using the cbi and other agencies, is targeting my son and his friends.
the government's aim is to silence my voice and stop me from writing, as it has tried to do in the cases of leaders of opposition parties, journalists, columnists, ngos and civil society organisations, chidambaram said in a statement, adding that state action would not deter him from voicing his opinion.
the former finance minister said every foreign investment promotion board (fipb) approval during his tenure was consistent with law.
fipb approval is granted in hundreds of cases.
the five secretaries who constitute the fipb, the officials of the fipb secretariat and the competent authority in each case are public officials.
there is no allegation against any of them.
there is no allegation against me.
every case was processed according to law and approval was granted or refused in accordance with the recommendations of the fipb consisting of five secretaries to the government of india, chidambaram said.
congress separately accused the centre of ignoring scams involving senior bjp members.
revenge is in the dna of this bjp government.
we want to reiterate that neither chidambaram nor any congress or opposition leader would be cowed down by fear of vendetta, aicc spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
he said pm narendra modi should delineate his yardstick of morality, asking why he had not ordered probes into corporate diaries that had listed him as a beneficiary of bribes or into the rs 20,000 crore loss suffered by state exchequer in the gujarat state petroleum corporation scam during his tenure as cm.
congress asked why the pm had not taken action against mp cm shivraj chouhan for the vyapam scam , and against rajasthan cm vasundhara raje and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping lalit modi escape the law.
in the second qualifier of the 2018 indian premier league, twice in the match, it seemed that rajasthan royals would run away with the game.
both times, it was one man who spoiled their party.
afghan sensation rashid khan first belted 34 runs off 10 balls and then returned to take three wickets to lead hyderabad into the finals  almost single-handedly.
the performance prompted many to label it the best all-round performance in ipl history and caused others to start a twitter campaign demanding indian citizenship for the 19-year-old.
apna rashid khan de do, hamara kamaal rashid khan le lo, tweeted one user.
even external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj directed rashid to the home ministry for citizenship matters in a now-deleted tongue-in-cheek tweet.
the furore prompted afghanistan president ashraf ghani to clarify their hero was not up for grabs.
.
.
.
rashid reminds us whats best about afg.
he remains an asset to the cricketing world.
no we are not giving him away, ghani wrote on twitter, tagging prime minister narendra modi rashid cementing himself as one of the most popular faces in ipl this season has marked a shift in where the most popular foreign players in the league come from.
in earlier seasons, the most-talked-about foreign players in the ipl were often names from south africa, australia, and the west indies.
you had your ab de villiers, chris gayle and shane watson.
now, you have a rashid khan.
it is to rashids credit that in a league with the likes of sunil narine, kane williamson and dwayne bravo , he has emerged as the poster boy of foreign names in the league.
and he isnt alone.
this years foreign participation in the ipl has a very subcontinental feel to it.
following rashids footsteps are two 17-year-old spinners  compatriot mujeeb ur rahman, and nepals spin sensation sandeep lamichhane .
and its not just the pundits and former greats who are lauding them, it is the internet that has taken a particular fancy to these young neighbourhood ipl imports.
rashid did not just have fans campaigning for him to get an indian citizenship.
even celebrities were tweeting paeans to him.
sachin tendulkar called him the best spinner in the world, while superstar mahesh babu asked him to take a bow for his heroics.
on social media, rashid was the face of ipl, the toast of the town.
but he wasnt the only young cricketer world leaders were talking about.
sandeep lamichhane, 17, also found a new legion of fans through his performances.
as the first nepalese cricketer to play in the ipl, he had already earned a mention from prime minister narendra modi during his visit to kathmandu last month.
connecting through cricket.
.
.
more power to people-to-people ties between india and nepal, the official pmo india account tweeted while referring to an excerpt from the speech where modi mentioned lamichhane.
the young spinner also had the backing of former australia captain michael clarke , who calls him little champion.
just how popular both rashid and sandeep are can be gauged by the fact that the two bowlers were to play for a world xi side against west indies, alongside names like shahid afridi, eoin morgan and dinesh karthik on may 31.
rashids compatriot mujeeb ur rahman also earned hefty praise for his performances for kings xi punjab in the league.
the youngest player ever to play in the ipl  17-year-old mujeeb set twitter on fire after dismissing virat kohli in a league game against bangalore and even had team owner priety zinta pose with him and his man-of-the-match trophy.
even before the ipl, many former cricketers had hailed the youngster as the next superstar.
same was the case for bangladeshi fast bowler mustafizur rahman , who might just be the most high-profile of these names.
the 22-year-old has been a regular for bangladesh since 2015 and had already registered some match-winning performances in the ipl over the last two seasons.
it was no wonder then that he was being seen as one of the players to watch out for in this season.
injury meant that fizz could not justify those expectations but even he had his brief moments in the sun  such as earning praise from rohit sharma for dismissing t20 veteran andre russell.
while the superstars from south africa, australia and the west indies will continue to headline the worlds richest t20 league in the seasons to come, it is heartening to see that young talent from nations hitherto considered foreign lands for cricket are now providing the formats new superstars.
their on-field performance is now also translating into much-needed off-the-field recognition.
guwahati: the state government is expecting bangladesh to send back a hindu girl from karimganj, who had entered the neighbouring country illegally after she eloped with a muslim boy from dhaka .
the girl converted to islam and the two have got married.
the 21-year-old girl, mousumi das, who is now fatima zannat , went missing from her home on march 12 and her parents filed a kidnapping case with karimganj police.
on march 27, a video on whatsapp went viral in karimganj which showed the girl sitting inside a dhaka police station.
another video showed her confessing that she has not been kidnapped but that she had eloped with her lover, numan badsha , whom she met at a trade fair in karimganj.
clad in a burkha, she is seen in the video saying she has converted to islam and is living happily with her new family at dhaka.
a government source said, we are in touch with the bangladesh embassy and expect that bangladesh will take note of her illegal entry into the country.
we are expecting law to take its own course.
karimganj district superintendent of police gaurav upadhya told toi, she has deposed before the first secretary of the indian embassy at dhaka that she has willingly entered bangladesh through agartala and has converted to islam and is now married to numan badsha.
though the case has been registered with us as a kidnapping case, it now appears that she has eloped and she is not a minor.
from our side the case is pretty much over.
it is now for bangladesh authorities to deal with her as per the laws of their land because she has entered the country illegally.
if that happens, bangladesh will have to hand her over to indian authorities and then we may have to step in again, the sp said.
however, bjp legislator siladitya deb smells a designed move in the case of mousumi and he plans to move external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj soon on this.
i will be requesting the minister not to provide long term visas to bangladeshi muslims.
these people come to india disguised as businessmen and then elope with our hindu girls to bangladesh, convert them and get married.
this has to be stopped.
numan had come on a business visa to participate at a trade expo at karimganj, where he met mousumi before they fell in love.
this story is from february 15, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the cabinet committee on security met on friday morning to discuss the security scenario in jammu and kashmir in the wake of the pulwama terror attack.
prime minister narendra modi is chairing the meeting.
home minister rajnath singh , union minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj were also present at the meeting.
top security officials are learnt to have made a presentation on the incident and the overall security situation in the state.
beijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will visit china later this week to participate in the foreign ministers meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) during which she will also hold talks with her chinese counterpart wang yi.
swaraj, who will be arriving in china on april 21, is expected to meet wang on april 22.
she is scheduled to take part in the sco foreign ministers meeting on april 24, official sources here said.
this will be their first meeting after wang has been elevated last month to be the state councillor, which makes him the top diplomat in the chinese hierarchy.
he will hold the dual posts of the state councillor and foreign minister.
after her china visit, she will travel to magnolia.
swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman are visiting china virtually around the same time.
sitharaman is due to take part in the sco defence ministers meeting on april 24.
the sco meetings are a prelude to the june summit of the eight-member grouping in which india and pakistan have become new members.
prime minister narendra modi is expected to take part in the sco summit to be held in the chinese city of qingdao in june.
foreign and defence ministers of pakistan are also expected to attend the april 24 meetings.
the sco is comprised of china, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, russia, tajikistan, uzbekistan, india and pakistan.
visits by swaraj and sitharaman are taking place as india and china have stepped up high-level exchanges to defuse tensions following last year's dokalam standoff.
on april 13, national security advisor ajit doval met yang jiechi, director of china's foreign affairs commission and member of the ruling communist party of china, in shanghai during which the two sides held in-depth talks on improving the relations.
both sides also held the 11th joint economic group meeting and the fifth strategic economic dialogue (sed).
india and china also held working mechanism meeting on border affairs and cross border rivers.
commenting on the meetings, chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying told the media here yesterday that bilateral ties have seen sound momentum and all round cooperation this year.
new delhi: the centre plans to turn the next ardh kumbh in allahabad, slated to be held in january 2019, into a big tourism event to attract visitors from abroad and has sanctioned rs 1,200 crore to the uttar pradesh government for hosting the mega event.
the up government, which will host the event at the confluence ganga and yamuna rivers in allahabad, will be getting rs 1200 crore from the centre, state health minister and mla from allahabad west constituency, siddharth nath singh, said on thursday.
while the yogi adityanath government in up was in talks with niti aayog on the issue, the finance ministry had in december 2017 turned down the proposal to extend central funds for ardh-kumbh that takes place six years after the purna kumbh held every 12 years on the grounds states have been getting more funds following higher devolution of funds since the 14th finance commissions recommendations were implemented.
but the centre has finally agreed on it, singh said.
with the idea of showcasing kumbh to the world as the largest such congregation of saints and ascetics, the modi government also plans to host envoys and visiting dignitaries from different countries at the venue, with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj accompanying them.
there are also plans to take delegates of pravasi bharatiya divas, to be held at pms constituency of varanasi, to the kumbh mela the up government is planning to have at least 1000 swiss cottages at arail, where foreign tourists can stay during their visit.
washington: the trump administration supports india's emergence as a leading global power and as a key partner in the indo-pacific region, a top us official said today.
speaking to pti, state department spokesperson heather nauert said the ties between the us and india had never been stronger or better.
she was responding to questions on the status of india-us relationship amidst recent trade disputes between the two countries and new delhi being caught in crossfire of american sanctions against russia and iran.
us president donald trump has signed a law, 'the countering america's adversaries through sanctions act', caatsa, imposing sanctions on russia, iran and north korea.
the section 231 of the caatsa mandates secondary sanctions on those who conduct significant transactions with the russian defence and intelligence sectors.
the us-india partnership is rooted in shared democratic values and a commitment to a rules-based order, nauert said.
we support india's emergence as a leading global power and as a key partner in our efforts to ensure that the indo-pacific is a region of peace, stability, and growing prosperity, she said.
according to a second state department spokesperson, who spoke on condition of anonymity, secretary of state mike pompeo and defence secretary jim mattis were looking forward to hosting their counterparts for the first 'india-us 2+2 dialogue' this year in washington.
dates of the dialogue are yet to be announced.
it was initially scheduled for mid-april, but was postponed after trump fired rex tillerson as the secretary of state.
the indian delegation would be led by the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and the defense minister nirmala sitharaman.
this engagement will support our efforts to increase diplomatic, security, and military cooperation with india to confront our most pressing global challenges, from afghanistan and north korea to the threat of terrorism, the second state department spokesperson told pti.
we are also focused on strengthening our economic ties, including increasing two-way trade, which has more than doubled over the last decade to roughly $115 billion in 2016, the official said.
the official said the trump administration was trying to ensure that bilateral trade was fair and reciprocal and that us companies have a level playing field in india.
the strong people-to-people ties between the our countries and our common values are a tremendous source of strength for our partnership, the spokesperson said, a day after bjp general secretary ram madhav held series of talks with senior officials of the trump administration.
prominent among them were, brian hook, director of policy planning at the state department, lisa curtis, who heads the south asia in the national security council of the white house and alice wells, senior state department official in its south and central asia bureau.
later, madhav had told a gathering of indian-americans here that the india-us relationship was scaling new heights as strategic partners under prime minister narendra modi.
indore: the matrimonial advertisement posted on facebook for geeta has attracted a flood of responses from across the country, with match seekers asking about her food preferences, religion and even nationality.
during the day, we received as many as 12 video calls from several states.
the maximum were from odisha , followed by rajasthan, madhya pradesh, uttar pradesh and uttaranchal.
the candidates showed their interest to marry geeta, sign language expert gyanendra purohit said.
purohit, who helped geeta as interpreter in india when she was in pakistan, had posted the advertisement on his facebook account on thursday, seeking smart, deaf boy above 25 years of age for indias daughter geeta.
he received a flurry of queries: what if geeta has to return to pakistan; whats her religion; and is she non-vegetarian as she spent around 14-years in pakistan?
geeta had informed me that she is a hindu by religion and her food preference is vegetarian.
so i posted these answer to their queries, purohit said.
three candidates have already sent their biodata, he added.
these have been forwarded to the ministry of external affairs since minister sushmaswaraj swaraj will take the decision regarding the pakistan-returned girls marriage and, of course, geeta has the final say, said purohit.
overwhelming response to adpurohit said, geeta will be shown the biodata after consent is received from the authorities.
he is thrilled at the overwhelming response to the ad.
we have also circulated the ad on whatsapp groups of deaf-and-mute users as it is a means of getting faster results purohit said, adding that the ultimate aim is to find geetas biological parents.
the last few years of search for geetas parents have proved futile.
sushma ji once told me that geeta wants to marry and a search for her parents can be continued after the wedding, purohit said.
dhaser (handia): for 23-year-old anubhav singh, who belongs to allahabad and bagged the all-india eight rank in this years civil services examination, it was a childhood memory which motivated him to choose a career in public service.
a native of of dhaser village of thana saraimamrej in handia tehsil, anubhav was just four when he saw a poor peasant lalmani in his village die after catching a cold.
i was shocked to see someone die just because of common cold and there was no medical aid which could havebeen provided to him at that time, said anubhav, who cleared the civil services examination for the second time in a row.
he first cleared the uttar pradesh public services commission uppsc ) examination in 2016, when he was selected for indian revenue services ( irs ).
however, he decided to give it another shot as he was dissatisfied with his rank.
anubhavs father dhananjay singh is a farmer and his mother sushmaswaraj is clerk in a private school and he gives the credit for his success to his parents.
a meritorious student, anubhav scored 73  in class x and 85  in class xii.
after passing class xii, anubhav got into indian institute of technology-roorkee.
he said, till class xii, i was not proficient in english.
it was only during my engineering that i worked on my english speaking skills.
anubhav said that people often think that only aspirants who have studied in urban areas or convent schools can clear the civil services examination.
actually, the exam is only for those who are ready to work hard.
talking about the craze among students to appear for civil services, the former iitian said, there should not be a mad rush to become an ias officer.
every student should first assess himself for herself and then decide if its their domain or not.
he said aspirants should not believe anything that coaching institute offering guidnace for uppsc examination say.
one should not just go with hearsay but choose their options judiciously, said anubhav, who did not join any coaching for his preparation.
he said in future he wants to work towards ensuring that children in villages have more opportunities.
new delhi: former foreign minister of maldives, dunya maumoon, on thursday lashed out against india for failing to be a big power in its own neighbourhood, and not doing enough to secure the release of her father from prison.
in a tweet directed at foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, dunya said, i believe india is failing in its responsibility to maintain stability & assist democracy in the maldives.
i appeal to india to assist my father president maumoon abdul gayoom , the father of modern maldives & the architect of india-maldives relations in the modern era.
the indian government has been a helpless spectator, as he island nations president, abdulla yameen , has given enough hints that he is in rush to restore democracy in maldives.
in fact, yameen extended his emergency in defiance of indias exhortations to desist.
the entire emergency was, according to security officials here, intended to clear the path for yameen to be re-elected from a field of one in september when the country goes to the polls.
abdul gayoom, is also the half-brother of yameen, and has been thrown into prison by the president for allegedly plotting a coup against him in february.
dunya has stepped up her campaign to free her father.
dunyas father abdul maumoon and brother mp faris maumoon are both in prison.
hyderabad: singer adnan sami, who went to kuwait for a performance, has complained against kuwaiti immigration authorities for calling his staff 'indian dogs'.
the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj promptly took note of adnan sami 's complaint and tweeted to him to call her and speak to her on phone.
please speak to me on phone, she tweeted.
thank you so much for your concern my dear.
sushma swaraj is a lady full of heart and she is in touch with me and is looking after our people i'm so proud that she is our foreign minister & looks after us all over the world, (sic) he said later.
adnan sami was in kuwait for a concert organised by the indian cultural society.
because of the unsavoury incident at the airport, adnan sami had tweeted to sushmaswaraj swaraj also complaining about the indian embassy in kuwait that it did not respond to his pleas for help.
we came to your city with love and our indian brethren embraced us with it.
you gave no support.
kuwaiti airport immigration mistreated my staff for no reason and called them 'indian dogs'!
when you were contacted you did nothing!
!
how dare d kuwaitis behave like this with arrogance?
!
(sic) adnan sami tweeted complaining about the indian embassy in kuwait.
union minister of state for home kiran rijiju who also reacted to adnan sami's complaint said: sorry to learn that.
our most dynamic external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraji has acknowledged your matter.
pls speak to her now.
(sic)adnan sami then spoke to minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and gave her the details thanking her for 'ever so prompt reply'.
this is the ugly truth with which the local airport kuwaiti people treated.
my indian brothers and i will never tolerate that, adnan sami said in one of the responses he gave to people to express his unhappiness that for being treated badly in kuwait.
now, he is pressing to be seen as a practising hindu.
he as per the convenience of the polls pressing hard to becomes shivbhakt, janaudhari brahmin, shev or shakt hindu, said swaraj, who was in a jaipur on a day-long tripthe attack was in response to gandhis remark o pm modi stating that what kind of hindu is he.
it is a pure gimmick, said the minister who stood on the finance minister arun jaitleys plan that congress 10 years of rule had an average of 6.
7  growth.
bjps first three years had an average growth rate of 7.
3  and in the present year it has jumped to 7.
6 .
india has become the fastest growing economy in the world under the leadership pf pm modi.
bathinda: four aggrieved families from punjabs malwa region have pinned their hopes on intervention by the punjab and haryana high court to free from pakistan jails their relatives  the soldiers who were either declared martyrs or had gone missing during the 1971war.
fed up of approaching various authorities, including a number of external affairs ministers, the four families have moved the punjab and haryana high court, urging the indian government to take up the matter with pakistan and ensure release of the 1971 prisoners of war.
the matter will be taken up by the high court on january 21.
the petition has been moved by the families of havaldar dharam pal singh of lehra dhurkot village in bathinda, bombay sappers sepoy jugraj singh of jeeda village also in bathinda, bsf constable surjit singh of tehna village in faridkot, and havaldar vir singh of khaila khurd village in mansa.
dharam pal was posted near east pakistan border and was captured by the pakistan army in 1971.
the indian government and army treated considered him a martyr as he was missing from december 5, 1971.
the then prime minister indira gandhi had written a personal letter to dharam pal singhs wife pal kaur to condole the demise of her husband.
presuming him to be martyred, dharam pals family built his statue outside their village on the bathinda-barnala highway.
however, a chance meeting with a man who had been imprisoned and then released from a jail in pakistan gave them hope that dharam pal singh was alive despite the governments stance.
pal kaur (79) and her son arshinder pal singh recall that former army official satish kumar of ferozepur, who also had been imprisoned in pakistan, met them in 2015 and told them that he had been lodged in kot lakhpat rai jail, or lahore central jail, along with dharam pal and he had stayed there from july 1974 till 1976.
banking on this information, we filed a petition in the punjab and haryana high court with a plea that the indian government should take up the matter with pakistan or approach the international court of justice to seek dharam pals release as a prisoner of war under the july 2, 1972 simla agreement signed between india and pakistan for the release of the prisoners of war, the mother-son duo said.
similarly, in case of surjit singh, a bsf constable posted in poonch sector of j&k at the time of the 1971 war, his family, including wife angrej kaur and son amrik singh, believes that he is still incarcerated in the lahore central jail.
surjits family has met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to press for his release, but to no avail.
amrik was only a few days old when my husband surjit singh was taken hostage by the pakistan rangers on december 4, 1971 from the poonch sector and was taken to pakistan as a prisoner of war.
after decades of wait, the family got to know surjit was lodged in kot lakhpat rai jail when ferozepur-based satish kumar, who was released by the pakistani authorities, apprised us in 2015 that he had met surjit singh in the pakistani jail.
lekhu ram of ganganagar in rajasthan, who was also released from a pak jail, had also told us that he had met surjit in jail in 2010, the 69-yearold angrej kaur said.
jugraj singh, a sepoy in 102 engineer regiment, bombay sappers, had gone missing on december 3, 1971when the war started.
jugrajs daughter paramjit kaur was barely a year old when he was declared a martyr.
the army authorities had informed the family that jugraj, then only 27 years old, was martyred on december 3, 1971while fighting with enemies.
lt col ms gosain had written to my mother gurmail kaur about his demise.
but, after decades, our hopes came alive when one manjit kaur of nearby village informed us that she had heard name of jugraj singh of village jeeda in the list of prisoners in pakistan while listening to radio in 2004, recalled paramjit kaur.
we met satish kumar of ferozepur, who had spent 12 years in pakistani jail, and when showed a photograph of jugraj singh, he confirmed having seen him in attock jail in pakistan in 1974-75.
on hearing the news, paramjit met bathinda mp harsimrat kaur badal and the then union minister of state for external affairs parneet kaur in december 2012.
paramjit, whose husband lakhbir singh had retired from army as subedar also contacted the bombay sappers, but they got no details.
havaldar vir singh of khurd khiala village in mansa was posted in the ferozepur sector was picked up by the pakistan army during the 1971 war.
vir singhs wife surjit kaur said, we had two-anda-half-year-old daughter and i was pregnant when the report of my husband having fallen into the enemy hands came in.
it was after a couple of months that i gave birth to our son.
she said now the family has kept its hopes pinned on the high court.
farmer balbir singh of karamgarh village in barnala feels that his father, sepoy lal singh who was posted with 6 sikh light infantry at kalidhar in j&k, too is languishing in a pakistan jail.
hyderabad: a resident of shamirpet, mohammad ahmed, has requested union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to rescue his wife nuzhat begum , who he said, is being tortured by her kafil (employer) in saudi arabia.
in a letter to the union minister, he said his wife was approached by two agents, mohd haji of secunderabad and fareed of tandur and offered a job in a saudi hospital, with a salary of 1200 saudi riyals.
she travelled to abha on august 6, 2017.
however, in abha, she was forced to work as a housemaid.
when she protested and refused to do household work, she was reportedly starved by the kafeel.
sher narrated her tale of woes to her husband via telephonic calls.
she is being denied proper food and accommodation and kafeel's wife is beating her badly, he said in the letter to the minister and urged her to instruct the indian embassy in riyadh to rescue her.
jaipur: a retired government employee mahavir singh (58) leaves his house at densely populated jaswant nagar in jhotwara early on his bike carrying a bunch of documents to government offices, public representatives and religious places from the past two months.
holding emotions, he talked about his 23 year old son vickramaditya singh who is untraceable in saudi arabia since october 19 2017 while submitting a list of documents in the order of events.
singh went to saudi arabia through an agent has not able to contact the family.
the last contact that he had with his father is a reason enough for him to give sleepless nights.
he told me that he is confined to a secluded place which was not his work place as told to him.
before disconnecting the call which he made from an unknown number told of being harassed by his supervisor, said mahavir.
his son went to saudi arabia through an agent mukesh singh who charged rs 2.
5 lakh for a promise of getting him a high paid job in the arab.
the agent was known to my son made a fake promise of a job.
we have filed a police complaint against the agent and ticketing agency in mumbai.
unfortunately i am aware that police action on the agent may not help trace my son but an intervention at government level is the only hope, said singh with a coarse voice.
the family has approached minister of state for youth affairs and sports and officials of external affairs ministry but in vain.
the family is disappointment with the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and minister of state for external affairs general vk singh were informed through formal channels and through social media but no result.
sushmaji has been actively handling twitter request from pakistan nationals seeking emergency visa is really appreciable but why our repeated pleas on twitter went unanswered, said mahavir.
the repeated replies from the indian embassy in saudi arabia is also causing panic to the family.
they have assured him of returning in a week time on two occasions.
new delhi: harish salve , who led indias charge against pakistan at icj, is arguably the most expensive lawyer in the country today.
but he charged a token fee of just re 1 to defend kulbhushan jadhav , foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted recently to a carping critic.
those who know salve well arent surprised though.
his client list includes the whos who of indias corporate world (the ambanis , the mittals et al), multinationals such as vodafone, as well as humbler folk.
salve had represented vodafone in the supreme court when the government sought to tax the deal between it and hutchison.
its a different matter that the sc verdict was nullified by the centre by way of the controversial retrospective amendment.
salve is known to pick up cases which may not be popular, but challenge him intellectually.
also, if salve is convinced of a persons innocence, he may fight his/her case for free.
salve has argued for arushis parents  the doctor couple accused of killing their daughter  and uphaar fire tragedy victims.
those who know the lawyer swear he is a workhorse.
salve, who maintains a punishing routine, travels around the world appearing in high profile arbitration matters, such as the one between the singh brothers and daichii.
salve is a favourite with the current dispensation though he was appointed by the supreme court as the amicus curiae in the gujarat riots cases, including that of bilkis bano.
the nda government had last reached out to him to appear for it in the apex court in the aadhaar case.
salve recently appeared in the court for uber, vociferously defending a compat order to the competition commission of india to probe charges of predatory pricing levelled by local operators, such as meru.
hearings in the whatsapp privacy policy case were deferred to july to enable him to argue the case of two law students against the companys alleged inroads into privacy  he insisted it was a fundamental right contrary to what the ag was arguing.
recently, salve had asked why the government was keen on taking india back to the medieval ages when the ag argued in sc that politicians should be free to say what they want irrespective of the consequences of their statements on the rights of others.
the ag was defending the right of up minister azam khan to dismiss the bulandshahr rape case as a mere figment of imagination.
new delhi: the centre is all set to put before the cabinet on friday the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017, to make the practice of instant triple talaq an offence.
according to the draft bill sent out to states earlier this month, it was proposed that triple talaq be made a cognisable and non-bailable offence that would attract a jail term of three years.
the draft law was prepared in the backdrop of the august 22 verdict of the supreme court striking down the practice of instant triple talaq as illegal.
the draft law was sent to states for their views on december 1and they were asked to reply by december 10.
the governments justification for the law stems from the fact that there have been reports of several divorces by way of talaq-e-bidat despite the sc verdict.
assam, jharkhand madhya pradesh , maharashtra, manipur, uttar pradesh and uttarakhand have written back to say that they support the draft legislation.
the draft law, which will be considered by the cabinet on friday, was prepared by an inter-ministerial group headed by home minister rajnath singh.
the other members include external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , finance minister arun jaitley, law minister ravi shankar prasad and his junior in the ministry p p chaudhary.
according to the proposed law, a victim of instant divorce can seek the custody of her minor children as well as maintenance from her husband by approaching a magistrate after registering a complaint with police.
under the law, triple talaq in any form  spoken, in writing or by electronic means such as email, sms or whatsapp  would be banned.
trafficking draft law toothe trafficking of persons (prevention, protection and rehabilitation) bill, 2017, in the works since last year, is slated to be tabled before the union cabinet for approval on friday.
the draft bill addresses prevention of trafficking, and rescue and rehabilitation of victims.
it makes way for stringent punishment.
this story is from december 16, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and french foreign minister jean-yves le drian exchange greetings afte.
.
.
read moremake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: indo-pacific and civil nuclear energy dominated discussions between french foreign minister jean-yves le drian and sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday.
le drian also called on pm modi, who conveyed his condolences to the families of the victims of the recent terrorist attack in france's strasbourg and said that india stands with the country in the fight against terrorism.
we had very fruitful talks.
we closely looked at all the aspects of our mutual ties.
le drian said the two leaders reviewed the status of the european pressurised reactor project in jaitapur , maharashtra, and adopted an action plan to provide guidance to the work in the coming months so as to advance as efficiently as possible towards the final decision for building this power plant.
six eprs account for a total capacity of almost 10gw, which is a significant contribution to india's aim of producing 40  of its electricity from non-fossil fuels by 2030, he said.
the jaitapur project, he said, would contribute to make in india as it involves transfer of production, technology, joint research and training.
last year, our bilateral trade was worth 9.
62 billion euro.
if we both have to reach the trade of 15 million euro by 2022, we both will have to work towards further strengthening our trade relations, she said.
le drian said, it is not by chance that france and india are celebrating the 20th anniversary of their strategic partnership this year.
it is because we attach the same importance to multilateralism, respect for the rule of law, the same ambition to usher in a just and sustainable world.
it is also because india knows that in france it has a partner that has never failed it and on which it can count in the future.
this holds true on the strategic front, notably with the strengthening of our exchanges on the indian ocean, which today are fast developing and our shared commitment to fighting terrorism, as we mark 10 years since the deadly mumbai attacks, the french foreign minister said.
by god's grace, indian embassy staff are safe in the massive #kabul blast.
sushma swaraj (@sushmaswaraj) may 31, 2017we strongly condemn the terrorist blast in kabul.
our thoughts are with the families of the deceased & prayers with the injured.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1496211275000india stands with afghanistan in fighting all types of terrorism.
forces supporting terrorism need to be defeated.
narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1496211302000kabul: a powerful blast on wednesay ripped through kabul's high-security diplomatic enclave killing scores of people and causing some damage to the indian embassy building but all staffers at the mission were safe.
the explosion was so powerful that it smashed windows of the buildings nearby and a huge plume of smoke could be seen spiralling over the area near the presidential palace and other foreign embassies in the afghan capital.
in new delhi, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that all indian embassy staffers were safe.
the indian envoy in kabul, manpreet vohra, said the bomb went off around 100 metres from the embassy.
we are all safe, all our staff, all our personnel are safe.
however, the blast was very large and nearby buildings including our own building have considerable damage in terms of broken glass and shattered windows and blown doors etc, he said.
official sources at the ministry of external affairs said the explosion caused some damage to the embassy building, but all employees were safe.
prime minister narendra modi, who is in spain as part of his visit to europe, condemned the attack.
he said india stands with afghanistan in fighting all forms of terrorism.
we strongly condemn the terrorist blast in kabul.
our thoughts are with the families of the deceased & prayers with the injured, he tweeted.
in another tweet, modi said, forces supporting terrorism need to be defeated.
the massive explosion close to the german embassy in kabul during the morning rush hour killed more than 80 people, news reports said.
it was not immediately clear what was the target.
photo: anian eyewitness told the local pajwok news agency that the blast took place close to the german embassy and foreign forces camp.
it cited another source as saying the explosion happened in front of the office of the national directorate of security (nds), afghanistan's primary intelligence agency.
houses hundreds of metres away from the blast site were damaged and windows and doors blown off their hinges.
bodies and injured people were seen in the area.
some women were seen screaming for the lost relatives at the site of explosion.
the attack came as the taliban steps up their annual spring offensive.
hyderabad: with the pakistan nightmare behind her, mohammedia begum who has returned to the city has said that she wants her indian citizenship back.
i am a hindustani, she told toi on her return from pakistan.
mohammedia begum's passport had expired and her pakistan husband mohammed younis, who tortured her, did not allow her to renew the passport.
she came to india on an emergency passport issued by the indian high commission in islamabad.
her mother hajara begum and father akbar said that mohammedia begum had become very weak and was hardly able to stand.
she has suffered a lot of trauma.
we request chief minister k chandrasekhar rao to provide her medical help.
it is difficult for us to see her like this, the parents said.
now, we have to get her aadhaar card done and also include her name in the ration card.
she is our daughter, they added.
the 45-year-old woman was away from the country for 21 years having got married to a man from oman in 1996.
he later revealed to her that he was a pakistani national and took her to that country.
with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 's help, she returned to the country.
since her passport had also expired, she was provided an emergency passport to travel to india.
it minsiter kt rama rao had also taken up her case with swaraj.
mohammedia begum said that she was also missing her five children back in pakistan.
she lived in oman for several years and then shifted to sialkot in pakistan as her husband took the family there.
mbt leader amjed ullah khan , who pursued her case for the last 13 months, thanked the state government and the centre for helping mohammedia begum.
what was impossible became possible because of this help and she returned to her country, he said.
chandigarh: the punjab assembly remembered punjabi youths killed in iraq during the obituary references on the first day of the budget session.
on a suggestion by the aam aadmi party (aap), tributes were also paid to 89 farmers who committed suicides in the state in recent months.
chief minister amarinder singh informed the house about the statement made by the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in parliament and requested the chair to include their names in the obituary list.
the house then paid its homage to the deceased victims as part of the obituary references.
others on the list included former ministers ajit singh kohar, sardool singh bandala, manjit singh calcutta, and ex-mp sardar bahadur singh.
seven freedom fighters, martyr naik amarseer singh, actor shashi kapoor, sufi singer pyare lal wadali, singer sabar koti, dronacharya awardee sukhchain singh cheema and prof rajpal singh on a suggestion by health minister brahm mohindra , tributes were also paid to leader of opposition sukhpal khairas mother, congress leader lal singhs wife, brother of punjab governor and mother of congress leader manish tewari.
aap mla nazar singh mansahia suggested that farmers who took the extreme step due to debts should also be included.
this story is from november 26, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityvidisha: the vidisha assembly constituency in madhya pradesh , some 50 kilometres away from bhopal, has witnessed some high-profile electoral battles with the incumbent chief minister shivraj singh chouhan being elected from here five terms for lok sabha and once for state assembly, besides several ministers of the state.
former pm late atal bihari vajpayee contested successfully from vidisha lok sabha seat in 1991.
the constituency is a bjp bastion and has elected bjp candidates in every assembly polls since 1998.
congress, is repeating its candidate, shashank bhargawa for the fourth time in a field that has 14 candidates.
but, like in the past it is a bipolar contest between the bjps mukesh tandon and bhargawa of congress.
tandon is chairman of vidisha municipality while bhargawa is a businessman-turned-politician.
despite losing last four elections, bhargawa has given tough fight to bjp candidates, including shivraj singh chouhan against whom he lost by about 17,000 votes in 2013.
the vidisha seat is again in focus, as bjp wants to continue its winning streak.
prime minister narendra modi and chief minister shivraj singh chouhan have addressed rallies in the constituency.
bhargawa, a trusted-aide of congress leader suresh pachouri, is holding his fort alone and no big leader have addressed rallies in his support in vidisha yet .
but congress leaders, including party president rahul gandhi has held an election rally in the nearby ganj basoda constituency.
congress is banking on his experience and hope wrest the seat after three decades because of anti-incumbency against the bjp, whereas, bjp believes that people of vidisha would never go with congress.
the congress candidate has announced to donate his salary as mla for the development of vidisha.
tandon points a lot has been done in vidisha, including building ring road, parks, auditorium and lot more would be done in leadership of shivraj singh chouhan and prime minister narendra modi.
the chief minister had contested and won from vidisha and budhni in the 2013 assembly elections.
bjp had forced chouhan to contest from two places, including vidisha because it did not want to lose its vote share ahead of the general elections held in 2014.
earlier, the seat was represented by expelled bjp leader raghavji.
after winning the seat, cm vacated vidisha necessitating a crucial by-election in 2014 and his trusted aide tandon was fielded and he won.
bhargav says bjp leaders has always bluffed people of vidisha and have just used them to win elections.
people of vidisha would teach a lesson to bjp this time, he added.
another contestant trying to create a buzz in vidisha assembly constituency this poll is aap contestant, anuma acharya.
there are no roads, culverts and sewer lines in vidisha.
i am contesting to address issues of people.
for the first time, voters of vidisha are getting option other than bjp and congress and they would definitely vote for me, a confident anuma added.
vidisha is considered as one of the safest seats of the bjp in country.
minister of external affairs, sushmaswaraj swaraj is mp from the seat for past two terms.
as far as the vidisha parliamentary seat is concerned it has always remained with the bjp except for 1977 when janata party candidate won and in 1980-84 and 1984-89 when congress pratap bhanu sharma had won.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday reiterated that there was no change in the status quo at the doklam 2017 faceoff site as she described as unprecedented pm narendra modi 's recent informal summit with chinese president xi jinping as far as the informal summit is concerned, this is a new dialogue mechanism.
it has never been adopted before anywhere in the world, said swaraj.
when i met foreign minister wang yi, i said that the two leaders (xi and modi) should not be held down to an agenda.
he agreed because they also did not want bilateral contentious issues to come in this summit, she added.
all three objectives have been met.
thats why we term it successful, she said, adding that the two leaders were now in a position to call up each other directly in case of any emergency.
people did not think that the issue could be resolved without a war but now the entire international community appreciates india for successfully handling the situation through diplomacy and dialogue, she said.
swaraj also denied that chinese authorities had prevented devotees from taking a dip in the mansarovar lake.
there is always a designated place where you can take a bath, you cannot take a dip anywhere in the river, she said.
this story is from december 21, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: even as pakistan continued to claim ownership of jinnah house in mumbai, the government declared on thursday that islamabad had no locus standi on the issue as the property belonged to india.
pakistan has no locus standi as far as this property is concerned.
it is a government of india property and we are in the process of renovating it and using it the way we use hyderabad house in delhi, mea spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
pakistan is not in the picture.
i think our stand is very clear, this is our property and if there is somebody who contests, then i think this is something which we will have to fight, he added.
pakistan has been demanding that the property be handed over to it for housing its mumbai consulate.
the comments came on a day pakistan asserted that jinnah house belonged to it and any attempt by india to take the building under its control would not be accepted.
we have a claim over it (jinnah house) and we do not accept that anyone tries to take custody of it.
they (indians) have already accepted that it belongs to pakistan.
we have record of it.
they (indians) have accepted that it belongs to pakistan, pakistan foreign office spokesperson mohammad faisal said.
jinnah's daughter dina wadia had approached the bombay high court in august 2007 claiming that being the sole legal heir of jinnah, she should get possession of the house.
after her death, her son nusli neville wadia is carrying on the litigation.
asked about the court case initiated by dina wadia, kumar said, it has nothing to do with who is contesting.
this property belongs to the government of india.
washington/beijing: leaders from the us, china, bangladesh, iran and singapore condoled on wednesday the demise of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and recalled her important role in cementing india's relations with the world.
swaraj, who was external affairs minister from may, 2014 to may, 2019, passed away in new delhi on tuesday night after suffering a cardiac arrest.
she was 67.
terming her a friend and strong partner, us secretary of state mike pompeo said swaraj shared america's view that a more democratic world is a more peaceful one.
saddened to hear of the passing of my friend and former india external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
she was a strong partner who shared our view that a more democratic world is a more peaceful one.
our thoughts are with her family and the people of india, pompeo said in a tweet.
in her tribute, bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina said her country had lost a good friend.
she (swaraj) was a good friend of bangladesh.
with her death, bangladesh has lost a good friend.
bangladesh will recall her contributions in taking the relationship between the two countries to a new height, hasina was quoted as saying by bdnews24.
iranian foreign minister javad zarif recalled his fruitful discussions with swaraj.
my deepest condolences to the government and the people of india on the passing of former external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
i had many fruitful and useful discussions with her while she held office, and am saddened by her sudden passing.
may she forever rest in peace, he tweeted.
chinese foreign ministry spokesperson hua chunying said swaraj had made important contributions to the development of china-india relations.
madam sushmaswaraj swaraj is a senior indian politician.
china deeply mourns for the passing of madam sushmaswaraj swaraj and expresses sincere condolences to her family, hua said in a written response.
un general assembly president maria fernanda espinosa also expressed condolences at the demise of swaraj.
saddened by the news of the passing of sushmaswaraj swaraj, an extraordinary woman & leader who devoted her life to public service.
i had the honour of meeting her in my visits to india, & will always remember her fondly, espinosa tweeted.
prime minister ranil wickremesinghe expressed sorrow at the demise of swaraj, saying that her efforts to achieve regional policy objectives made a lasting impression among the lankan public.
i have always known mrs swaraj as a true friend of sri lanka, a neighbour and a relative of sri lanka who held a pleasing personality, wickremesinghe said.
singapore foreign affairs minister vivian balakrishnan remembered swaraj's warm friendship and said that she represented india on the world stage and fought tirelessly for indian citizens.
sushma swaraj was a wonderful lady, always full of life, as she represented india on the world stage and fought tirelessly for her citizens, wrote the singapore minister.
bahrain's foreign minister khalid bin ahmed al khalifa referred to swaraj as his dear sister and said she always called him 'my brother'.
she is not with us anymore.
rest in peace 'my dear sister'.
india and bahrain will miss you, he tweeted.
calling her behinji, former afghanistan president hamid karzai expressed his grief over the loss of a tall leader and people's person.
deeply saddened to hear of the loss of behinji sushmaswaraj swaraj.
a tall leader and a great orator and people's person.
my profound condolences to the people of india and her family and friends, he tweeted.
paying tributes to swaraj, the russian foreign ministry said on twitter, we express our sincere condolences to the people of india on the passing away of the former fm of this friendly country sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the french ambassador to india alexandre ziegler said she was one of india's most respected leaders who showed remarkable dedication to serving her fellow citizens and took the indo-french relationship to new heights.
israeli ambassador to india ron malka visited swaraj's residence and paid his last respects.
condoling the death of his former indian counterpart, afghanistan's foreign minister salahuddin rabbani said swaraj led her country with distinction and determination.
i'm saddened to hear of the untimely demise of sushmaswaraj swaraj, senior bjp leader & former foreign minister of india.
my deepest condolences to the people & government of india on the loss of a distinguished public figure who represented her country w/distinction & determination, he tweeted.
this story is from december 3, 2018file photo of some deserted wives with punjab state commission for nris justice rajesh kumar garg.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
young gullible girls of indian origin  largely working professionals in toronto, vancouver and new york are being coaxed or trapped into marriage by young unemployed men, faking to be rich, from punjab, haryana, kerala and hyderabad in pursuit of greener pastures.
cupid flies as soon as these men attain permanent residency.
some 70 such deserted newlyweds from panchkula, jalandhar , chandigarh and hyderabad, settled in north america, are knocking the doors of indian foreign ministry and have taken up the matter with counsel general of canada.
considering the alarming rise in the cases coming to the national and state commissions for women, especially in andhra pradesh, telangana and punjab, related to nri marriages the union government is set to introduce a bill in the coming winter session of parliament for more stern measures against non-resident indian (nri) husbands abandoning their wives in india.
this spells relief for some of the victims.
shilpa aggarwal from panchkula now settled in toronto, is one of 70 such girls.
we have been pursuing cases for a long time.
things seem to have started moving now.
in my case, the women commission has stepped in and asked the police to expedite the process.
with intervention from centre, state governments seem to have woken up.
we hope this bill gets introduced soon, says aggarwal, whose husband is a muslim.
new delhi, mar 3 () india and vietnam today inked three pacts, including one on nuclear cooperation, and resolved to jointly work for an open indo-pacific, while calling for a rules-based regional architecture.
in their talks, prime minister narendra modi and vietnamese president tran dai quang also vowed to expand bilateral cooperation in several key sectors, including defence, oil and gas, and agriculture.
we will jointly work for an open, independent and prosperous indo pacific region where sovereignty and international laws are respected and where differences are resolved through talks, modi said in a media statement in the presence of the vietnamese president.
both sides are committed towards expanding the bilateral maritime cooperation and for an open, efficient and rules-based regional architecture, he said.
the remarks come amid china's growing assertiveness in the region.
on defence cooperation, the prime minister said both sides decided to collaborate in defence production and explore opportunities in transfer of technology.
during the talks, modi said india and vietnam have also agreed to deepen trade and investment ties in sectors such as oil and gas exploration, renewable energy, agriculture and textiles.
the three pacts signed after the talks between the two leaders would provide for cooperation in areas of nuclear energy, trade and agriculture.
earlier in the day, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj called on the vietnamese president.
their discussions focused on steps to further strengthen country's comprehensive strategic partnership by expanding cooperation across all sectors, ministry of external affairs spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
quang was also given a ceremonial reception at the rashtrapati bhavan.
faridkot: the baba farid centre here has offered to treat 14-year-old pakistani special child hammad husssain (may not be his real identity) who had crossed the border on may 3 and is now in a borstal.
in 15 years, the centre has treated many similar cases with occupational and speech therapy.
the boy crossed the hussainiwala border in ferozepur without passport and his trial is on before a juvenile justice board.
speech-impaired hammad is lodged in a faridkot reformatory since.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has tweeted about him, hoping his family will identify him and approach the indian authorities for his repatriation.
baba farid centre head pritpal singh said: we have videos of his responding to the queries of the indian authorities.
going by his ability to learn, we could use behavioural management through occupational therapy to treat him and try speech therapy to make him learn the sign language through which he can know about him.
in the fazilka area, at teja rohella village especially, we have been treating many similar children who are born with deformities.
the centre will approach the district authorities on monday for permission to see the boy.
he said dr amar singh azad from the centre was an expert at various therapies through which boy could be able to communicate.
faridkot deputy commissioner rajiv parashar said: the administration will provide the boy with every possible treatment and find doctors who could teach him sign language.
we are trying our best to get his identity and to send him to his patents.
only a few days ago, pakistani columnist mehr tarar had tweeted to sushmaswaraj swaraj that the boys parents will be grateful for your attention to provide justice and have him released from jail.
sushma has agreed to help the boy and find his real identity.
this story is from october 21, 2018afp photodelighted to meet pm ranil wickremesinghe in delhi today.
we had fruitful discussions, reviewing various aspects of https://t.
co/utoaur8jjy  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1540046424000new delhi: india and sri lanka agreed to speed up implementation of development projects in the island nation and deepen their historic ties during a meeting between pm modi and visiting counterpart ranil wickremasinghe.
wickremasinghe, who arrived on wednesday on a three-day visit, met pm modi on saturday, when they held delegation level talks.
in a statement after the visit, an mea statement said, the leaders discussed the entire gamut of bilateral relations .
.
.
and exchanged views on regional and global issues.
they also reviewed the progress in implementation of various decisions taken during high level exchanges.
officials familiar with the meeting said all projects underway were discussed.
this would include a recent decision to award a housing project in jaffna to india after taking it away from a chinese group.
india is also involved in building airports in palaly and a port in kankesanthurai as well as one of the container terminals in colombo and a lease of mattala airport near the chinese-controlled hambantota port.
pm tweeted that he and wickremasinghe had fruitful discussions, reviewing various aspects of india-sri lankacooperation.
modi told wickremasinghe that the indian government was successfully diverting indian fishermen towards deep-sea fishing, away from the harmful trawlers that were the cause of strife on palk straits.
officials said he expressed gratitude for the release of fishermen who had been apprehended.
earlier in the day, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security adviser ajit doval also separately called on wickremasinghe.
the pms visit should be seen in the backdrop of growing internal political strife within the leadership of the country.
his visit also comes after a visit by president m sirisena earlier this year, and a recent visit by former president mahinda rajapaksa.
wickremesinghe was accompanied by the minister of development strategies and international trade, malik samarawickrama, minister of petroleum resources development, arjuna ranatunga, and senior officials.
geetageetas marriage will be organized by govtindore: pakistan-returned deaf and speech impaired girl,is all set to meet prospective grooms, but under the watch of district officials.
after receiving an overwhelming response to a matrimonial ad, posted on facebook seeking for a smart, deaf-mute boy for geeta, the ministry of external affairs has shortlisted some candidates and directed the indore district administration to organize her meeting with the prospective grooms.
we received around 60 proposals.
they are mostly from rajasthan, uttar pradesh, uttaranchal, bihar, madhya pradesh and gujarat.
they had been sent to the ministry, where the officials concerned shortlisted some candidates, and asked the district collector, nishant warwade to organize their meeting with geeta, indore-based sign language expert gyanendra purohit said.
purohit, who worked as interpreter for geeta during her initial days back in india, had posted the matrimonial ad after he claimed to have received consent from the ministry.
purohit said, geetas priorities include a smart and good looking deaf-mute boy, who has good command over sign-language.
her preference is for an established person, whose religion should be hindu.
he added, the external affairs minister, sushmaswaraj swaraj has said geeta is indias daughter and her marriage will be organized by the government.
we have received about 22-25 shortlisted bio data from the ministry.
the same will be shown to geeta and whom she will select, will be given a call and opportunity to meet her, zila panchayat ceo, neha meena told toi.
the date and place to hold a meeting of geeta and the shortlisted candidates are yet to be finalized, she said.
with the help of zila panchayat, the social justice department and the ngos helping in the matter, we are preparing a timetable to organize a meeting of the shortlisted candidates and geeta.
every step will be taken with the prospective brides consent warwade said.
indore: geeta, the deaf-mute girl who accidentally crossed into pakistan and returned india after 14 years, met four of the 14 suitors she has shortlisted on friday.
interacting with mediapersons with the help of sign language expert monika punjabi, geeta said that she wants to marry but finding her biological parents is still her first priority.
she hopes that her parents would be found before her wedding so that they can bless her.
the pakistan-returned girl also desires to meet bollywood actor salman khan and cricketers of team india.
she has shortlisted 14 suitors from a list of 60 that sent their cvs in response to a matrimonial ad on facebook.
one of the conditions she has is that the groom must have a diploma in sign language.
the other is that he must help her find her parents.
the administration arranged the meeting at the social justice departments building in pardeshipura.
geeta interacted with all four applicants one-on-one.
she asked them various questions  their work-profile, salary, family, whether they own a car, and residence.
in return, all four candidates assured that they would keep her happy.
one of the suitors, rajkumar swarnakar of bhopal, brought an affidavit addressed to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and indore collector, promising that his entire family is willing to learn signlanguage.
the 32-year-old has a disability with a leg and operates a photocopy shop in bhopal.
the three others are deaf-mute and can communicate through sign language.
one of them, indorean sachin paal, 28, came with his parents and broke into a dance to show his pleasure after meeting geeta.
he works with a private firm.
talking to mediapersons, he said: i have only one objection.
when the government could not search her parents, how can i.another candidate, 30-yearold arun namdev, is a native of tikamgarh, mp, and works as a class-iv employee in the excise department.
i will soon become an officer and will keep geeta happy, namdev, said through gestures.
the fourth suitor, ritesh patel, had come all the way from ahmedabad.
the 26-yearold works with a pizza company.
two other candidates  jainarayana yadav and shekhar azad from uttar pradesh  did not turn up.
one of the suitors selected by geeta, parul prasad of jaipur, recently married and has withdrawn from the swayamvar of sorts.
hyderabad: four days after a computer science student, mohammad akbar , 30, was shot at in a chicago neighbourhood, his family in hyderabad is spending agonising moments trying to track his condition at a hospital in illinois.
akbar suffered bullet injuries on december 6 after he was shot at by an unidentified assailant near albany park parking lot.
crime motive and identity of the accused is still not known.
for last four days, the family has been trying to contact union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, but to no avail.
the 30-year-old would reside in whipple street, chicago, and is pursuing masters in computer science at devry university and is in the us on a student visa.
speaking to toi on sunday, akbars brother mohammad ashraf said, we are worried and have not been getting any information on his condition.
we only know he was fired upon and seriously injured.
on sunday morning, akbars family in hyderabad approached telangana home minister nayani narasimha reddy and sought his help to ensure he gets good medical care in the us.
they also asked him to take up the case with us authorities.
the minister is said to have assured the family of help.
we are in a state of shock.
my father has sunk into depression, ashraf told toi.
the family lives at meerpet mallapur, annapurna colony in uppal.
ashraf had graduated from a city college and went to the us to pursue masters in computer systems networking and telecommunications.
he spoke to me two days prior to the incident and enquired about our well-being.
we cant understand who targeted my brother and why.
we are also unsure about how many bullet injuries he suffered, ashraf said.
akbar has suffered a bullet injury in his cheek, according to his father mohammed yousuf , a businessman.
in an appeal to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, ashraf pointed out that as per the local newspaper in the us, his brother was admitted to illinois mason medical centre.
his father tweeted the minister on december 7, but has not received any response so far.
in a flashback to feburary this year, srinivas kuchibhotla an indian engineer was killed in a racially motivated shooting in a kansas city bar, united states the attacker, adam purinton, thought kuchibhotla and his friend were middle easterners and was telling them to get out of my country at the time of the shooting.
beijing: the wuhan summit between prime minister narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping could be as significant as the one between former premier rajiv gandhi and then leader of china deng xiaoping in 1988, the official chinese media commented on tuesday.
xi and modi will hold an informal summit in central china's wuhan city from april 27 to 28 to improve bilateral relations and discuss global issues of mutual concern.
both the leaders will try to work out a new paradigm for the bilateral ties bogged down with a host of disputes and differences.
the meeting can be as significant as the one in 1988 when chinese leader deng xiaoping and then indian prime minister rajiv gandhi met, and will set the course for bilateral ties, an op-ed in global times said.
another official newspaper, the china daily, said it remains to be seen whether the modi-xi summit will live up to its billing as an unprecedented meeting like the 1988 meeting between rajiv and deng.
this (rajiv-deng summit) was when the two countries agreed to put their quarrels behind them.
however, this has proved harder to do than say.
yet clearly both beijing and new delhi hope for something substantial from the upcoming two-day meeting, since the announcement was made on sunday after talks between state councilor wang yi and visiting indian external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the china daily said.
in its editorial 'xi-modi meeting to show diplomatic wisdom of china, india', the global times said indian leaders attach importance to reciprocity in diplomacy.
after visiting china in 2015, modi attended the ninth brics summit in xiamen last year and will attend the summit of shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) in qingdao in june.
he is visiting china before june to meet xi.
this unusual move highlights how much the two sides value this meeting, it said.
the tabloid which is attached to the ruling communist party of china 's official publications and known for its anti-india rhetoric said: within china, hostility toward india is being replaced by hopes for friendly ties.
the two countries need more communication to enhance mutual trust and eliminate the possibility of another border crisis.
asian powers and emerging countries, both china and india share many common interests in international affairs.
they both have to strive for the right to develop and face western pressure on issues like trade and intellectual property rights.
there is large room for economic cooperation.
many conflicts between china and india broke out due to a lack of trust or at western instigation, like the border disputes and so-called dragon-elephant competition, it said.
the us and japan began underscoring indo-pacific strategy last year in an explicit attempt to rope in india against china.
but the strategy hasn't brought india any strategic benefit except to trigger vigilance between new delhi and beijing, it said.
china and india cooled down soon after the dokalam standoff, which indicates the solid foundation for ties.
the west wanted china and india to confront each other, but it didn't work out that way, it said.
china and india have a more robust economic development than other emerging countries and are both independent.
any attempt to manipulate the way they deal with each other will likely fail, it said.
the cooperation of two countries, home to about 40 per cent of the global population, is highly significant for the whole world, it said.
the china daily editorial said there is good reason for optimism for modi-xi summit.
the previous meeting between xi and modi in xiamen last september and it produced an end to the tense border standoff (dokalam) that had been souring relations for months, it said.
that incident was a reminder to the two proud neighbours that they must manage their border issues, or they will continue to trouble them.
while third parties may profit from a deteriorating china-india relationship, the two countries themselves will not.
they should be vigilant of others seeking to benefit at the expense of their friendly relations and recalibrate their relationship so it serves more constructive purposes, it added.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swarajs visit to nepal will be the first opportunity in the new year to reset relations with kathmandu, which have been strained for some time, and particularly after the recent elections.
on thursday and friday, swaraj will meet all the top political leaders  sher bahadur deuba, kp oli and prachanda  as well as calling on president bidya bhandari.
her visit comes days before the left alliance is scheduled to form its government.
swaraj will be the first senior indian minister to visit nepal after the conclusion of elections to local bodies, provincial assemblies and parliament.
india-nepal ties have been in poor shape, compounded by a recent controversy of boundary pillars and encroachment on the no-mans land between the two countries.
it was only a few weeks ago that india and nepal agreed to resolve differences on reconstructing damaged pillars along the mutual border.
it was one more of the thorny issues between the two sides.
amritsar: twenty-seven-year-old harjit masih , who claims to have pulled off a miraculous escape from the clutches of the islamic state while his fellow 39 workers were shot dead said on wednesday that he had escaped the is twice in a span of few days in iraq in 2014.
the resident of kala afghana village in punjabs gurdaspur district told toi on wednesday he had been handed over to is terrorists after he escaped from the spot where his fellow workers were shot dead.
fleeing towards ebril from mosul with a gunshot wound, masih said he took a lift from a vehicle, but people who gave him lift handed him to is terrorists.
when all the is men left after killing my 39 compatriots, i washed the blood, composed myself, started moving away from the spot of the massacre.
i found a road and asked for a lift from an approaching car and informed the people in the car about the whole incident.
instead of taking me to safety, they once again handed me over to another group of is terrorists, he claimed.
the second group of is terrorists quizzed him and asked about his nationality and religion.
i told them that my name is ali, a bangladeshi muslim.
they asked me whether i was shia or sunni.
as i didnt know the difference between the two, i told them i didnt understand them and kept on saying that i believe in allah, he said.
masih claimed that he managed to fool them and after satisfying themselves that he was not lying, the is men took him to a group of bangladeshi nationals, with whom he left iraq and reached kurdistan , from where he contacted the indian embassy and returned to delhi.
she said that masihs story was wrong as he had left mosul earlier by pretending to be a bangladeshi called ali.
however, she confirmed that he had received a bullet injury in his leg.
new delhi: a day after they met kulbhushan jadhav in pakistan, the indian national's family members met union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj at her residence, before leaving for the external affairs ministry mea ), likely for a complete debrief.
foreign secretary s jaishankar and mea spokesperson raveesh kumar were also present when jadhav's mother avanti and his wife chetankul met with the external affairs minister today.
jadhav is on death row in pakistan, convicted for 'spying', a charge india vigorously refutes.
after months of petitioning, pakistan allowed his family members to meet jadhav.
it turned out the meeting was bittersweet, held as it was with jadhav separated from his family members by a glass partition and the three only allowed to speak to each other via intercom.
it was also a bizarre three-odd hours of theatrics by the pakistani establishment, which first claimed jadhav was getting consular access and then admitting he actually wasn't, after india called its bluff.
then, it released a photograph of jadhav's mother and wife, on its foreign office's twitter handle captioning it very peculiarly, saying the two were seated comfortably in the foreign office.
that wasn't all.
pakistan then played a video at a press briefing, in which jadhav is shown thanking pakistan for its grand gesture.
jadhav looked pale and gaunt in some of the photographs released by the pakistan foreign office.
the mea did not confirm or deny television reports that there might have been injury marks on the back of his neck.
pakistan also released a medical report of jadhav by a german doctor of a dubaibased hospital which said he was in an excellent healthy condition (sic).
it also said jadhav's bmi (body mass index) was ideal for his height.
the date on the report was handwritten and it was not revealed where the examination took place.
pakistan has refused to grant jadhav consular access or allow his family to meet him for the longest time.
it also left unacknowledged visa applications by his family members desirous of meeting him and only agreed to allow a meeting after months of international pressure.
this story is from january 5, 2019external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
(pti)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the government has written to the pakistan high commission for information on the 23 indian passports which allegedly went missing from the mission.
islamabad though has responded by saying that there is no evidence to suggest that these passports were ever deposited with the pakistani mission.
the mysterious disappearance of the passports, which belonged to sikhs who had applied for visa to travel to pakistan on guru nanaks 549th anniversary, led to queries in indias parliament earlier this week, with sushmaswaraj swaraj answering that the government had information that the passports were misplaced by the pakistan high commission.
official sources said a note was sent to the high commission last week for a response on the issue.
that the passports had gone missing allegedly from high commission was first reported by toi on december 15.
pakistan foreign ministry spokesperson said reports of passports going missing from high commission were baseless and speculative.
she has been isisamritsar: in perhaps the first instance of its kind, a sikh woman who had gone to pakistan on pilgrimage, ended up converting to islam and marrying a man in lahore.
kiran bala, 31, is a widow from garhshankar town in hoshiarpur who has left behind three young children with her father-in-law.
she has married muhammad azam , who she claims she has known for over a year and a half through social media.
while indian authorities are wondering if she has been coerced into converting and marrying the lahore resident, the shiromani gurdwara management committee ( sgpc ), has alleged that this is a failure of indian intelligence officials.
every year before pilgrims are sent to pakistan in a 'jatha', passports are inspected by indian authorities and many of the applications are rejected.
the present jatha has about 1,800 people.
while kiran, who has been rechristened amna bibi , claims that she has married and converted to islam of her own accord, her father-in-law tarsem singh, a former granthi , has sought foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 's help.
talking to toi over phone from lahore on thursday, kiran aka amna bibi said, it was not facebook (that we met), it was social media.
she, however, refused to say which social media account she had used.
i did everything by myself, no one forced me to do anything, she insisted.
she hurriedly hung up the phone saying, please dont disturb me, i am in court and i am very busy now.
amna had left for pakistan with an sgpc-led jatha to celebrate baisakhi via the attari land border on april12.
on april 16, she went to lahore-based dar-ul-ulaoom naeemia and embraced islam after which she married azam.
on the same day she wrote a letter to pakistans interior ministry seeking extension of her visa and alleging a threat to her life in india.
tarsem singh fears that kiran was persuaded by radical muslims to wage jihad against non-believers.
i fear she has been indoctrinated with isis ideology and converted to islam but still i need her back home to take care of her three children, he said.
amna was married to tarsems son narinder singh in 2005.
narinder worked in a gas agency and died in a road accident in 2013.
she called me from pakistan a couple of times after april 12 to ask about the well-being of her children and everything seemed normal.
that was until her last call when she said she had converted to islam and married.
i thought she was joking, he said tarsem is now worried about bringing up his three grandchildren  two boys and a girl aged between 8 and12.
i had gone to see her off when she went to celebrate baisakhi in pakistan and had told the jatha leader to bring her back safe, he said.
additional secretary of sgpc, diljit singh bedi, said they collect passports from people aspiring to undertake pilgrimage to pakistan and send these to the government for verification.
often, names of many pilgrims are struck off, he said, adding that the security agencies couldnt be absolved of their responsibility, especially when there were reports that she knew a pakistani man for a long time.
sgpc has also demanded an inquest into the incident.
new delhi/beijing: the meeting between pm narendra modi and chinese president xi jinping may not see them getting into specifics of prickly issues but this does not mean india will soften its position on pakistan and cross-border terrorism.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj in her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation foreign ministers meeting, also attended by pakistan foreign minister khawaja muhammad asif , reiterated indias position directly.
the reference to pakistan, though not named, was clear enough.
terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights: of life, peace and prosperity, swaraj said.
she reiterated that the comprehensive convention on international terror be established and security cooperation within sco strengthened.
sources in delhi said the wuhan summit is intended to address misperceptions in the india-china relationship and the leaders will mostly focus on positives.
despite ongoing chinese activities in the doklam region  though not at the site of the stand-off  the government feels confident about going into the meet.
on pakistan, though, the government is not likely to initiate any bilateral engagement in the near future.
the modi government believes that it should wait to see the outcome of the upcoming elections in pakistan before engaging islamabad.
this, though, as a source said, does not necessarily preclude engagement on the side lines of a multilateral event.
while china has often said in the past that india needs to engage with pakistan, sources here said the summit will have no bearing on indias position ruling out dialogue with pakistan until islamabad takes concrete action to check crossborder terrorism.
in beijing, sources said china may have already taken into account the need for action on terrorism in pakistan before agreeing to an informal summit between modi and xi.
even on the maldives, sources clarified india will continue to have abiding interests in the country and that despite the difficulties in the relationship india had ensured that people to people contacts did not suffer.
differences should not become disputes, sitharaman tells chinese defence minister as two large developing countries engaged in their national modernisation, india-china relations transcend bilateral dimensions and will have bearings on regional and global context, she said.
sco defence ministers' meeting in beijing +two top women ministers, two striking photos two of the country's union cabinet ministers recently featured in two striking photographs.
they are striking, because the ministers were the only women amid a sea of men, who were their counterparts from a host of countries.
the ministers in question, sushmaswaraj swaraj, external affairs minister and nirmala sitharaman, defence minister.
new delhi: in a first, india and pakistan will be part of a multi-nation counter-terror exercise in september, which will also be joined by china and several other countries.
the military exercise will take place under the framework of shanghai cooperation organisation , a china-dominated security grouping which is increasingly seen as a counterweight to nato , officials said.
they said the military drill will be held in the ural mountains of russia and almost all sco member countries will be part of it.
they said the main aim of the exercise, peace mission , will be to enhance counter-terror cooperation among the eight sco member countries.
the officials said india's participation at the exercise was confirmed by defence minister nirmala sitharaman during a meeting oflast week.
it will be for the first time since independence that india and pakistan will both be part of a military exercise, though the armies of the two nations have worked together in un peace keeping missions, they said.
the sco was founded at a summit in shanghai in 2001 by the presidents of russia, china, kyrgyz republic, kazakhstan, tajikistan and uzbekistan.
india and pakistan were admitted as observers of the grouping in 2005.
both the countries were admitted as full members of the bloc last year.
india's membership was strongly pushed by russia while pakistan's entry into the grouping was backed by china.
with expansion of the grouping, sco now represents over 40 per cent of humanity and nearly 20 per cent of the global gdp.
india feels that as an sco member, it will be able to play a major role in addressing the threat of terrorism in the region.
it is also keen on deepening its security-related cooperation with the sco and its regional anti-terrorism structure (rats) which specifically deals with issues relating to security and defence.
india has been holding military exercise with china.
the two countries are likely to resume their bilateral military exercise in september.
last year the drill was suspended following a tense standoff between their troops in doklam.
this story is from november 21, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: the daughters of amina begum, who was arrested for illegally residing in india with a pakistani passport, have appealed to the centre to consider reviewing their mothers case, a day after toi reported about their plight.
according to the daughters, they have no family member left in lahore.
they themselves are married in india and would have to leave their family behind and accompany their mother to pakistan amina has also received plenty of support from netizens on the social media, who have tagged external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, requesting her intervention.
ever since the police detained my mother, we have been facing flak from our kin who do not want us to stay here as well.
my mother is an aged woman and it will be difficult for her to go back and set up a home in lahore, said uzma.
the daughters said they would meet the investigating officer to find a way out.
cops said the legal process of a formal arrest would soon be completed, after which a magistrate will decide on the deportation , in consultation with frro.
pakistan high commission has also been informed.
bhubaneswar: to promote buddhist tourism in odisha, the state government on friday urged the centre to include bhubaneswar as a stop-over on the colombo-varanasi flight path.
chief minister naveen patnaik has also moved the centre to let the biju patnaik airport grant 'visa on arrival'.
the state recently got international air connectivity with airasia starting its operations between bhubaneswar and kuala lumpur.
there has been a good response to this international connectivity with indian citizens travelling abroad through bhubaneswar.
a sizeable number of foreign arrivals have been noticed, naveen wrote to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
the chief minister said the 'visa on arrival' facility would encourage people from countries connected by the recently launched international connectivity (malaysia) to visit odisha.
since we have already established international connectivity, we must have the visa on arrival facility at the city airport.
foreign tourists, who plan immediate visit to odisha, depend on kolkata to get visa.
if we have the facility, it will be a great help, said benjamin simon, a tour operator.
seven places in the country have the visa on arrival facility at present, he said.
prime minister narendra modi , during his recent visit to sri lanka, had announced that india's national carrier air india would begin direct flights between colombo and the holy city of varanasi.
naveen in another letter to union civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju has welcomed the move, saying the initiative will no doubt be useful in promotion of heritage tourism and in increasing the tourist traffic from sri lanka to india.
as you know, odisha is a land of rich cultural heritage.
emperor ashoka converted to buddhism and spread the message across the world from odisha.
apart from that the diamond triangle of buddhist sites (ratnagiri, udayagiri and lalitgiri ) has conclusively established that odisha was an important centre for buddhism during 3rd century bc, naveen noted.
the chief minister in the letter mentioned that tour operators, academicians and monks from sri lanka had expressed eagerness to visit odisha to explore the buddhist heritage sites during the recent international buddhist conclave and other different forums.
new delhi: congress demanded that foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union minister harsimrat badal of akali dal personally apologise to the families of the 39 persons who were killed in iraq.
the opposition party accused swaraj of misleading the families over the last four years.
party president rahul gandhi too expressed shock and offered condolences.
im shocked to hear that 39 indians.
.
.
are now confirmed dead.
my deepest condolences to the families of those who have lived in hope, that their loved ones will return unharmed.
.
.
he tweeted.
slamming the government for insensitivity, soni said, we want foreign minister, along with harsimrat badal and parkash singh badal (akali dal leader), to go and meet the families of the deceased and apologise publicly.
she should say that she kept them in the dark and that she had no concrete information.
congress mp shashi tharoor said, but why did the government give false hope to the nation for three-and-a-half years that the people were still alive?
that was disappointing behaviour.
why did it take the government so much time to announce this?
if the government had no confirmation, why did the government say they were alive, he said, adding the centre had cheated the people.
congress spokesman randeep surjewala demanded that the centre pay rs 1 crore to each of the families of the deceased.
soni said when she told swaraj in 2014 about the statement of a person who had managed to escape from is custody, swaraj laughed off the matter and questioned the credibility of the person.
she said congress sought information through a calling attention motion in parliament about the abducted indians but the government insisted that all were alive.
but multiple sources have told us that our people were alive and i say with responsibility that they are alive and well.
new delhi: in a rare departure from escalating tensions with india, pakistan aided the return of delhi girl uzma ahmed , who was trapped into a forced marriage with a pakistani man she had met in malaysia addressing the media after uzma's return, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj thanked the pakistani government in an unusual show of warmth in the midst of fierce exchange of fire on the border after the beheading of two indian soldiers.
the lawyer who argued the case told the judge that it was a matter of pakistan's prestige that uzma should be allowed to exercise her choice.
it's easy to go to pakistan, but tough to return.
pakistan is a well of death.
even those who go there after an arranged marriage are crying, uzma said as she broke down several times during the press conference called by swaraj.
uzma's return was made possible through cooperation between the indian high commission, whose efforts were led by deputy high commissioner j p singh , and pakistan's foreign and interior ministries.
swaraj described uzma as india's daughter and tweeted that she was welcome home.
uzma claimed she was forced to marry at gunpoint.
i am proud to be an indian citizen.
sushma madam would call me every day to say, 'we are fighting for you, you are our daughter, you are india's daughter', she said, recalling the time spent at the indian high commission.
the actions of the pakistani foreign ministry may also be seen as driven by the civilian government rather than the military as was the case with indian national kulbhushan jadhav who was tried and sentenced to death by a secret military court for allegedly being a spy.
the pakistani foreign ministry has staunchly justified jadhav's sentencing but its actions in the uzma case are a contrast.
the islamabad high court had earlier agreed to uzma's plea that she be allowed to return home and ordered police to escort her to the wagah border.
swaraj thanked the judge and uzma's lawyer, saying he had fought her case well.
she said the delhi girl's return was made possible also because of cooperation extended by pakistan's foreign ministry.
uzma said she was not the only woman duped into marrying a man from buner in pakistan.
there may be lots of girls in buner.
buner people are mostly in malaysia and they get girls from malaysia.
it is a dangerous area.
you hear gunshots every day.
every man has two wives there.
i don't want this to happen to anyone, she said.
uzma added that she was forced to marry tahir ali at gunpoint.
beijing: the meetings of the defence and foreign ministers of the shanghai cooperation organisation sco ), being attended by defence minister nirmala sitharaman and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , began here today.
the two meetings are being held around the same time.
sitharaman who arrived here last night attended the defence ministers' meeting and swaraj took part in the foreign ministers' meeting.
the two meetings were being held as part of the preparations for the sco summit to be held in the chinese city of qingdao in june.
prime minister narendra modi is likely to attend it.
these are the first top ministerial-level meetings of the sco after the admission of india and pakistan as members last year.
a host of issues including the regional security and terrorism were expected to be discussed at the meetings and prepare agenda for the sco summit.
the sco, headquartered in beijing, was founded in 2001.
comprising china, russia, kazakhstan, uzbekistan, tajikistan, kyrgyzstan, india and pakistan, the sco aims at military cooperation between the member states and involves intelligence sharing, counter-terrorism operations in central asia and joint work against cyber terrorism.
this story is from december 1, 2018nizamabad mp kavitha kalvakuntla (left)download the times of india news app for latest citynizamabad: yes, we are a family.
the whole of telangana is a family.
who are these politicians who come from outside and question us?
that is nizamabad mp kavitha kalvakuntlas unabashed rebuttal to opposition diatribe on kcr family rule in telangana.
taking allegations of `parivar politics head-on, she asks: when the people of telangana have elected us, why should someone try to make an issue of it.
on friday morning, as toi hit the campaign trail with the nizamabad mp and kcrs daughter, who was quick to remind that she and other family members were at the forefront of the telangana agitation.
there is family rule in bjp-ruled states too.
even those with a record of corruption have been fielded in the elections.
moreover, it is the same set of people who are in power, she points out, responding to allegations by pm modi, who too has joined the chorus about family rule in telangana.
kavitha also took some time off her hectic election campaign schedule (she has been actively campaigning for trs assembly candidates in her lok sabha constituency) to blast congress president rahul gandhi for shedding crocodile tears for nizamabad while addressing an election meeting.
kavitha, who shifted gears to election mode much before the assembly polls were declared, admits its been hectic but is quick to point out that it is not about elections.
our cm had given us the responsibility of taking all the government schemes to the people and we were doing that, she explains matter of factly.
and when toi asks if it is necessary to strain herself so much if trs is so confident about romping to victory, she says: it is not necessarily about seeing votes.
it is time for us to remind people what the government has done for them.
on being asked about the tension in villages due to voters posing questions to trs candidates, kavitha is quick to brush it aside as peoples expectations.
people have expectations.
we have brought development to villages where there was none.
ours is a work in progress.
it is a continuous process.
the government has invested a lot of money in developing rural areas, she points out.
in fact, we expect our people to be bold and demand what more needs to be done.
such asking cannot be seen as a confrontation, she explains.
while the rapport with the electorate is good, elections have also brought her in the line of fire of opposition women leaders, including union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj of the bjp and all india mahila congress president sushmita dev.
ask her what she thinks about the criticism coming her way from women politicians when the demand for more womens representation in parliament is getting louder, she laughs it away saying: what can i say?
i must be popular.
swaraj, during her address at the shanghai cooperation organisation sco ) council of foreign ministers here, raised the issue of global terrorism and protectionism.
there are a number of challenges that are being faced by the world today, foremost being the threat of global terrorism and the imminent need to build a strong security architecture to combat it, the minister said.
terrorism is an enemy of the basic human rights: of life, peace and prosperity, swaraj said.
protectionism in all its forms should be rejected and efforts should be made to discipline measures that constitute barriers to trade.
india is committed to working with the sco to strengthen our economic and investment ties.
we believe that economic globalization should be more open, inclusive, equitable and balanced for mutual benefits, swaraj added.
this story is from february 16, 2019protests against pulwama terror attack in indore on friday.
usagermanyrussiafrancepeoples republic of chinaaustralia nepalbhutansri lankaafghanistanmaldivesbangladeshmauritiusiranbahrainindonesiasingaporeitalyspainczech republicturkeyunited kingdomromaniaestonialebanonportugalbelgiumfinlanduaeomankingdom of saudi arabiasouth africaunited nations, unsg:dominican republiccanadamexicoseychellesgreecerepublic of koreacroatiaisraeljapanandorrathe netherlandstajikistanshanghai cooperation organisationbulgariamake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
white house statement from the press secretary said, the united states condemns in the strongest terms the heinous terrorist attack by a pakistan-based terrorist group that killed over 40 indian paramilitary forces and wounded at least 44 others.
we express our deep condolences to the victims families, the indian government, and the indian people for the loss of life in this brutal attack.
the united states calls on pakistan to end immediately the support and safe haven provided to all terrorist groups operating on its soil, whose only goal is to sow chaos, violence, and terror in the region.
this attack only strengthens our resolve to bolster counterterrorism cooperation and coordination between the united states and india.
in a separate statement from the state department, usa, the country also extended support to india in its fight against terrorism.
the state department statement said,the united states is resolutely committed to working with the indian government to combat terrorism in all its forms.
the un designated, pakistan-based terrorist group jaish-e-muhammad has claimed responsibility for this heinous act.
we call on all countries to uphold their responsibilities pursuant to un security council resolutions to deny safe haven and support for terrorists.
the german foreign office said,horrible terror attack on a police convoy in the indian state of jammu and kashmir: at least 40 police personnel reportedly killed, many injured.
we condemn terrorism in all its forms.
germany stands by its strategic partner india.
president of russia said, condolences to president and prime minister of india on the terrorist attack in jammu and kashmir vladimir putin sent his condolences to president of india ram nath kovind and prime minister of india narendra modi in connection with the killing of indian security force personnel in a terrorist attack in jammu and kashmir.
mfa russia said,we offer our sincere condolences to the families and relatives of the indian security personnel killed in the terrorist attack in jammu and kashmir.
minister for europe and foreign affairs said,i utterly condemn the despicable attack that has just been targeted against india.
i extend my condolences to the families of the soldiers who died and express my wholehearted solidarity with the indian government and people.
france has always stood and will continue to stand alongside india in the fight against terrorism in all its forms.
i call on each state to take effective measures to combat the terrorist networks and their funding channels and to prevent the cross-border movement of terrorist groups such as jaish-e-muhammad, which has claimed responsibility for this attack.
chinese mfa spokesperson said, china notes reports on the suicide terrorist attacks and deeply shocked by the attack.
we express deep condolences and sympathies to the injured and bereaved families.
we firmly oppose and strongly condemn all forms of terrorism.
we hope relevant regional countries will cooperate to cope with the threat of terrorism and jointly uphold regional peace and stability.
spokesperson said, india has once again been victim of a terrorist attack today in jammu and kashmirs pulwama district.
the bomb attack killed more than 40 persons among the indian paramilitary forces.
terrorism can never be justified.
the european union expresses its deep sadness and condolences to the families of the victims and wishes a speedy recovery to those who were injured.
as a strategic partner of india, the eu reaffirms its full solidarity at such a difficult moment.
the european union stands by india in fighting terrorism and will continue to strengthen its cooperation in this regard.
prime minister of australia said, australia condemns the heinous terrorist attack on an indian police convoy in jammu and kashmir.
we convey our deepest condolences to the families of the victims, and all those injured.
our thoughts are with my friend prime minister narendra modi and the indian people.
mfa australia said,australia condemns the horrific bombing in jammu & kashmir.
we extend our deepest sympathies to those killed and injured, their families & the people of india.
we stand with india in the fight against terrorism.
mfa nepal said, the government of nepal strongly condemns the terrorist attack in jammu and kashmir today that has resulted in the loss of many precious lives.
it extends heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims as well as the government and people of india, and wishes speedy recovery of those injured.
in line with its principled position, nepal unequivocally condemns terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and believes that such heinous acts of terrorism cannot be justified on any ground.
prime minister bhutan said,deeply saddened by the news of the horrific terrorist attack in kashmir.
bhutan strongly condemns terrorist attack of any nature.
our prayers are with the grieved family and we are following the situation closely.
mfa bhutan said,shocked and saddened to hear of the dastardly terrorist attack in kashmir, which has resulted in the loss of 30 precious human lives.
we strongly condemn this heinous attack and express our solidarity with the families of the victims, and the people and government of india.
hope the perpetrators will be brought to justice.
president of sri lanka said,extremely saddened about dastardly terror attack killing 40 crpf ( central reserve police force ) jawans in balawanapur, south kashmir (j&k state).
the world must condemn such brutal terrorist attacks and take effective action to prevent such incidents in future.
prime minister of sri lanka said,i strongly condemn the brutal terrorist attack in kashmir's pulwama district  the worst ever terror attack in jammu and kashmir since 1989.
i express my condolences to narendra modi and the families of police officers who lost their lives.
mfa, sri lanka said,we in sri lanka strongly condemn the attack against indian security forces in pulwama, jammu & kashmir today.
our thoughts and prayers are with the families of the fallen soldiers, and we wish a speedy recovery to those who are injured.
mfa, afghanistan said,while strongly condemning the heinous #kashmirterrorattack on crpf personnel, we stand united with india to combat terrorism in any form as we have done it as a nation in the past 18 years; ministry of foreign affairs of the islamic republic of afghanistan strongly condemns the recent terrorist attack that took place in jammu and kashmir of india.
the govt of i.r afg expresses its condolences and sympathy with the ppl and govt of the friendly country #india due to the loss of 40 indian police, and once again stresses the need for solidarity and closer cooperation of countries in the fight against this common enemy.
president of maldives said,i strongly condemn the deadly terrorist attack in kashmir today killing at least 40 people.
we send our thoughts and prayers to those affected.
the maldives will continue to work with india and the international community to combat terrorism in our region and the world at large.
the minister of foreign affairs of the republic of maldive said,it was with deep shock and horror that i learnt of the bomb blast in pulwama, jammu and kashmir, that caused tragic loss of life and distress to many dozens of crpf personnel.
the government and the people of maldives join me in condemning this cowardly act of terror.
at this time of sorrow and devastation, i wish to extend on behalf of the government and the people of the maldives and in my own name, profound condolences and sympathies to your excellency, the government and the people of india, and especially to the bereaved families of the brave indian army.
the maldives is fully committed to the fight against terrorism and will continue to work closely with india, and the international community in eliminating this global menace.
pm of bangladesh said,excellency, on behalf of the people and the government of bangladesh, and on my own behalf, let me convey our heartfelt condolences for the loss of lives of more than 37 crpf troops who were traveling by a bus in pulwama district of jammu and kashmir this afternoon.
bangladesh strongly condemns this dastardly terrorist attack.
mfa, mauritius said,the government of mauritius is appalled by the car bomb attack perpetrated against the central reserve police force in jammu and kashmirs pulwama district on thursday 14 february 2019, which has caused the death of 40 crpf personnel.
the government of mauritius strongly condemns this vile attack and expresses its deep sympathy to the government of india and extends its profound condolences to the bereaved families of the victims.
mauritius stands in staunch solidarity with the government of india and remains committed to the fight against terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
foreign ministry spokesman bahram ghassemi in a statement said,strongly condemned the terrorist incident in srinagar, india, which left dozens of people dead and injured, and extended his condolences to the government and people of the friendly country of india over the tragic incident and expressed sympathy with the victims families.
ghassemi said,as a country which has been a victim of terrorism and has made huge, extensive and effective efforts to uproot terrorist groups in west asia, we have paid high costs in that end and are determined to firmly continue this path.
we consider resorting to such bloody and inhumane methods by any groups and under any pretext and designation and with any intention as unacceptable.
the ministry of foreign affairs of the kingdom of bahrain strongly condemns the terrorist attack on a military convoy on the outskirts of the city of srinagar in kashmir, which claimed lives of dozens of indian soldiers and injured others.
it expresses the sincere condolences and consolation of the kingdom of bahrain to the republic of india and the families and relatives of the victims.
the ministry affirms bahrains solidarity with india against all forms of terrorism, renewing its rejection of violence, extremism and terrorism of all forms and regardless of the motives, and calling for concerted global efforts to uproot this scourge.
the government and people of indonesia express our deepest condolences and solidarity to the victims of the terror attack and their families.
so far there has been no information of indonesian among the victims.
indonesia reiterates that acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable, regardless of their motivation.
indonesia will continue to work with the international community to fight against terrorism, extremism and radicalism as well as address its root causes.
minister for foreign affairs dr. vivian balakrishnan has written to the minister of external affairs of the republic of india sushmaswaraj swaraj to express condolences on the terror attack in pulwama, jammu and kashmir on 14 february, 2019.
the letter is appendeddismay for serious terrorist attack that hit indian security forces at #pulwama, with numerous deaths and wounded.
it italia condemns terrorism in all its forms.
strong sympathy and condolences to the families of the victims.
spain strongly condemns the attack perpetrated today, thursday, in pulwama, state of jammu and kashmir, where a car attacked a convoy of the central reserve police force of india.
the attack has cost the lives of at least 36 people and has enjoyed several dozens of people.
spain deplores the use of terrorist violence in any kind of circumstance.
the government of spain expresses its support to the people and the authorities of india at this time of sorrow and wishes to convey its heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims, while at the same time wishes a speedy recovery to those who were wounded.
the czech republic strongly condemns today's terrorist attack perpetrated in jammu & kashmir.
our thoughts and condolences go out to the families of the victims.
the czech republic will stand by indias side in the fight against terrorism in all its forms.
we have received the news with sorrow that a terrorist attack targeting a convoy of security forces in jammu kashmir resulted in many losses of lives and left many wounded today.
we condemn this heinous attack.
we extend our condolences to the families of the deceased and to the people and government of india, and wish speedy recovery to the wounded.
we are deeply concerned about the increasing tension and casualties occurring recently in jammu and kashmir and hope that the problem will be settled through dialogue and within the framework of the relevant un resolution.
shocked by today's senseless and brutal act of terror in india-administered kashmir.
i offer my sincere condolences to the victims' families.
we stand with india.
we strongly condemn the terrorist attack in #kashmir and we stand in solidarity with #india in such difficult times.
our sincere condolences to the families of the victims.
terrible attack on a police convoy in #kashmir #india, we strongly condemn this brutal act of terrorism.
our condolences to the loved ones of the victimsthe ministry of foreign affairs and emigrants condemns the terrorist attack in jammu and kashmir that killed more than 40 members of the indian armed forces and wounded scores more.
lebanon reaffirms its solidarity with the friendly government and people of india.
the ministry extends its condolences to the families of the victims of this bloody attack and wishes speedy recovery to the wounded.
@govptit strongly condemns the suicide attack today, in the indian state of jammu and kashmir, against vehicles of indian police forces.
we present condolences to the relatives of the victims and to the indian government.
i strongly condemn yesterday's terrorist attack in #kashmir.
my heartfelt condolences go out to the families and friends of the victims.
belgium stands in solidarity with the people and the government of #india (minister)terrible attack on a police convoy in #kashmir #india - we strongly condemn this brutal act of terrorism.
our condolences to the loved ones of the victims.
the uae has condemned the terrorist attack on security forces in kashmir, on thursday that left scores of the central reserve police force (crpf) personnel dead and injured.
the ministry of foreign affairs and international cooperation said in a statement that the uae condemns this terrorist actreiterating the countrys principles and unequivocal position rejecting all forms of violence and terrorism.
the uae stands in solidarity with the government and people of india in their fight against violence and extremism the ministry said in a statement today.
the ministry called on the international community to unify efforts in confronting extremism and terrorism that pose a threat to global security and stability.
oman condemns the terrorist attack on an indian military convoy, which killed at least 20 soldiers and injured 25 others after a car bomb collided with a north police bus #.
the statement reiterated the sultanate's solidarity with the friendly republic of india, its sympathy for the victims ' relatives and the du'aa ' of the wounded for a speedy recovery.
ksa condemns explosion against military convoy in indian part of kashmir.
an official source at the ministry of foreign affairs expressed the kingdom of saudi arabias strong condemnation and denunciation over the explosion that targeted a military convoy in the indian part of kashmir, claiming dozens of deaths and injuries.
the source stressed the kingdoms rejection of these cowardly terrorist acts and its stand with the friendly republic of india against terrorism and extremism, offering condolences to the families of the victims, indian government and people and wishing the injuries a speedy recovery.
dirc, south africa (mfa) south africa condemns deadly attack in kashmir.
the south africa government condemns in the strongest terms the attack in kashmir, killing around d40 security personnel and injuring many others in one of the deadliest attacks on indian forces in this area for years.
president cyril ramaphosa has, on behalf of the government and people of south africa, extended the countrys deepest condolences to the government and the people of republic of india following the unjustifiable and cowardly attack.
he conveyed that the thoughts of south africans are with the people and the government of india during this trying time.
acts of terrorism have no place in society and constitute a threat to development, peace and security.
the south african government wishes to reiterate its solidarity with the government of india in confronting the scourge of terrorism and will continue to support regional and international efforts to address terrorism in all its forms.
we strongly condemn todays attack in jammu and kashmir pulwama districtand express our deepest condolences to the families of those that lost their lives and the government of india.
we wish her a speedy recovery to those injured and call for those behind the attack to be brought to justicedean of the diplomatic corps in india said, on behalf of the diplomatic corps in india, we would like to express our deepest sympathy to the government and to the people of india, as well as the families of the victims of this horrendous act.
we firmly support the government of india in their fight against terrorism.
the honourable chrystia freeland, minister of foreign affairs, today issued the following statement:canada strongly condemns the terrorist attack that took place in pulwama, jammu and kashmir today.
canada offers its deepest condolences and profound sympathy to the families and friends of those killed and injured in the attack.
canada remains steadfast in its support of the global fight against terrorism.
we stand in solidarity with the government and the people of india in the fight to prevent radicalization and defeat terrorism in all its forms.
mexico he gobierno de mxico condemns the attack on indian personnel that took place today in jammu and #cachemira.
expressing their condolences to the families of the victims, reiterates their rejection of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
president faure has extended his heartfelt condolences to the prime minister of the republic of india, h.e.
mr. narendra modi, following the terrorist attack in kashmir on february 14, 2019, in which many indian soldiers lost their lives.
president faure said we extend our deepest condolences to the victims and their families and wish a speedy recovery to those injured.
our thoughts and prayers are very much with the people of india and we wish india as a whole much fortitude and togetherness during this difficult period added president faure.
we condemn the appalling terrorist attack in jammu & kashmirs pulwama district.
we express our condolences to victims families & loved ones.
we stand in solidarity with the gov.
of india & its people in their efforts to fight terrorismthe rok government strongly condemns the car bombing terrorist attack on the central reserve police force, pulwama, state of jammu and kashmir, india on february 14, 2019.
rok government extends its deepest condolences and sympathy to those who lost their lives in the attack and their bereaved families.
it is the rok governments firm position that terrorism is a crime against humanity that cannot be justified under any circumstances and must be eradicated.
rok government will continue to actively work with the international community to eradicate terrorism.
croatia terrible terror attack in #kashmir #pulwama.
ministry of foreign and european affairs of the republic of croatia condemns this & all acts of violence and terrorism.
we express deepest condolences to families of victims and people of #india.
prime minister, israel to my dear friend, prime minister of india @narendramodi, we stand with you, the security forces and the people of india following this heinous terrorist attack.
we send our condolences to the families of the victims.
prime minister, japan, said, i resolutely condemn the vicious terrorist attack carried out yesterday in pulwama of jammu and kashmir.
on behalf of the japanese government and people, i would like to extend my sincere condolences to those who lost their lives and their bereaved families, and expresses my heartfelt sympathy to those who were injured.
i express my heartfelt solidarity to the people of india in the process of overcoming this difficult time.
such act of terrorism cannot be justified for any reason.
japan is firmly committed to combating terrorism in cooperation with india and the international community.
mofa, japan said,following the terrorist attack in the northern indian state of jammu and kashmir, mr. taro kono, foreign minister of japan sent the following message of condolences to h.e.
ms. sushmaswaraj swaraj, minister of external affairs of india.
i extend my sincere condolences to those who lost their lives and their bereaved families in the terrorist attack carried out in pulwama of jammu and kashmir on february 14th.
such act of terrorism cannot be justified for any reason and japan firmly condemns it.
japan expresses its solidarity with india in combating terrorism.
the ministry of foreign affairs of the principality of andorra can ways on behalf of the government and people of pandora its most sincere condolences for the feet of the week tins of yesterdays bump attack against the security forces of india as well as its solidarity with the people wanted can you requesting that they are conveyed to the authorities and people of india the ministry of foreign affairs reiterates its strongest condemnation to all manifestations of violence and extremism.
nl condemns yesterday's outrageous terrorist attack in india.
our heart goes out to the victims and family of the more than 40 people that died.
we stand in solidarity with our indian friends.
this heinous attack only strengthens our resolve to eradicate the scourge of terrorism.
the news of the terrorist attack committed in the state of jammu & kashmir of the republic of india, which led to the death of 45 security officials and dozens of citizens, greatly upset us.
this terrible event once again firmly confirmed the need to continue the unforgiving struggle of all mankind against terrorism.
sharing the grief with friendly people of india, i convey my deep condolences to the families of the victims.
i also wish full recovery to the wounded.
sco secretariat said,the sco secretariat strongly condemns the terrorist attack in jammu and kashmir in india on 14 february 2019 that killed about 40 indian soldiers.
the secretariat of the sco expresses its deepest condolences to the families of those who lost their lives and to the government of the republic of india and wishes a speedy recovery of the injured soldiers.
the sco member-states condemn terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
we condemn yesterdays terrorist act against indian personnel near #srinagar.
no cause justifies such acts.
our condolences go to the #indian government and people.
attari: it was an emotional homecoming for uzma ahmed , the indian woman, who had alleged she was married to a pakistani national at gunpoint.
uzma who returned from pakistan on thursday after the islamabad high court granted her permission to return, had claimed she was coerced into marrying tahir ali , a father of four.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj welcomed her tweeting, uzma- welcome home india's daughter.
i am sorry for all that you have gone through.
wearing a green suit and a matching handbag hanging on her shoulder, the bespectacled lady, holding a spiral book and a pen, looked composed as she crossed the attari international border along with three officials of the indian high commission in islamabad.
an emotional uzma first knelt down to touch the indian soil while security personnel were trying to keep her away from the media glare.
she was immediately whisked away to sri guru ramdas international airport, amritsar to board a flight to delhi.
uzma was not allowed to speak to the media for reasons best known to the security officials.
reportedly uzma's love affair with tahir, a taxi driver, began in malaysia in 2016.
on may 1, she left for pakistan via attari border and claimed that tahir forced her to marry at gunpoint on may 3.
according to media reports, uzma claimed she had gone to pakistan to meet tahir and explore the country.
according to media reports, she was forced by tahir and his friends to marry him.
in an interview on a pakistani tv news channel, tahir said that uzma knew he was married and had four children.
the pakistani media highlighted what it claims whatsapp conversations between the two which read, agar bhai ka phone ayae tumharay pas to yeh mat bolna ki tumharay char bachhay hai or na apni biwi kay baray may kuch batana or study agar puchay to graduation batana (if my brother calls you then don't tell you have four children or about your wife and if he asks about your qualification, say you are a graduate).
on may 5, uzma and tahir went to the indian high commission in islamabad to apply for a visa to come to india to meet her family in delhi.
however, her brother had already warned the commission officials about tahir's betrayal, following which uzma was kept in their safety.
tahir was told she was not in the high commission's office after which he filed a missing report with the police and upon inquiry, the commission officials informed that uzma didn't wish to return to her husband.
on wednesday, the islamabad high court ruled she be sent back to her country.
this story is from december 20, 2018hamid nihal ansari (r) meets sushmaswaraj swaraj in delhi on wednesdaydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: mumbai man hamid ansari, repatriated by pakistan after spending six years in prison, met foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and briefed her about his plight while in custody in pakistan.
ansari was accompanied by his mother fauzia who told swaraj,  mera bharat mahaan, meri madam mahaan.
meri madam ne he kiya hai sab kuch (india is great.
my madam is great.
my madam did everything).
she added, the government of india was very supportive, so was the media on both sides of the border.
this couldn't have been possible were it not for the lawyers and activists in pakistan who worked on the case .
officials said 33-year-old ansari, who came back to india on tuesday, became emotional while talking about the difficult phase of his life in pakistan.
ansari, who thanked swaraj for his release, was arrested in 2012 for illegally entering pakistan from afghanistan, reportedly to meet a girl he had befriended online.
i am immensely happy today.
i don't have words to describe my feelings, said fauzia.
hamid's father, nihal ansari, said, it is a new dawn for us.
the mumbai resident, who returned to india after crossing the wagah-attari border, was imprisoned in the peshawar central jail after being sentenced by a military court on december 15, 2015.
according to official sources, india issued 96 notes verbales to pakistan seeking consular access to ansari.
the decision to release him was on account of relentless pressure from new delhi, they said.
shortly before his arrival on tuesday, ansari's mother fauzia ansari told reporters that the prayers of the family and of all those who wished for his safe return had been answered.
jaipur: be it 58-year-old ichraj kanwar or her 61-year-old husband mahaveer singh , both the natives of jhotwara, had sleepless nights since they came to know that their son vikramaditiya who had gone to riyadh for a job was missing since october 2017.
they did everything from having a trip to new delhi to meet officials of various ministries, including external affairs, and embassies.
finally, their wait ended on sunday when the parents talked to their son following the intervention of officials of ministry of external affairs (mea).
they have been assured that vikramaditiya will land in new delhi on wednesday morning.
toi had carried a story jaipur family yet to trace their missing 23-year-old son on january 22.
following the report, the family got a call from the mea and other officers who assured them to expedite the process of finding the couples son.
we had tweeted the news relating to our son to embassy officials and to various ministers, including external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and even to prime minister narendra modis portal.
thereafter, on sunday, we got a call from riyadh and i was told that my son vikramaditiya will speak to me.
i could not handle it and handed over the phone to my elder son, said an emotional mahaveer singh while talking to toi on tuesday.
singh said, i spoke to my son.
the officials also took possession of my sons passport which was with the employer.
now, after medical and other formalities, my son will land in delhi on on wednesday morning.
it is the most happiest news for me and my wife, singh said while wiping off his tears.
yeh to kaye maheenon ke baad sunday ki raat theek se soyi hai (she slept properly after many months), said singh while talking about his wife.
nobody helped us and some asked why have you sent your son?
, said singh.
now, singh along with his elder son harshvardhan singh rathore , will leave for delhi to receive vikramaditiya.
bhai aa raha hai, kal to party karenge (brother is coming, we will party tomorrow), said harshvardhan.
vikramaditya had left for saudi arabia through an agency on october 4.
he spoke to his family last on october 20 and told them that he was mistreated as his employer has taken his mobile phone.
since then, the family has been in touch with various organizations, including shree rajput karni sena, shree rajput sabha.
indore: three doctors conducted psychological and physical evaluation of deaf-and-mute girl geeta here on thursday following concern over reports of erratic behaviour and refusal of food.
geeta, who was stuck in pakistan for several years, has been at a state-run hostel in indore after her return to india in 2015.
according to officials, geeta lost around 3kg weight in the last few days, triggering alarm.
hostel director approached collector nishant warwade , who ordered a medical check-up.
geeta is our responsibility and we ensure she is comfortable.
since we came to know that she has been refusing food for the past two-three days and showing signs of uneasiness, a team of doctors conducted her psychological and physical evaluation, the collector told toi.
three doctors from mgm medical college , administrative officials and an interpreter visited indore deaf bilingual academy and spoke to geeta about the 'behavioural problems' she was facing, said an official.
they talked about her learning new things, like writing.
during the meet, geeta expressed her wish to meet external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and bollywood actor salman khan, the official added.
the team will submit its report to the administration, which will be shared with senior officials to take best possible decision for geeta, he said.
geeta is reported to have lost her temper a few times recently and left her hostel once without informing the authorities.
over the last three years, she has expressed desire to marry, say officials, adding that it wasn't part of the discussions on thursday.
a couple of months ago, the woman and child development department had considered moving geeta to ujjain.
the plan seems to have been shelved after social justice department joint director, bc jain , pointed out that they need approval from the ministry of external affairs and the indore collector's consent for this.
this story is from november 26, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chandigarh: the punjab chief minister , captain amarinder singh , declined on sunday pakistan foreign minister shah mahmood qureshis invitation to attend the november 28 ceremony where prime minister imran khan would lay the foundation stone for the kartarpur corridor.
interestingly, his cabinet minister, navjot singh sidhu , has accepted the invitation and will attend.
even external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had declined the invitation citing prior commitments.
she, however, deputed union ministers harsimrat kaur badal and hardeep singh puri to attend the event.
amarinder, in a detailed letter to qureshi, cited continued terrorist attacks in punjab and killings of indian soldiers by pakistan armed forces personnel as the reasons for declining the invitation.
not a day passes when indian soldiers are not killed or wounded on the line of control in jammu and kashmir.
rather than moving towards normalcy these incidents are escalating, amarinder wrote.
in his letter, the cm gave the example of the november 18 amritsar grenade blast and added that the isi has started its nefarious activities within punjab.
he said since his government was sworn in, in march 2017, the state had neutralised 19 isi-armed and -controlled modules, apprehended 81 terrorists and recovered 79 weapons, in addition to numerous grenades of the hg 84 type made in pakistans ordnance factories with austrian knowhow, and some ieds.
i hope the prime minister will understand that under these circumstances it will not be possible for me to be present in pakistan on this historic occasion despite the fact that paying my respects at gurdwara sri kartarpur sahib has always been my cherished dream which will hopefully be fulfilled once these hostilities and killings are stopped, he said.
instead, amarinder, along with vice-president venkaiah naidu , will on monday lay the foundation stone for the indian side of the corridor at maan village, in punjabs gurdaspur district.
political situation in maldives +political chaos on last thursday +washington: us president donald trump and prime minister narendra modi have expressed concern about theover a phone call, as they also discussed the situation in afghanisthan and enhancing security in indo-pacific region, the white house said.
both leaders expressed concern about the political crisis in maldives and the importance of respect for democratic institutions and rule of law, the white house said in a readout of the phone call between trump and modi, the first in this year.
maldives plunged into awhen the apex court ordered the release of nine imprisoned opposition politicians, maintaining that their trials were politically motivated and flawed.
the yameen government has refused to implement the ruling, prompting a wave of protests in maldives capital, male.
maldives' supreme court chief justice abdulla saeed and another judge, ali hameed, were arrested hours after yameen declared a state of emergency.
the white house said the two leaders also pledged to continue working together to enhance security and prosperity in the indo-pacific region.
affirming president trump's south asia strategy, they reiterated their commitment to supporting afghanistan's security and stability, the white house said.
modi and trump also exchanged views on myanmar and ways to address the plight of the rohingya refugees.
as of now there are some 680,000 rohingya refugees in bangladesh putting enormous pressure in the economy of bangladesh.
recently myanmar and bangladesh agreed on a roadmap of return of these refugees to their homes in myanmar.
the us believes that this is not the right time for the return of rohingya refugees.
according to the white house, during the call, trump and modi discussed further steps to ensure denuclearisation of north korea.
finally, the leaders agreed to strengthen security and economic cooperation as they look forward to the '2+2' ministerial dialogue between their defence and diplomatic officials in april, the white house said.
the '2+2 dialogue' was announced after the white house meeting between modi and trump in june 2017.
the dialogue would involve external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman from india along with their american counterparts secretary of state rex tillerson and defense secretary jim mattis.
ahmedabad: in a written protest to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, around 45 civil society leaders, academics and professionals have criticized the unceremonious detention and deportation of former swiss diplomat, kurt vogele, from sardar vallabhbhai patel international airport , on january 22, this year.
the letter alleged, he was denied entry to india due to his friendship with colleagues at navsarjan trust , a dalit rights ngo in ahmedabad.
the letter to the minister stated that vogele was deported despite the fact that he has a valid visa issued by the indian consulate in geneva.
worse, he was blacklisted and told he had no right to enter india, without giving any reason.
the civil society members have demanded the blacklisting be revoked and have sought an explanation as to how he was blacklisted without any prior intimation.
vogeles passport was confiscated and returned to him only on his return to geneva.
you can imagine the shock, apprehension and anxiety of a 75-year-old man (vogele) at being so undeservedly isolated and stripped of his right of entry, the letter reads.
vogele has spent 13 years in india, in the main serving as country director of swiss development corporation (sdc), an arm of the swiss foreign ministry.
during his last spell he was its country director (counsellor) in the swiss embassy in delhi from 2000 to 2005.
he was instrumental providing major assistance during the devastating 2001 earthquake in kutch.
hyderabad: a 23-year-old woman from shah ali banda in old city has been given triple talaq over phone after she was allegedly sold to a sheikh in saudi arabia by her husband.
the victim is said to be saira banu the mother of the victim, banu begum, said her son-in-law had divorced her daughter after he got her trafficked to riyadh and that he had sent her there only with the intention of divorcing her.
saira banu was smuggled to saudi arabia via muscat and dubai.
she landed there on may 2.
her husband reportedly had contacted some agents in the old city dealing in trafficking people to the gulf.
the agent sent her on a one-month visa to dubai.
my son-in-law has sold my daughter and divorced her, banu begum said in a video appeal to union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on saturday.
she also filed a complaint with the shah ali banda police station to take action against her son-in-law.
imphal: chief minister n biren singh on friday said manipur 's moreh town bordering myanmar could emerge as a nerve centre for the act east policy.
participating in the 'interactive session with chief ministers of northeastern states on act east policy' held at new delhi, biren said moreh town should be developed with multi-speciality hospitals, diagnostic centres and educational institutions.
moreh could emerge as a support centre for trade promotion activities if it has commodity exchanges, logistics servicing and warehousing facilities, biren said in the meeting chaired by union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
implementation of banking facilities, easy payment modalities, quick food safety checks and single window clearances for transaction would boost trade in the region, he added.
the chief minister also said moreh town could also be treated as a buffer area where myanmar nationals, with permission from the indian authorities, could vist the place to avail of the benefits on offer.
biren suggested that the integrated check posts at moreh have to be made fully functional and the 110km imphal-moreh highway (nh 39) be upgraded to a double lane highway to enhance trade connectivity.
the imphal-silchar stretch should also be improved as it is affected by frequent landslides during monsoon, he added.
new delhi: bjp squarely blamed the lokpal fiasco in the rajya sabha on pm manmohan singh and finance minister pranab mukherjee as the party on friday launched a bitter assault on the government accusing it of perpetrating the biggest fraud at the stroke of midnight.
if it was freedom at midnight on august 15, 1947, it was 'flee-dom' at midnight yesterday, said leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arun jaitley, adding that a government that ran away from voting had no political or moral right to stay in power.
the prime minister must now live with one more moral stigma.
he won the 2008 vote of confidence through bribery,'' said a statement by the party, as it officially demanded pm's resignation.
the bjp leaders hit out at the government for arguing that it had in concert with other parties tried to thwart the bill.
on the plea that the government was ready to pass the bill approved by the lok sabha, jaitley said the bjp and other parties had wanted to turn a soft lokpal into a strong one.
no one had been coerced into disagreeing with the bill.
the bill could have been referred to a select committee.
they could have also asked for an extension of the session.
swaraj also drew a parallel with epic mahabharata saying that singh and mukherjee, like dronacharya and bhisma in the case of draupadi had remained mute spectators to the chirharan of democracy.
while jaitley said that the house could have gone on after midnight, he stopped short of directly blaming chairman hamid ansari who adjourned the rs sine die not because it was past midnight but because of the din in the house.
when the house goes on until midnight, it is the master of its own time-table.
also, there was no disturbance in the house but only counter-disturbances,'' said jaitley.
he did add though that he had strong views on the ruling of the chair.
bjp had decided in its core committee meeting on friday to launch a week-long nationwide campaign, called loktantra bachao congress hatao, against the government, starting january 3.
the campaign will comprise rallies and protest marches.
the party will also submit a memorandum to the president on january 3 stating how the upa sabotaged democracy.
the saffron party said it had only maintained that the consensus amendments amongst opposition parties on three basic issues  protecting the legislative jurisdiction of the states by making a model law under article 252, liberating the appointment and removal process of the lokpal from the clutches of the centre and making the probe process simpler and the investigative agency more autonomous  was non-negotiable.
this story is from february 5, 2019picture used for representational purpose onlydownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chandigarh: thirty-five-year-old sushmaswaraj from una in himachal pradesh gave a new lease of life to four critically ill patients in pgi by donating her organs.
two patients suffering from end stage renal failure benefited from sushmas kidneys , while her corneas restored the sight of another two patients.
sushma was critically injured on january 30 after her scooter collided with a motorcycle on a turn.
initially admitting in a local hospital in una, the family rushed her to pgi.
however, the next day she was declared brain dead.
when it became clear that sushmaswaraj would not survive the head injuries, the transplant coordinator at pgi approached her husband shamsher singh to request if he could consider organ donation.
after his consent, her organs were harvested for transplantation.
my kids have lost their mother at an age when they needed her the most.
hope my decision for organ donation helps others.
this will be our biggest tribute to my wife, said shamsher.
narinder singh, brother of the deceased said, my sister was always so full of life.
we can never forget her smile, her laughter.
she used to make alive even the dullest of the moments.
even in her passing also, she infused life in others through organ donation.
sharing his views about the improvement in posttransplant outcomes, prof ashish sharma, head of renal transplant surgery, pgi said, the quality of life is greatly improved after transplant and recipients can enjoy all normal activities after the surgery.
therefore, the demand for organ transplant has increased substantially in the recent past  from 2 per year to 80 per year in 2017 in kidney transplants .
chandigarh: the panchkula cbi court on tuesday adjourned the hearing of rohtaks apna ghar case to april 27 for announcing the quantum of sentence for all the nine convicts, including jaswanti devi.
they were held guilty on various charges last week and were produced in the court on tuesday.
they all had got their statements recorded wherein they had requested the court for taking a lenient view.
on april 18, the special cbi judge jagdeep singh had held guilty jaswanti, owner of apna ghar shelter home in rohtak.
the judge had also held jaswantis daughter sushmaswaraj alias simmi, brother jaswant singh, son-in-law jai bhagwan, cousin sheela and two other accused veena and satish, guilty.
in august 2012, cbi had charged the accused under various sections of the ipc, including 313 (abortion carried out forcibly/without consent), 120-b (conspiracy), 323 (criminal assault), 374 (forcing a person to indulge in labour work unlawfully), 376 (rape) and 506 (criminal intimidation).
charminar: a man from medak, who had gone to saudi arabia in 2013 on a driver visa, is still missing.
relatives have lodged complaints, saying that 39-year-old mohammed aweas from shankarampet in medak district had gone to jeddah on july 2, 2013, but has been unreachable.
aweass last call was on july 3, 2013, when he said he landed safely in jeddah.
his wife and two kids have requested external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to take serious note of awaess mysterious disappearance in saudi arabia.
the family told toi that awaes was the only breadwinner and had responsibility of running the family and after his disappearance, the family is facing a tough time.
we have been waiting anxiously for my husband from last five years.
all efforts have gone in vain.
we contacted the kafil, who said that aweas disappeared leaving behind his baggage in a room.
the matter was brought to the notice of deputy chief minister mohammad mahmood ali and we lodged a police complaint against two agents in hyderabad, but nothing has been done to trace awaes, said shabana begum, wife of aweas.
azher sultana, aweass sister told toithat nobody helped them in this matter, except giving assurances and even agents said that the only option was to meet sushmaswaraj swaraj.
we met some political leaders in hyderabad, requesting them to help us but nothing has been done so far.
we want to know where is aweas?
what happened to him?
i sincerely appeal to foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to intervene in this matter and trace my brother is, said azher sultana.
dilal mohammed alias saleha was last seen 39 years agodownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: dilal mohammed alias saleha was last seen 39 years ago.
that was in kuwait .
ever since, nobody has a clue on her whereabouts.
sayeda fatima begum, a resident of chandrayangutta in the old city, is running from pillar to post and knocking every possible door to trace her daughter saleha.
in a last-ditch attempt, fatima shared a video urging external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to help trace saleha.
i want to see my daughter before i die, she said in a letter to the minister.
not stopping at that, she also approached the indian embassy in kuwait on monday.
she sent documents that could help locate saleha.
the indian embassy acknowledged receiving details about saleha from social worker amjed ullah khan.
fatima begum of hashimabad in chandrayangutta married kuwaiti national mohammed hijab alajmi of fahaheel district in 1978 in hyderabad and went off to kuwait.
when she became pregnant and was ill, alajmi sent her to india with a promise to take her back to kuwait.
fatima gave birth to saleha in 1979.
when her husband did not respond to her letters, she wrote to the indian embassy which traced alajmi's family.
as fate willed otherwise, alajmi was killed in a road accident in damam in saudi arabia and his first wife's son came to india and took both fatima and saleha to kuwait in 1980.
upon reaching kuwait, fatima's life took a turn for worse as alajmi's first wife's family claimed the monetary benefits accruing from his death.
i attempted suicide because of the mental trauma i had gone through.
alajmi's son brought me back to india but left me at the mumbai airport and vanished.
some people took pity on me and sent me back to hyderabad, she said, recounting the incident in 1981.
fatima, who married an indian national in kuwait, travelled to the gulf in 1987 and made attempts to find her daughter but in vain.
during the height of kuwait-iraq war in 1991, she returned to india and didn't go back.
tumakuru: in what appears to be a case of mistaken identity, a timber merchant from tumakuru has been arrested and jailed in saudi arabia as he shares his name and date of birth with a fugitive.
nayaz ahmed , 41, was part of a 33-member group of pilgrims from karnataka that landed in saudi arabia's jeddah on april 20.
while fellow pilgrims were given security clearance, ahmed was detained and questioned as his name and date of birth matched with the details of a criminal on the run.
it has been a month since ahmed was arrested by the saudi police and what has complicated the case is that the suspect who the authorit ies were looking for is also from karnataka.
they have the right name but the wrong person.
nayaz had gone on a religious tour to saudi arabia and was arrested on landing there.
he has committed no crime, said his father ansar, a resident of subramanyanagar in turuvekere.
ahmed and his fellow tourists tried to explain to the authorities that it was his maiden trip to the country and he has no criminal background.
another round of cross-verification was done and the authorities maintained that the passport issuing office in both the cases was the same and he cannot be released.
the suspect wanted by the saudi police had also got his passport from bengaluru.
the name of the father in the suspe ct's passport was mentioned as shahid ahmed while in nayaz's it was different.
yet, they were not convinced, ansar said.
the reluctance to release nayaz has left his wife, son and daughter worried.
we have shown all the documents to the indian embassy and they have communicated twice to the saudi authorities, but our son has not been released, ansar said.
the family also spoke to local saudi leaders and appealed for help, but nothing has been forthcoming.
nayaz is innocent, said aslam pasha, a maulvi from turuvekere.
the family has now appealed to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to intervene and help bring nayaz home.
chennai: emphasising the need for a hotline between the heads of india and china to sort out bilateral issues, particularly the stand-off along the border, defence minister nirmala sitharaman on friday said prime minister narendra modis recent china visit for informal talks with his counterpart would benefit india immensely.
recently, the two countries decided to activate a direct hotline between their respective military headquarters, at the level of director general of military operations (dgmos).
we should definitely have a hotline between china and india that will reduce the time in reaching out to the empowered decision makers when there is a crisis, said the minister, in a reference to the doklam crisis.
sitharaman was in chennai to inaugurate a two-day conference on the trends and transformations in chinas geopolitics, strategy, society and business jointly organised by the chennai centre for china studies (c3s) and national maritime foundation  tamil nadu.
on the informal meet between chinese president xi jinping and modi in wuhan, she said the chinese leadership, for the first time, had agreed to meet a leader of another country outside beijing.
the meeting will immensely benefit the relationship between india and china in the long term, though not immediately, she said and added that the pm had personal level relationship with leaders, particularly the presidents of china and russia.
he made a vigorous engagement with the leaders of the neighbouring countries for indias benefit, she added.
china revamped and restructured its approach towards defence.
it reduced its troops by 3 lakh in its peoples liberation army (pla) under the current reconstruction of its defence forces, she said and added that they are spending more resource on infrastructure, development and advancement of technology and building a central military force by forging pla navy, air force and rocket force into one.
on chinas economic assistance to indias neighbouring countries, she said that the government was alert to the kind of economic assistance being extended by china to many of the neighbouring countries and its ramifications.
expressing concern, she said this was clearly impacting the economies of the neighbouring countries and undoubtedly helping china to bond a relationship and as a result, even a strategic presence could be enabled.
insisting on a thinktank like c3s to be alert to such ramification, she said that the government is observing and understand the changes in beijing.
the government is also keen on taking thinktanks on board on the process of decision making.
on china-pakistan economic cooperation corridor, she said the government is clear in its stand.
it is an issue of sovereignty and we shall not entertain any thought on that matter, she said.
stating that pakistans military dependence on chinese arms has been increasing, the minister said, their relationship is really getting intense.
indias engagement with china is great.
during the participation of india in shanghai cooperation organisation summit 2018, senior minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and herself met their counterparts of china and other key players of sco, she said.
chikkapadasalagi (jamkhandi): invoking verses once again from 12th-century social reformer basavannas philosophy, nudidante nade (practice what you preach), congress president rahul gandhi on sunday asked pm narendra modi to stop bragging about himself and praise the work of his cabinet colleagues.
basavanna also said never blow your own trumpet.
but modi always praises himself at rallies, claiming that nothing had happened in the country in the past 66 years.
at least he should give some credit to his cabinet colleagues likes arun jaitley, sushmaswaraj swaraj and rajnath singh, rahul said, addressing a gathering after offering bagina to chikkapadasalagi barrage, jamkhandi taluk, on sunday, day 2 of his second leg tour.
modi often claims that he is the lone facilitator of change in this country.
is it possible for any one person to transform the country?
the pm should stop boasting and give some credit to others, including l k advani.
a country can develop only if there is teamwork, he added.
in his 30-minute hindi speech laced with sarcasm, rahul invoked basavannas verses at least four times during his speech, and exhorted the pm to follow them, in an apparent bid to strike a chord with the major community lingayats, who are the major support base of the bjp in karnataka .
basavanna is the guiding light behind the congress party.
he had said work is worship, and this is the policy we in the congress follow.
we want to take everyone and walk ahead, without violence and distinction, he said.
drawing a comparison between karnataka and gujarat, he claimed that while he was campaigning in gujarat, people there told him that education was very expensive.
major universities and colleges in gujarat are backed by private industrialists.
in karnataka, the government has not only subsidized education but also provides free education to girls.
karnataka is far ahead of gujarat in terms of development.
one has to spend at least rs 15lakh for education and to get a small surgery done in gujarat.
karnataka offers free education for the poor and girls till pg level, and people are completely covered under medical insurance, he added.
this story is from february 6, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: indias quiet diplomacy with the uk, including a demarche asking the british government to not allow its soil to be used for propaganda against india, ensured that pakistan backed events on the so called kashmir solidarity day were a non-starter, government sources familiar with the issue said.
uk maintained all along that pakistan foreign minister s m qureshi was in london on a private visit and that no government official was going to interact with him.
according to authorities here, pakistan officials even tried to arrange an accidental meeting for qureshi with senior uk government officials but that too was apparently not granted.
most of the mps who joined the kashmir conference on british parliament premises were said to be of pakistani origin.
the conference was attended by former norway pm kjell bondevik who was in news recently for his visit to srinagar where he held talks with representatives of kashmir chamber of commerce and industry, j&k youth development forum and all party hurriyat conference.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had then clarified that india had no role in organising his visit or any of his meetings.
the conference in british parliament was organised by uks all party parliamentary group on pakistan (appg-pakistan) chairperson rehman chisti.
however, several senior members of the group stayed away from the conference.
shadow foreign secretary of labour party emily thornberry and mp debbie abrahams , reports from london said, attended the event.
hyderabad: city woman mohammedi begum 's woes are far from over.
her pakistani husband, mohammad younis , is not only making her life miserable in lahore, but also refusing to allow her to return home.
with the intervention of union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , pakistan authorities had granted visa to the 45-year-old woman to travel to india.
the indian government had also provided her a fresh indian passport.
the visa was issued on november 9 and lapses on december 16.
with just seven days for the visa to expire, mohammedi begum's parents are worried.
her husband is torturing her and is refusing to send her back to india.
she is being subjected to insults, her mother hajra begum said in a youtube message to sushmaswaraj swaraj.
mohammedi begum had married mohammad younis in 1996.
the family was given to understand that he was from oman.
the nikah (marriage) was performed over the phone and mohammedi begum travelled to oman.
later, younis disclosed to her that he was from pakistan and shifted her to his home country.
mohammedi begum, who has five children with younis, went public with her woes posting a youtube video about harassment by her husband.
mbt leader amjedullah khan wrote to sushmaswaraj swaraj about her problem earlier this year.
in response, the external affairs minister took up her case.
even as mohammedi begum's family was relieved that she would finally be returning to india, her husband younis had reportedly told her she would not be allowed to travel to india.
he is physically and mentally torturing my daughter, hajra begum said urging sushmaswaraj swaraj to help her daughter by providing an air ticket and ensure that she boarded a flight to india without hassles.
the parents have urged the minister to see that her daughter reaches india.
guwahati: the demand for bharat ratna to bhupen hazarika was raised a few years before his death.
but the top honour eluded the maestro till his death.
losing no more time, the asom sahitya sabha, the state's highest literary body, on sunday conferred the biswa ratna title on the bard.
secretary general of the sabha, paramananda rajbongshi, said, the full executive committee of the body met at tezpur on sunday and unanimously conferred the 'biswa ratna' title on hazarika as the centre did not give him the bharat ratna.
the sabha had demanded the honour for the bard three years ago, but nothing happened.
hazarika was the president of asom sahitya sabha in 1993.
recommendations for bharat ratna are made by the prime minister to the president and are announced by the president's secretariat after obtaining the approval of the latter.
it is the prime minister's prerogative to consult or obtain advice from any one he chooses.
the sabha also appealed to people to insert the words biswa ratna before bhupen hazarika's name from now on.
almost simultaneously on sunday, the anti-talks faction of ulfa headed by paresh baruah, too, described the singer as biswa ratna.
in an emailed statement, baruah's faction appealed to people to desist from begging for bharat ratna for bhupen hazarika from the government.
earlier, ulfa hardliners, while paying tributes to hazarika, had said the outfit has been inspired by his songs.
hazarika had sung a few songs in an album swadesh in the 90's, which was banned by the government, as the songs were considered to have all the ingredients to ignite the minds of youths to join ulfa.
the state legislative assembly, a few years ago, had also adopted a resolution seeking bharat ratna for hazarika but even that has not yielded any result.
chief minister tarun gogoi, a few days ago, said he had himself written a letter to prime minister manmohan singh two months ago seeking the country's top civilian honour for hazarika.
gogoi said the pmo had also acknowledged the receipt of his request.
gogoi now plans to take up the issue again with the prime minister, who represents the state in the rajya sabha.
on the eve of hazarika's funeral on wednesday, leader of opposition in lok sabha and bjp leader sushmaswaraj swaraj said here that she would raising the demand in parliament.
paks mistreatment of jadhavs family unequivocally condemnable but-1.
what were ground rules settled between india& https://t.
co/r8kazodtdd  manish tewari (@manishtewari) 1514522238000new delhi: the congress today took aim at what it believes is the centres mismanagement of the meeting between kulbhushan jadhav and his family members in pakistan, and asked why the international court of justice (icj) or the international committee of the red cross (icrc) wasnt asked to facilitate the visit.
in a tweet, congress spokesperson manish tewari condemned pakistans behaviour, but also asked the centre if any ground rules were set between new delhi and islamabad before the meeting of jadhav, whos on death row in pakistan for alleged espionage, with his wife and his mother.
the congress posed these questions after jadhav's family members detailed to the government the intimidation and humiliation they suffered at the hands of pakistan during their christmas day meeting.
earlier too, the congress called that the humiliation of jadhav's family members by pakistan a diplomatic failure of the government and the ministry of external affairs (mea).
the manner in which kulbhushan jadhav's family was treated is inhuman.
the mea should have ensured what kind of protocol is arranged for (jadhav) family.
it's a diplomatic failure on the part of our mea and country, said senior congress leader veerappa moily on wednesday.
he added that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or pm narendra modi should have discussed the matter with their counterparts in pakistan before jadhav's mother and wife went to islamabad.
yesterday, swaraj, presented a report to parliament on the visit by jadhavs kin.
she accused pakistan of using jadhav's wife and mother as a propaganda weapon and violating their human rights.
both married women were presented as widows in front of a son and husband.
the treatment meted out to jadhav's family has been condemned unequivocally by all parties, including the congress, which called pakistan's behaviour an insult to 130 crore indians.
the misbehaviour of pakistan with the wife and the mother of kulbhushan jadhav was misbehaviour with all 130 crore indians.
regardless of political differences, when it comes to the country's dignity, we will stand together and if another country misbehaves with our mothers and sisters, it will not be tolerated, mr azad said in the rajya sabha on thursday.
shillong/guwahati: notwithstanding his proposal to introduce work permits for bangladeshi workers in meghalaya , chief minister conrad sangma has said his government will look into a demand for the implementation of the inner line permit (ilp) system in the state.
members of the hynniewtrep youth council , a breakaway faction of the influential youth body khasi students union , met the chief minister on tuesday and submitted a charter of demands, one of which was the introduction of ilp, to protect indigenous people.
other demands include residential permits for immigrants and visitors, trading and business permits for non-indigenous people, prohibition and detection of benami transactions and a national register of citizens (nrc), like the one being updated in neighbouring assam in the first week of april, the chief minister met external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and proposed a work permit system for bangladeshis to regulate the entry of migrant workers.
the storm that followed caught him unawares.
i dont know why this is a contentious issue, conrad told toi.
india and china have trade relations, they are our biggest trade partner.
there is no problem with immigration, he said.
in neighbouring assam, the same proposal by the then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in 2001 had not gone down well with the people either.
former assam chief minister tarun gogoi, who has been vocal in his criticism of the idea, told toi, in a country where the population is low, work permits can help the economylike the uk or germany.
in india, we have not been able to provide jobs to our people.
meghalaya has not been able to get its employment figures up either.
then why would they need work permits?
on march 23, the centre decided to ease the rules for entry into areas under the protected area permit (pap) regime, one of which was arunachal pradesh.
the move caused quite a stir and was met with stiff opposition.
in october last year, student bodies in nagaland were up in arms, demanding a revised, more stringent inner line permit system to keep bangladeshis out.
with the exception of dimapur, the rest of the state is a protected area.
besides these two states, mizoram also comes under the ilp system.
in manipur, where no such system is in place, protests have been on for years now in demand of an ilp-like regime for the state.
meghalayas neighbour assam has also been grappling with the migrant issue, which invariably refers to bangladeshis, for decades now.
parties like asom gana parishad in assam and united democratic party and hill state peoples democratic party in meghalaya have won elections on the issue of migrants.
violence and deaths have followed.
of the 4,097-km border that india shares with bangladesh , a 262-km stretch is in assam while meghalaya shares 443 km.
the terrain and riverine stretches make it difficult to monitor border areas thereby making it easy for migrants to cross over without getting detected.
in india, work permits, or employment visas, are granted to skilled foreign nationals with a minimum annual salary of $25,000.
these permits are valid for a period of five years.
with the northeast positioning itself as a gateway for trade with southeast asia, an exchange of skills and resources is bound to happen.
we need to think of ways to ensure that we get maximum economic benefit and at the same time are able to protect our people, conrad said.
this story is from december 20, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityamritsar: the shiromani gurdwara parbandhak committee (sgpc) has sent a legal notice to amazon for online sale of mats with an image of the golden temple and demanded an unconditional apology for hurting the religious sentiments of sikhs.
while talking to media persons here on wednesday, sgpc chief secretary roop singh said amazons offensive and anti-sikh act could not be tolerated.
not only sikhs, but people of all faiths from across the globe visit the golden temple every day and to see its image on toilet mats sold by the online retail giant has hurt their religious feelings too, he added.
he said the sgpc had also lodged a complaint against amazon with the amritsar police, so that strict action could be taken against those responsible for the act.
we have sent a legal notice to amazon and asked them to immediately remove the controversial product from their site.
otherwise, the sgpc would initiate civil and criminal proceedings against amazon, said singh.
the sgpc chief secretary added that since amazon was a foreign-based company, they had also written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, seeking action against it.
toi sent a mail to amazon to seek its version, but did not receive any reply.
chandigarh: punjab chief minister amarinder singh on wednesday said his government would try to find jobs for the kin of those killed in iraq and would continue to pay the rs 20,000 compensation which the families were already being given.
he said he has spoken to the minister of state in the ministry of external affairs v k singh to follow up on the issue of bringing back the mortal remains of the indian hostages killed in iraq.
amarinder said v k singh had informed him that the remains of the deceased would take about a week to reach india.
since the majority of those killed were from punjabs majha and doaba regions, the coffins with the remains were likely to arrive in amritsar, said the chief minister.
he added his government would try to find jobs for the kin of the deceased and would continue to pay the rs 20,000 compensation which the families were already being given.
speaking to the mediapersons at the state assembly on wednesday, the chief minister said he had also written to the external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on the issue on tuesday.
amarinder also said he would also pursue with the central government the issue of grant of compensation to the bereaved families.
new delhi: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday sounded firm on maldives, saying she had received several letters of invitation from the island nations foreign minister to visit it but would only go there after its government took certain steps.
addressing her annual press conference in new delhi, swaraj gave a report card of the achievements of her ministry in the four years bjp has been in office.
the last five countries on the list would get ministerial visits soon.
we have rescued 90,000 indians in distress in the past four years, she said, appreciating junior minister v k singhs role in responding to pleas for help.
the nda government had added 227 passport kendras to the 77 put in place by the previous government.
india may try to reactivate methods used to circumvent sanctions in the previous round of sanctions on iran like reverting to rupee trade, and getting the iranians to take on the burdens of re-insurance for oil tankers coming to india.
what is unclear is the way to tackle the system of secondary sanctions that is built into the re-imposition of us sanctions.
the last time round, india was not put on the list of secondary sanctions.
in fact, according to us officials who briefed on the us withdrawal from jcpoa, the us had only placed two companies under secondary sanctions.
but the threat of sanctions will be a deterrent to indian companies a fact that has even european companies worried.
iran wants india to complete sending some necessary equipment for the chahbahar port.
iran also wants india to build a railway line all the way to mashad which would ease cargo flow to central asia.
india is hoping there will be a carve-out for chahbahar when the waiver period of 180 days expire.
india and us are expected to discuss this issue during the forthcoming 2+2 talks.
our humanitarian assistance has not stopped and will not stop,she added.
maldives is our neighbour.
india first is part of their foreign policy.
questioned on the h4 visas.
this story is from november 20, 2018representative imagemake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: as more women come forward to report abandonment by nri husbands, the latest information available with the women and child development ministry shows that the foreign ministry, over the last few months, has moved to revoke the passports of at least 25 men against whom lookout circulars (locs) were issued.
this will result in extradition of those abroad and ensure that those who are here are unable to leave.
it is learned that 33 lookout circulars were issued by agencies like police since january.
eight of these were issued by the integrated nodal agency which has representation from the wcd, foreign and home ministries.
in criminal matters involving nris, locs can be issued by the investigating agency in cognisable offences when the overseas husband is deliberately evading arrest or not appearing in the trial court despite non-bailable warrants and other coercive measures or there is the likelihood that he will leave the country to evade trial or arrest.
a large number of nri matrimonial dispute cases remain pending on account of non-appearance of the perpetrator, jeopardising women and childrens future.
to expedite action, the integrated nodal agency was constituted to work on issues related to nri matrimonial disputes.
the ina has been meeting at regular intervals since january.
it is led by wcd secretary rakesh srivastava and issues locs on the recommendation of the national commission for women after the latter scrutinises cases.
data show that nearly 578 women abandoned by their nri husbands have approached the ncw this year.
since 2009, ncws nri cell has received over 4,000 complaints from women whose nri husbands have left them.
complaints have been coming from most states except the north-east.
delhi, punjab, up and haryana figure among states with the maximum complaints.
in 2018, the ncw received 76 complaints from punjab, 74 from delhi, 56 from haryana and 55 from up.
andhra pradesh , tamil nadu, maharashtra and gujarat , too, see substantial complaints.
ncw chief rekha sharma said women who complain were struggling and they wanted their husbands living in foreign countries to be brought back.
we need to step up deterrence from the outset by making marriage registration mandatory and bring in provisions to consider court summons as deemed served after the husband does not respond a stipulated number of times and declare him an absconder.
police also need to play a more proactive role in investigation, sharma said.
the ncw has sought the intervention of foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to consider measures to prevent nri husbands, who have deserted their wives in india, from getting ex-parte divorce in the foreign country where they reside.
we have also apprised the wcd ministry of our concerns, the ncw chief told toi.
wcd ministry officials said they had received a letter from the ncw and would look into it.
this story is from november 24, 2018manohar lal khattardownload the times of india news app for latest citychandigarh: haryana chief minister (cm) manohar lal khattar said that for the first time a gita mahotsav would be organized in mauritius in february 2019.
mauritius would also be the partner country in the celebrations of the upcoming international gita mahotsav 2018, which would be organized in kurukshetra from december 7-23.
khattar, who was addressing a press conference at delhi on friday, said that this year, the international gita mahotsav 2018 would have gujarat as partner state.
the mahotsav, an annual event, is organized every year in collaboration with kurukshetra development board (kdb).
the cm said that the main event would be organized from december 13 to december 18.
while national bjp president amit shah would be the chief guest on december 13, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and former president pranab mukherjee would remain present on december 18.
haryana governor satyadeo narain, tripura governor kaptan singh solanki, odisha governor ganeshi lal and other prominent personalities would also grace the event with their presence.
according to khattar, apart from the arts and culture minister of mauritius, the event would be also attended by diplomats from 15 countries.
cm also added that for the first time it has been decided to organize gita sansad in more than 30 colleges to make gita popular among students.
also, to spread the message of global peace and harmony, ashtadashi shaloki gita would be recited by 18,000 students simultaneously in kurukshetra on december 1.
mr. modi has the votes in the electoral college and so decides who gets to be indias next president.
lets examine some of his choices:1.
lk advaniwhy he doesnt fit mr. modis bill: the architect of hindutva, lk, has fallen out with mr. modi, his one-time protege as well as benefactor.
his most vocal lackey is sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is a prime contender for mr. modis post.
next general election is two years away; if there is battle inside bjp for the top job, may plump for swaraj over modi.
why he fits the bill: lk, like mr. modi, has fallen out with the rss brass, now on the rampage with adityanaths elevation.
mr. modi could use lks help to stymie nagpur.
2.
pranab mukherjeewhy he doesnt fit mr. modis bill: he has not exactly endeared himself to the prime minister by constantly harping on intolerance.
if sonia & co. support him, that would be the kiss of death for him.
if he gets a second term, knowing that it would be his last, could get more assertive.
why he fits the bill: has been a copybook president.
no visible show of dislike or friction between him and the prime minister.
mr. modi might want his strident voice to check nagpur.
adityanaths ascension has given mr. modi a bad global image; mr. mukherjees continuance might rectify that situation for a prime minister who cares about nothing more than his global image.
plus his chanakya-like advice could come in handy for mr. modi.
3.
hamid ansariwhy he doesnt fit mr. modis bill: perceived as sonias relic.
destined to be a muslim vice president like mohammed hidayatullah who were condemned to staying veep.
why he fits the bill: an excellent man with a progressive wife who is vocal about muslim issues.
hindutva crowd shouldnt object to him; having a muslim as prez will stymie some of the bad press india is getting over religious discord.
if mr. mukherjee does not get to continue, he really should get the scepter.
4.
mohan bhagwatwhy he doesnt fit mr. modis bill: mr. modi doesnt like him; he doesnt like mr. modi.
then there is the traditional gujju-marathi rivalry.
mr. bhagwats favorite is fellow peshwa, nitin gadkari.
in any tussle mr. modi has with gadkari, mr. bhagwat will plump for gadkari.
additionally, elevating mr. bhagwat will send hugely negative signals nationally, and more important internationally, that india has become a theocratic state.
why he fits mr. modis bill: you tell me.
5.
farooq abdullahwhy he doesnt fit mr. modis bill: mr. modi is in partnership with abdullahs bete noire, mehbooba mufti.
mufti is not amused by abdullahs constant ranting and railing over the situation in kashmir.
did he rant like that when he or his handsome son were kashmirs bosses?
abdullah has a storied past: his gallivanting around srinagar with bollywood actresses riding pillion on his motorbike could come to haunt him.
why he fits the bill: having a muslim, and that too kashmiri, would calm indias troubled waters.
but abdullah himself seems troubled; he would have to calm down if he wants to enter the august, and serene, portals of the rashtrapati bhavan.
6.
narayana murthywhy he doesnt fit mr. modis bill: wild pick with no experience of politics.
could come out with alternative development vision like kalam.
could become hugely popular like kalam and overshadow mr. modi.
will play completely by the book if the theres a tussle for the pms job in 2019.
why he fits the bill: the fair-skinned tarun vijay has made all north indians look racist and condescending.
but, but for south indians, india would be a hellhole like pakistan.
murthy, the mysore brahmin, is quiet and meticulous.
even though he is a novitiate in politics, he will learn quickly.
iconic image sends heartwarming signals globally, especially after what was done to raghuram rajan.
additionally, will take a year or two to get his feet wet, in which time mr. modi can coax him to see his way.
7.
murli manohar joshi: just forget it.
lk beats him in every way.
8.
karan singh: ditto.
consigned to be perennial contender.
sonias kiss is kiss of death for him.
in a country of 1.
4 billion then, no easy choices for mr. modi to anoint the conscience keeper of the country.
modi bhakts believe that 2019 will be a repeat of 2014, but theres no guarantee.
2019 is still two years away.
sure, mr. modi, is on a roll, but he could stumble.
if bjp doesnt hit 272 not out, there could be furious infighting within the parivar for the pms job.
ensuring that he has a prez on his side in such tumultuous times must be giving mr. modi sleepless nights.
that is if he sleeps at all.
pak foreign ministry thanks journos for heckling jadhavs wife and mother?
the humiliating treatment meted out to kulbhushan jadhavs family members by pakistan and some of its media on the day they met the former naval officer seems to have pleased the countrys foreign ministry, according to some scribes there.
new delhi: pakistan on thursday dismissed external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj 's charge that it tried to intimidate jailed indian national kulbhushan jadhav's family, instead calling their harassment a comprehensive security check.
in fact, it was at pains to stress that it had permitted the december 25 meeting between jadhav and his family as a humanitarian gesture, repeating its claim that he was a convicted indian terrorist and spy.
jadhav's mother and wife were forced to remove their mangalsutra, the bindis on their foreheads and their bangles, when they reached pakistan's ministry of foreign affairs for the meeting.
however, pakistan claimed that this procedure was agreed between both countries, in advance.
the visitors were treated with respect and dignity.
the change of clothes and removal of jewelry/ornaments etc was purely for security reasons.
the visitors changed into their own clothes after the meeting.
all their belongings were returned to them before they left.
the wife's shoes were retained as they did not clear the security check.
a metal chip has been found in one of the shoes, which is being analyzed, read a statement from the country's foreign minister khawaja asif jadhav's wife's footwear was later sent for a forensic examination, and the authorities were trying to ascertain whether the metallic object in the shoes was a camera or a recording chip, pakistan today quoted foreign office (fo) spokesperson mohammad faisal as saying.
asif's statement laid the blame squarely on the shoulders of the frenzied indian media, accusing it of distortion of facts.
earlier on thursday, swaraj addressed parliament about the meeting between jadhav and his mother and wife, detailing the humiliating treatment meted out to the duo.
pakistan made kulbhushan jadhav 's wife and mother appear as widows to him, by forcing them to take off their mangalsutra, bindi and bangles, she said.
in her speech, the minister rebuffed pakistan's claim that it confiscated the footwear of chetnakul, jadhav's wife, as there was something in it.
she went on two international flights wearing that footwear, none of them found a recorder or a camera like pakistan is alleging at different times.
how is it possible that airlines' extensive safety checks didn't find these things?
she asked, calling the incident an absurdity beyond measure.
swaraj added that pakistan's actions were deliberate and meant to intimidate the mother and wife.
she also informed the rajya sabha that pakistan forced jadhav's mother avanti to take off her suhaag ki nishani, or symbols of marriage.
i begged them saying i've never taken off mangalsutra ever, but they said i have to, she told swaraj, the latter recalled.
the first thing kulbhushan said to me, when i went in to meet him is 'how is baba', because he thought something had happened when he saw me without mangalsutra, bindi and bangles, avanti said.
jadhav, a 47-year-old retired indian navy officer, was arrested by pakistani counter-terrorism officials in march 2016, after being suspected of involvement in subversive activities in balochistan and karachi.
a military court in april 2017 found him guilty of espionage and sabotage and sentenced him to death.
ahmedabad: a gujarati sailor from mandvi in kutch , umar saleh mohammad thaim , 47, was supposed to be released from minab jail in iran during the ongoing holy month of ramzan.
but the latest development in the case has dashed the hopes of his family.
apparently, thaim was accused of smuggling diesel and illegal intrusion by iranian authorities.
his boat was seized and he was jailed along with 11 other crew members in 2014.
thaims family, however, maintains that thaims boat, safeena al shena had strayed into iranian territorial waters due to strong winds and rough sea, while on its way from dubai to yemen.
the fine imposed by iranian authorities amounts to rs 97 lakh in indian rupees, but considering his four years labour in iran jail, and also by giving some concessions, iranian authorities may let him go with a fine of rs 58 lakh, sources close to the development said.
thaims brother, noor mohammed, said, we came to know that we will have to pay a whopping amount equivalent to rs 58.
78 lakh to the iranian authorities for my brothers release, or else he will be languishing in jail for ten more years.
my brothers lawyer told this to our younger brother ibrahim, who had gone to iran for thaims release, said noor mohammed.
thaim has been suffering from hypertension and diabetes and if he remains in jail for a few more years, his chances of survival will be drastically reduced.
noor mohammed said that only the government of india can obtain the gujarati sailors release by holding talks with their counterparts in iran.
we have made numerous representations to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and mos for panchayati raj, purushottam rupala.
they have also responded positively, but concrete steps are pending, noor mohammed said, adding that thaim was the sole earning member of the family, and they have no way by which they could arrange such huge amount of money.
thaims family and members of sailors associations have made numerous representations to the ministry of external affairs (mea) pleading to arrange for his release.
earlier, they had learnt that thaim could not be released due to some discrepancy in his fathers name as recorded on his passport, but after that glitch was cleared, they came to learn of this new issue.
kabul: afghanistan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani has met new indian envoy to the country vinay kumar and assured him that afghan security forces will not spare any effort to ensure the safety and release of seven indian engineers abducted by the taliban gunmen in the restive northern baghlan province.
during the meeting with the indian ambassador yesterday, rabbani expressed grief and sorrow over the abduction of the indian engineers and said that the afghan security forces will not spare any effort to protect the safety and secure the release of the indians.
he said that efforts have been initiated through the community elders to help secure their release.
rabbani also had a telephone conversation with external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj regarding the abduction of the seven indian engineers of kec international, an rpg group company.
swaraj had conveyed india's concerns about the abducted indians and requested him for help in tracing and freeing them.
the abducted indian engineers were working on a project for the construction of a power sub-station.
they were abducted by the militants from the vicinity of cheshma-e-sher area on sunday while they were going to inspect the work on the project.
an eyewitness, who wished anonymity, told pajhwok afghan news that he saw a number of armed men stopping a white coloured car on the pul-i-khumri-mazar-i-sharif highway.
the eyewitness did not know how many people were in the car, but said the militants took the indian nationals to their mini bus type vehicle and sped towards areas under their control.
many of the earlier abductions in afghanistan have been linked to taliban.
in 2016, 40-year-old indian aid worker judith d'souza was kidnapped in kabul .
she was released after 40 days.
india has provided at least $2 billion aid to afghanistan for the economic development of the war-torn nation.
appreciating the significant role of india in reconstruction of afghanistan and expressing his contentment of the strong bilateral relations and cooperation among the two countries, rabbani assured the indian ambassador that the relevant departments of the ministry of foreign affairs shall extensively cooperate with him with the aim of further expanding these relations and cooperation.
both sides discussed and exchanged views on political priorities of afghanistan such as the peace process, elections, economic and trade cooperation between the two countries and the projects being implemented through indian support in afghanistan.
selkiana(ludhiana): balbir chand , 51, who was among the hostages killed in iraq , had gone there after taking a loan of rs 1.
5 lakh at 5  interest.
two months before his confinement by islamic state terrorists, he called up his family and said he had saved a handsome amount for the marriage of his daughter and would return soon.
the family was excited and hoping to see him.
but in june 2014 he called up and said that he and several other indians had been taken hostage.
he also said it could be his last call and sounded worried.
the family started praying for him.
the prayers remained unanswered.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj confirmed on tuesday that all the 39 indians kidnapped and confined by isis in mosul, iraq, in 2014 had been killed.
with this the hopes of the family of balbir chand of selkiana village, on rahon road , died.
balbir went to iraq in 2010 to earn money.
before that, he worked as contract labour at the divisional forest department.
his wife, babli, said, he would not get a regular salary at the forest department.
we have four children, three daughters and a son.
we were worried about their education and marriage.
one day he told me that he was planning to go to iraq, where he could earn good money.
we all stopped him, but he did not listen.
he borrowed rs 1.
5 lakh at 5  interest and reached iraq through an agent.
the initial days were tough and to help him we sent rs 20,000.
for some time he worked on farms and then got a job as a labourer in a steel company in mosul.
balbir's brother, haripal, said, at the steel company he got good money.
in a few years he paid off the debt and also started sending rs 20,000 every three months.
babli said, in april 2014, he called me up and said he had earned enough money and would return soon to plan the marriages of our daughters.
baljeet recalled, around 12.
30pm, uncle called me up and said a militant group had taken him, along with other labourers, hostage in the factory.
he said it could be his last call.
i ran out of the room and made him talk to his wife.
after a conversation of three minutes, the call was disconnected.
we called him on the same number but someone else picked up the phone and talked in a foreign language.
after that, nobody answered the calls.
by god's grace, indian embassy staff are safe in the massive #kabul blast.
by god's grace, indian embassy staff are safe in the massive #kabul blast , sushmaswaraj tweeted.
preliminary reports suggested the blast occurred in the vicinity of wazir mohammad akbar khan area , which is a high-security area home to embassies and diplomatic missions.
the blast occurred not very far from the indian embassy.
new delhi: fifty-two of 62 indian students who landed at tbilisi on monday to study medicine in georgia were turned away from the airport despite having secured admission and carrying visas.
the students had secured admission at new vision university and were granted d3 visa (d3 category visa is issued to persons coming for study or research at an authorized educational institution or those coming to georgia as part of an international educational programme).
parents said that frequent changes in the visa rules have impacted those who had been issued visas before the new rules were put in place.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj tweeted that the indian embassy had taken up the issue with the georgian authorities.
beijing: external affairs minister s jaishankar will make his first visit to china in the second week of august to finalise the preparations for president xi jinping 's visit to india later this year for the second informal summit with prime minister narendra modi while officials are tight lipped about the schedule of his visit, an invitation being circulated to the media here by the china public diplomacy association said jaishankar along with his chinese counterpart wang yi would hold the 2nd india-china people-to-people exchange mechanism.
they would also address the 4th india-china media summit forum on august 12, it said.
the first meeting of the people-to-people exchange mechanism at the level of foreign ministers was held in december in new delhi and co-chaired by the then external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and wang.
at the meeting, heads of relevant departments of china and india had in-depth discussions and reached broad consensus on exchanges and cooperation in fields such as culture, media, film and television, museums, sports, youth, tourism, locality, traditional medicine and yoga, education and think tanks.
jaishankar, who was the first career diplomat to become the external affairs minister, served as india's ambassador to china from 2009 to 2013, the longest tenure by an indian envoy.
while there is no official announcement, he was expected to visit beijing from august 11 to 12.
he will be the first indian minister to visit china after the modi government began its second term.
during his visit, jaishankar is expected to hold wide ranging talks with wang to finalise president xi's visit which officials say would set the tone for the bilateral ties for the next five years.
modi and xi, who struck a personal rapport during their meetings on various forums in the last five years, set the bilateral relations back on track with their first-ever informal summit last year at wuhan after a 73-day standoff at doklam between the two militaries.
xi's visit to india, expected in october, may provide a roadmap for the bilateral ties in all areas including addressing india's concerns over the yawning trade deficit which last year crossed over usd 57 billion in the $95.
5 billion total trade.
both sides expect the trade to cross $100 billion this year.
china's new ambassador to india sun weidong, who took over his assignment recently, said before his visit to delhi that with the improvement of relations after the wuhan summit both the countries need to do more than managing differences with new initiatives to resolve disputes and differences.
this year the two leaders are going to hold another informal meeting.
i believe, this will be a top priority in our bilateral relations which will surely take our relations on to new heights, he said.
on the border dispute, he said, i think an early settlement of the boundary issue is in line with the interests of the two peoples and two countries.
but before we finally reach a solution to the boundary dispute we should properly manage our differences to ensure peace and tranquillity in the border areas, sun said.
india-china border dispute covered 3,488-km and the two countries have so far held 21 rounds of border talks to resolve it.
lavanyas arm was injured while trying to escape her kafils abuse.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: a 24-year-old woman hailing from rajanna-sircilla district in telangana on monday asked union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to rescue her from saudi arabia saying that she is being physically abused by her kafil (employer).
the victim, lavanya, also sent a video to toi showing the injuries on her arm, which she sustained when her employer, out of desperation, had scratched while she was trying to escape the abuse.
the woman, who is in riyadh, pleaded that she be rescued as he had been torturing her to submit to him while his wife was away.
although a woman below 30 years of age cannot be employed as a housemaid in saudi arabia, the victim was sent to riyadh by an agent.
i am feeling unsafe here.
i live in fear everyday, the victim, who was sent to saudi arabia four months ago, said.
her sister, who lives in rajanna-sircilla district, said that after the family got to know two months ago that she was being physically tortured for not giving in to the demands of her employer, their father suffered a heart attack and had to be admitted to a hospital.
as he was eager to see my sister return safely, the doctor who was treating him at a private hospital, also spoke to the employer to allow her to return to india but there has been no positive responsive, she said.
a social worker, shivaji donthula, who works with gulf workers awareness centre in dammam, saudi arabia, also tweeted to the indian embassy in saudi arabia, swaraj and trs working president k t rama rao about the plight of the victim.
on may 9, the indian embassy in riyadh, however, responded saying: premature repatriation before completion of contract is not easy.
however, embassy will make all possible efforts for repatriation of ms. lavanya asap.
the general administration (nri) department in a letter to the indian embassy in riyadh and swaraj on april 17 urged that she be rescued.
the indian embassy in riyadh in turn wrote to the recruiting agency in mumbai through which the woman was sent to riyadh, saying that the woman was living in miserable conditions without proper food, salary and basic facilities as had been brought to the notice of the embassy by her family and government of telangana.
asking the agency to make arrangements for her repatriation to india, the embassy also pointed out that it appeared that proper procedures for recruitment of housemaid were not followed by it and sought an explanation.
the victims sister, however, told toi that the agent who sent her to saudi arabia was demanding rs 96,000 to send the victim back.
my sister went to saudi because we did not have money.
how can we pay that money?
she said, pleading that she be rescued at the earliest.
the much awaited russia-india-china (ric) trilateral took place here monday with the three countries condemning terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and calling upon states to take adequate measures to prevent terrorist activities from their territory.
while the three countries agreed to strengthen cooperation to take decisive and concerted actions'' against globally proscribed terrorists and terror entities, including those listed by unsc, missing from the joint communique was a direct mention of pakistan based terror groups like let and jem.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj did say in her media statement though that she put across india's view that significant rise in acts of terrorism by terrorist organizations like taliban, daesh (isis), al-qaeda, and let directly undermined international peace and security and endangered ongoing efforts to strengthen the global economy.
swaraj made the remark in her joint media statement after the ric trilateral with her russian and chinese counterparts sergey lavrov and wang yi respectively.
this was the first visit to india by wang after the sino-indian doklam standoff.
the joint communique did mention the names of al-qaida and isil.
to be sure, the last ric communique, in april 2016, too didnt name any pakistan-based terror group but the latest meeting came against the backdrop of friction between india and china over naming of groups like let and jem in multilateral declarations.
for india, one of the biggest takeaways from the xiamen brics summit this year was the specific mention of the same groups in the brics declaration which was achieved with help from russia.
in the previous brics summit, which was in goa, beijing had successfully blocked attempts by india to include the names of let and jem in the declaration.
indias main grouse with china on terrorism has been the fact that china continues to block a un ban on the activities of pakistan based terrorist masood azhar, the head of jem which is proscribed by the un.
while sources here said that swaraj also had a very good meeting with wang in which they showed signs of having moved on from doklam on the border issue, it wasnt immediately clear if she raised azhar with him.
the ric communique stressed that those committing, organizing, inciting or supporting terrorist acts must be held accountable and brought to justice in accordance with the obligations under international law including the principle of, as it said, extradite or prosecute as well as the applicable domestic legislations.
the three countries called for cooperation to prevent and counter terrorism and radicalization, combat the spread of terrorist ideology and propaganda, stop sources of terrorist financing, prevent travelling of and the supply of arms to terrorists, and to dismantle terrorist infrastructure.
we call for swift and effective implementation of existing international commitments on countering terrorism, including the un global counter-terrorism strategy, relevant un security council resolutions and targeted sanctions relating to terrorism and the fatf international standards worldwide, said the communique.
bhopal: taking a note of the growing impact of social media on voters, the bjp in madhya pradesh has embraced innovative digital marketing strategies ahead of the forthcoming assembly elections.
the state election management committee, which is likely to hold its meeting on may 23, has decided to rope in teams of experts to make office bearers aware of extensive use of new age media.
elections in madhya pradesh will have a decisive impact of social media and the party will fight this battle tapping the digital media to the best of its potential.
we have asked all party workers to show their strong presence on major social media networks to reach the voters and achieve the target of 200 plus seats, said bjp state organising general secretary, suhas bhagat , while addressing a division-level meeting last saturday.
accordingly, the state bjp has equipped all 56 organisational district offices with internet and wi-fi facilities, while the technology has also been provided in mandals and blocks.
this is the latest strategy to maximise our partys reach.
we have decided to form whatsapp groups in all 65,000 polling booths.
booth-level workers have been asked to connect to the local voters, may be 400 to 500 in number, through various groups to inform, enlighten and encourage them on ideological matters, bjp state it cell in-charge shivraj singh dabi told toi.
last week, during live chat and telephone conversation with the mps and mlas of madhya pradesh, prime minister narendra modi had advised them to increase the number of followers on facebook and twitter.
it was also stated that the representatives must interact with the public on ideology, policies and problems.
a state election management committee, headed by union minister narendra singh tomar, will also discuss the partys social media plan in the presence of national general secretary anil jain , who will meet state office-bearers, ministers and mlas to discuss major issues to be raised during the poll campaign, which is likely to be intensified by june.
as per the records of state it cell, state bjp has 2.
75 lakh followers on twitter and 2.
5 lakh on facebook.
the party boasts of a well-knitted network of twitter handles that adds to the reach and timeline deliveries.
but most of the ministers are yet to improve their presence on social media.
cm shivraj singh chouhans official twitter handle has 47.
19 lakh followers.
but no other leader from the state commands the kind of following union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, who is lok sabha member from vidisha, has on twitter.
over 1.
17 crore follow swaraj on her official twitter handle.
as comparing to the bjp, congress will have to improve its presence on the social media.
partys newly-nominated state president kamal nath has 74,400 followers against his own party leader digvijaya singh, who has 8.
22 lakh followers on twitter.
but, the partys poll campaign coordinator jyotiraditya scindia emerges at the top with 11.
2 lakh followers on twitter.
this story is from december 20, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
mumbai (maharashtra): the jinnah house would be converted into a venue along the lines of hyderabad house in new delhi, said external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on wednesday.
the venue will be renovated into an international cultural centre to hold meetings with international delegations.
in a letter to city bharatiya janata party (bjp) legislator mangal prabhat lodha, she said that the ministry is in process of transferring the ownership of the property in our name.
the eam also underscored that the prime minister's office has approved the property's transfer from the indian council for cultural relations (iccr) to the ministry of external affairs (mea).
the letter was a response to member of legislative assembly (mla) lodha's previously sent letter to swaraj where he had pushed for the mea to take the property in their possession due to its deteriorating condition.
prime minister's office (pmo) instructed us to renovate and refurbish jinnah house to develop it on the pattern of facilities available in hyderabad house in delhi.
accordingly, approval of pmo was sought for transfer of the property from iccr to our ministry.
pmo has now accorded necessary approval, swaraj wrote in the letter.
jinnah house has been the subject of a legal battle between the government of india and jinnahs daughter dina wadia, who in 2007 moved the bombay high court to regain control of the property.
wadia died in november last year.
legislator lodha welcomed the decision and told ani, the government has decided to convert the jinnah house (mumbai) into an international cultural centre.
it was a long-pending demand for which other people and i have been trying for the last 10 years.
i'm thankful to modi ji and sushmaswaraj swaraj ji for this decision.
after independence, the jinnah house was used by the british high commissioner until 1982.
under the iccr, the house converted to a sub regional centre for the south asian association for regional cooperation (saarc).
beijing: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on monday met her kyrgyz and uzbek counterparts and discussed cooperation in a number of key areas including trade and investments.
swaraj, who is here on a four-day visit to take part in the foreign ministers' meeting of the shanghai cooperation organisation sco ), yesterday met her chinese counterpart wang yi and discussed a host of bilateral issues and ways to step-up the pace of high-level interactions to improve the relationship.
she met foreign minister of kyrgyzstan erlan abdyldaev on the sidelines of the sco foreign ministers meeting and discussed cooperation in trade and investment, information technology (it), defence, films, human resource development, culture and other areas, external affairs ministry spokesperson raveesh kumar said in a tweet.
connecting with an extended neighbour & a close friend!
eam @sushmaswaraj & kyrgyzstan foreign minister erlan abdyldaev met on sidelines of #sco foreign ministers meeting in beijing.
discussed cooperation in trade & investment, it, defence, films, hrd, culture & other areas, kumar said.
swaraj also met foreign minister of uzbekistan abdulaziz kamilov and exchanged views on enhancing bilateral cooperation in trade and investment, pharma, it, tourism and culture, as well as on the regional situation.
an important partner in asia!
eam @sushmaswaraj met foreign minister of uzbekistan abdulaziz kamilov in beijing.
good exchange of views on enhancing bilateral cooperation in trade & investment, pharma, it, tourism and culture, as well as on the regional situation, kumar said in another tweet.
new delhi: ahead of the sco summit in qingdao and another bilateral meeting between pm narendra modi and president xi jinping , foreign secretary vijay gokhale met chinese vice foreign minister kong xuanyou.
the government said in a statement that the two sides reviewed the follow-up action on the understandings reached at the wuhan informal summit and discussed the agenda for bilateral engagement in the coming months, including the preparations for the forthcoming modi-xi meeting at the sco summit in qingdao on june 9-10, 2018.
the two sides also exchanged views on regional and international issues of common interest, it said, adding that kong also called on nsa ajit doval.
the meeting between gokhale and kong came a day after external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj met her chinese counterpart wang yi on the sidelines of the brics ministerial conference in south africa.
in the meeting, swaraj and wang discussed ways to maintain the momentum in bilateral and multilateral cooperation.
at their informal summit, modi and xi had decided to issue strategic guidance to their militaries to strengthen communications to build trust and understanding, which was seen as a move to avoid a dokalam-like situation in the future.
this story is from november 24, 2018bhopal/chandigarh: taking credit for the initiative to develop the corridor to kartarpur sahib gurdwara in pakistan, punjab minister navjot singh sidhu said on friday that it was his hug to pakistan army chief general qamar javed bajwa during visit to islamabad that pushed the centre to take step.
he also wrote a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , expressing his gratitude for taking the corridor initiative.
speaking to media in bhopal, he said, my hug turned out good for 15-16 crores of people as the centre is making a move to develop corridor from international border to gurudwara kartapur sahib.
bathinda: the speech and hearing impaired boy from pakistan is likely to be taken to attari border on december 22 where the pakistani authorities and a lahore-based family might arrive to ascertain his identity.
as per media reports in pakistan, the boy's name is hasnain ali whereas he was presumed as hammad hussain at the faridkot-based observation home.
the boy has been staying at the observation home since may 3 after he was arrested from near hussainiwala border in india.
the 15-year-old boy who had entered india from pakistan is facing a case under the passport act before the juvenile court at faridkot.
sources said the family of hasnain was worried about the safety of the teenager ever since he got lost on may 3.
after some months, pakistani columnist mehr tarar got to know that hasnain was in india and lodged in a jail.
she tweeted to the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj who also expressed willingness to help the boy go to his family and assured full support.
satpal goyal, member of the juvenile justice board, faridkot, said, the observation home officials have been directed to take the boy to the attari border on december 22 where officials and family members may reach to identify him.
as per media reports in pakistan, hasnain's father javed iqbal is a resident of bhambay jhuggian locality in lahore.
he has urged the pakistan authorities to make efforts to get his son back from india.
after the family approached the authorities in pakistan, a contact has been made with the indian government.
earlier, faridkot-based baba farid centre for special children has offered to treat the pakistani boy.
centre in-charge pritpal singh said hasnain could be treated through occupational and speech therapy.
faridkot dc rajiv parashar said, we haven't received any communication, but we are trying every possible effort to trace his identity and send him back.
this story is from january 26, 2019a globe formation of iafs su 30 mkis and a globemaster aircraft at rajpath: animake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: india celebrated its 70th republic day with a grand display of military might and rich cultural diversity as the ceremonial parade rolled down the majestic rajpath here in presence of south african president cyril ramaphosa as the chief guest.
prime minister narendra modi paid his tributes to the martyrs by laying a wreath at amar jawan jyoti before the start of the parade in presence of defence minister nirmala sitharaman and the three service chiefs.
later, pm modi reached rajpath to receive president ram nath kovind and the chief guest.
ramaphosa is the second south african president, after nelson mandela, to attend the grand event as its chief guest.
at the unfurling of the tricolour, the band played the national anthem with a 21-gun salute fired in the background.
many senior leaders, including home minister rajnath singh and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, and former prime ministers manmohan singh and deve gowda, congress leaders rahul gandhi and ghulam nabi azad were among those present at the event.
the overall theme for the republic day celebrations this year is the 150th birth anniversary of mahatma gandhi.
tableaux of many states, themed on the preeminent leader of the independence movement who championed the idea of non-violence, were lined up during the parade.
four indian national army (ina) veterans, aged over 90 years, took part in the parade.
india's military might was on display, with the artillery gun system m777 american ultra light howitzers, recently acquired from the us and k9 vajra, a self-propelled artillery gun, showcased on rajpath, being new additions this year.
'nari shakti' (women power) was on full display on the ceremonial boulevard with an all-woman assam rifles contingent, led by maj khushboo kanwar, creating history by participating for the first time in the parade.
contingents of the navy, army service corps and a unit of corps of signals (transportable satellite terminal) were led by women officers too.
the parade took place in a cold weather amid a heavy security blanket with thousands of security personnel, anti-aircraft guns and sharpshooters deployed.
the march began with showering of flower petals by helicopters led by the parade commander, parade second-in-command and param vir chakra and ashoka chakra awardees.
the indian army's t-90 tank, ballway machine pikate (bmp-ii/iik), surface mine clearing system, 155 mm/52 calibre tracked self-propelled gun (k-9 vajra), transportable satellite terminal, troop level radar and akash weapon system were showcased at the parade.
the marching contingents of the sikh light infantry, jammu and kashmir light infantry, gorkha brigade, army service corps, army supply corps (north), territorial army battalion participated in the parade.
the indian navy's brass band , marching contingent and tableau, and air force's band and marching contingent were also seen.
para-military and other auxiliary forces also participated in the parade alongside national cadet corps and national service scheme.
the tableaux of sikkim, delhi, uttar pradesh, gujarat, punjab, west bengal, tripura, goa, andaman and nicobar islands and uttarakhand were also displayed.
twenty six children who won the pradhan mantri rashtriya bal puraskar also passed through the parade in an open jeep followed by presentations by school children.
the motorcycle display followed it which was welcomed by crowds and fly-past was observed after it.
fly past by air force planes were the final act in the parade, that was attended by a large crowd.
dharamshala: the cabinet committee on security (ccs), headed by prime minister narendra modi , has allowed the 17th karmapa ogyen trinley dorje to visit sikkim.
it is being seen as a goodwill gesture by the india government.
earlier, tibetans were upset after the centre had unofficially conveyed to the tibet government-in-exile officials to shift the thank you india event from delhi to dharamshala.
the event was to mark 50 years of dalai lama arriving in india.
dorje will, however, not be able to visit rumtek monastery in east sikkim, which is the official seat of the karmapa.
there is another claimant to seat who has been asserting his status too.
dorje, however, was backed by the dalai lama.
the move has come following a relay hunger strike by monks in sikkim which has crossed 630 days.
sikkim chief minister pawan kumar chamling had said on march 20 that he too had written to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , seeking permission for the 17th karmapa to visit the state whose capital gangtok is home to his exiled seat monastery of rumtek.
official spokesperson of the karmapa, karma chungyalpa, stated that they have come to know about this from the reports published online and awaiting official documents.
but if this visit is allowed it is going to benefit numerous followers of the karmapa, not only in sikkim but also in the himalayan region, he said.
the head of the 900-yearold karma kagyu lineage of tibetan buddhism ogyen trinley dorje was endorsed as the 17th karmapa by the dalai lama in 1999.
karmapa had escaped from tibet in 2000 at the age of 14.
the 33-year-old has since been living at gyuto monastery in dharamshala.
hyderabad: industries and commerce minister kt rama rao on sunday said the centre should create a conducive environment for states to engage with foreign countries to secure more foreign investment.
if we have to pole vault india ahead, this is the support the states require, he said.
rama rao was speaking at the deccan dialogue a conference on economic diplomacy for development, organised at the indian school of business (isb) here by the economic diplomacy and states division of the union ministry of external affairs.
describing india as a heterogeneous country, rama rao said it can be called united states of india.
it is more than a country.
you could call it a continent.
while china is homogeneous, india is a different and complicated country and its this variation of culture that can be leveraged to its own advantage, he added.
rama rao batted not only for telangana but also for neighbouring andhra pradesh.
he said the mea should undertake a resource mapping of states keeping their strengths in mind.
the strength of each states should be made across the world so that engagement with those countries on the economic front become easy and relevant.
the stronger the states are, the stronger the country becomes, rama rao said.
he said for instance telangana, a land-locked state, has 42 per cent urban population with strengths in life sciences and other areas.
andhra pradesh has a coastline.
these could be used to the advantage of the respective states.
telangana has broken stereotypes to emerge second for two successive years on the ease of doing business (eobd) in the country and this ranking from no less a body than the world bank of india.
the centre should engage more with the states in the federal structure to help the states surge ahead, he added.
if you want to paint india with a broad brush, it is not the right thing to do.
this is what is done in word bank reports or by consultants, he said.
he said india was being described as a land of snake charmers and elephants and stray cattle on roads.
thats not far from reality but the truth is we have many more things to offer to the world.
the description of india is incorrect, he said.
the minister said for every 200 km or so, the diversity changes.
he said if uttar pradesh were to be looked as a different administrative unit like a country, with its 22 crore population, it would be the sixth largest country in the world.
the minister said whether it was k chandrashekar rao as chief minister of telangana, narendra modi as prime minister of india, or donald trump as president of the usa, the idea of economic diplomacy was to help aid creation of jobs.
while thanking union minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and vk singh, for their indian missions abroad and help to telangana, ktr urged singh to organise the deccan dialogue as a permanent event twice a year in hyderabad.
bengaluru: showcasing external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and defence minister nirmala sitharaman as proof of his governments commitment to empowering women, pm narendra modi on friday asked his partys mahila morcha to strive to get more women voters to polling stations on may 12 when karnataka goes to the polls.
let women decide the future of karnataka.
concentrate on women voters.
bring a spirit of competition in them by ensuring they beat the men in casting their ballot.
if 300 men vote in a polling station, make sure 350 women cast their ballot.
in the name of asking them to vote for womens safety and empowerment, ask them to come out and vote.
then you will start seeing the positive results, modi told bjps women cadres during his third interactive video conference sessions with various wings of the partys karnataka unit.
in an audio-visual presentation, modi put up two photographs: one showing sitharaman at a world defence ministers meet and another showing sushmaswaraj at the external affairs ministers conclave at shanghai cooperation organisation meet in china.
for bjp, be it in the organisation, administration or policy formulation, women first is the policy.
if you look at the cabinet structure also, capable women have been given key portfolios.
two photogrpahs from the recent sco meeting in china went viral on social media.
these photos were of external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and karnatakas own mp nirmala sitharaman.
.
.
the sole women amidst a group of global ministers, he said.
modi claimed that his was the only government that considered giving padma shri awards to unknown women who have dedicated themselves to a cause.
i would like to recall that recently our government gave padma shri award to sitavva jodatti from belagavi, who has dedicated her life for the upliftment of women, modi said.
he also pointed out that sulagitti narasamma, 97, a midwife who has overseen 15,000 deliveries in the last 70 years in and around tumakuru, too was honoured with padma shri.
during his 45-minute interaction, modi recalled the schemes implemented by bs yeddyurappas bjp government such as bhagyalakshmi, bala sanjeevani and free cycles for girl students.
calling pm modis interaction with bjp women workers on empowerment a tokenism, cm siddaramaiah asked him to learn from karnataka on the subject, cut bhashan (speech) and promote action.
siddaramaiah in a series of tweets, listed out various initiatives of his government for women.
tokenism modi ji.
real empowerment comes from real policies, he tweeted.
the 66-year-old added she had undergone kidney transplant in december 2016 and doctors have advised her to avoid dust.
following medical advice not go in the open and to avoid infections, i can visit foreign countries, but not campaign in vidisha as most of the area is rural.
therefore, i have informed the high command of my wish not to contest the next lok sabha polls, the union minister said.
this brought me the tag of most active mp.
however, after undergoing the transplant, i could not visit the area but have fulfilled all the promises made to voters.
if anybody has put up such posters and they are insensitive enough to make it an issue, then i have nothing to say about it, she said.
on the mp assembly polls, she said: there may be anti-incumbency against the candidates who were not given tickets.
however, there is no anti-incumbency against the state or central government.
congress has made tall promises in its vachan patra because it knows it is never going to win the polls, she remarked.
allahabad: taking a dig at the former akhilesh yadav-led sp government, chief minister yogi adityanath said that women in uttar pradesh are no longer afraid of being eve-teased since his government formed anti-romeo squads with an aim to make women feel more safe.
the chief minister was in allahabad on sunday to attend the inaugural ceremony of 'samutkarsha', a camp organised for girl students studying in schools run by vidya bharti, the education wing of rashtriya swayamsevak sabgh (rss) on parade ground.
addressing the audience, yogi said, people of the state were well aware about the circumstances that prevailed a year back.
they had witnessed anarchy and eve-teasing across the state.
ever since our government came to power, we have decided to protect our sisters and daughters because we feel that if they feel safe, the entire society would feel safe.
we had formed anti-romeo squads with an aim to make women feel safe and secure.
the audience comprised around 12,000 girls from 49 districts of eastern up's schools run by vidya bharti.
he added that the society would benefit from their abilities and leadership qualities.
appealing families to not discriminate between girls and boys, yogi said, the daughters and sisters of this country have made india's name famous in various fields like education, technology and politics.
cm yogi said the 24x7 available '181' helpline was introduced to help women and girls round the clock in an emergency situation, be it within or outside their house.
the state government's support to self-help groups is making rural women empowered across 60,000 villages, the cm added.
lauding the camp's organisers, yogi said that camps and shivirs like samutkarsha were the best medium to promote schemes for women empowerment.
yogi said prime minister narendra modi 's ujjawala scheme seeks to empower women in the country.
under this scheme, 65 lakh families have been given a gas connection free of cost in up.
citing examples of lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and defence minster nirmala sitharaman, the chief minster asked the girls in the audience, is there anyone who doesn't know the names of lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan, union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and union defense minister nirmala sitaraman.
yogi added that women have oftend been seen as a symbol 'matri shakti' as they have always worked for the welfare of society.
even sangam-known as triveni or prayagraj- symbolizes 'matri shakti' as it is formed by maa ganga, yamuna and saraswati.
cm said when the entire world is talking about women empowerment, indian culture has always been dominated by matri shakti.
this story is from november 27, 2018nirmal kour with photo of her husband, subedar asa singhdownload the times of india news app for latest cityjammu: the foundation stone of the kartarpur sahib corridor between india and pakistan has renewed the hopes of nirmal kour who has not seen her husband, subedar asa singh, for over 45 years and believes he is being held hostage by the neighbouring country.
singh has been missing since 1971 and his family believes he is imprisoned in a pakistani jail.
my children are waiting for their father for the last 47 years.
we are hopeful that kartarpur corridor will bring the two countries nearer and our miseries will be put to an end by seeking the whereabouts of the prisoners and ensuring their early return to their families, kour said, making an emotional appeal to prime minister narendra modi and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for securing the release of the prisoners.
kour also urged mp navjot singh sindhu as he, being a close friend of pakistan prime minister imran khan, could ensure that some steps are taken to get our loved ones released.
mr sidhu is the man behind this initiative.
i hope his friendship with the pakistan prime minister can also bring us some good news, she said, adding that she along with other families of prisoners had gone to pakistan in 2008 to look for their families but returned disappointed as we were not allowed to visit all prisons.
new delhi: days before us president donald trump and japanese pm shinzo abe are due to meet for an important summit, senior officials from the two nations and india met here for a trilateral on wednesday where they discussed practical steps for improving infrastructure and connectivity, with an eye on countering china.
a joint press statement after the meeting said, officials explored practical steps to enhance cooperation in the areas of connectivity and infrastructure development, counter-proliferation, counter-terrorism, maritime security, maritime domain awareness and hadr (humanitarian assistance and disaster relief).
affirming the general concern about maintaining freedom of navigation in the south china sea and the western pacific ocean, the trilateral emphasised on importance of keeping sea lanes open.
all sides agreed to remain engaged and strengthen cooperation in support for a free, open, prosperous, peaceful and inclusive sive indo-pacific region through partnership with countries in the region.
the officials reviewed the outcomes of the trilateral infrastructure working group that met in washington in february and agreed to continue to collaborate to promote increased connectivity in the indo-pacific, the press release stated.
at the end of the february ministerial meeting between sushmaswaraj swaraj , former us secretary of state rex tillerson and taro kono held on the margins of the un general assembly meeting, an mea statement said: the ministers emphasised the need for ensuring freedom of navigation, respect for international law and peaceful resolution of disputes.
on connectivity initiatives, the importance of basing them on universally recognised international norms, prudent financing and respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity was underlined.
on dprk, eam deplored dprk's recent actions and stated that its proliferation linkages must be explored and those involved be held accountable.
the meeting on wednesday also came ahead of the koreas' summit and a possible meeting between trump and north korea's kim jong-un.
new delhi: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath is likely to lead the indian delegation to china scheduled for next month.
this will be yogis second official foreign tour after he assumed office as cm in march 2017.
yogis first overseas trip was to myanmar in august 2017.
up cm has been requested by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj to lead a political delegation to china next month, a highly placed source said.
during the visit, yogi is likely to interact with the top political leadership of china.
the choice of yogi to lead a foreign delegation by the bjps top central leadership would further boost the political image of the up cm who has emerged as a key pan-india figure for the saffron party.
the proposed visit to china has also comes after yogis pitch to project uttar pradesh as a preferred investment destination at the two-day investors meet in february which managed to garner investment proposals worth around rs 4.
5 lakh crore across sectors for the state.
while the myanmar trip revolved around culture and tourism, sources said this time yogi is likely to sell up as an investor-friendly destination before a chinese audience.
along with projecting ups soft power, the chief minister is likely to use the opportunity to highlight business opportunities in the state in sectors such as electronics, it, infrastructure development and renewable energy during his visit.
while the final itinerary has not been finalised, a top source said along with political interaction, yogi is also expected to woo the investors by marketing his state as the biggest market in india with 22 crore population.
in myanmar, yogi had used the occasion to market buddha circuit before an international audience along with the ramayana and krishna circuits that his government has announced it would be developing.
this story is from january 22, 2019former minister mj akbars photo (extreme left) on the bookletdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lucknow/varanasi: the first day of bharatiya pravasi divas, which is being held in varanasi, witnessed flutters on monday after booklets featuring former union minister m j akbar, who was forced to step down amid accusations of sexual harassment during a #metoo campaign last year, were distributed among the nris.
up government officials said that booklet was conceived and published in may 2018 when akbar was part of the nda cabinet.
the first page of the booklet read team mea which featured union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and junior foreign minister v k singh apart from akbar.
a europe-based nri businessman, who deals in garment merchandise and was present at the event said that government should have been cautious before including his name in the booklet.
it is a prominent annual event of the government and if such tainted ministers are still part of governments policy and planning, it is a shame he said.
a 39-year-old medico, who studies in california, said that keeping in mind that varanasi is prime ministers lok sabha seat, such decisions may dent his otherwise clean image.
i have spent my childhood in varanasi and studied at bhu.
i have fond memories of the place and came to attend the event on my parents insistence to share synergy with dynamic leadership looking to partner with brain drains like us who have ventured into harvards and mit.
the minister should have been removed from the party, forget him seeing on the cover of a magazine, said varsha, hematologist-oncologist, who shifted to the us in 2004.
the rajya sabha mp from jharkhand , who had come under attack over allegations of misconduct by women with several opposition parties baying for his removal, also feature in photographs of several key meetings of external affairs ministry inside the booklet.
as many as 4,500 delegates from 80-plus countries are expected to turn up at the ongoing 15th pravasi bharatiya divas in varanasi.
this story is from february 5, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the government expects a 20  reduction in road accidents from the current five lakh a year, transport minister nitin gadkari said on monday while kicking off the annual road safety week campaign across the country.
gadkari and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj also flagged off a car rally from delhi to myanmar from rajghat.
the rally will travel through places historically associated with mahatma gandhi , both in india, as well as in bangladesh and myanmar, and will conclude at yangon in myanmar on the february 24, covering 7,250 km.
new delhi: there will be no bilateral meeting between external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , defence minister nirmala sitharaman , and their pakistani counterparts on the sidelines of the shanghai cooperation organisation (sco) in china.
swaraj, who departed for a two-nation visit to china and mongolia on saturday, will participate in a ministerial-level meeting of the sco on april 24, where india became a full member in 2017.
meanwhile, on the same day, sitharaman will take part in the sco defence ministers' meeting.
both events will be attended by the respective ministers from pakistan.
on a related note, no meeting between india and pakistan on the sidelines of commonwealth heads of government meeting ( chogm ), which concluded recently, was held.
indian prime minister narendra modi attended the commonwealth heads of government meeting in london.
pakistan prime minister shahid khaqan abbasi was also present to lead the pakistani delegation.
federica mogherini, high representative of the eu for foreign affairs and security policy and vice-president of the european commission, is in new delhi today for talks with union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security advisor ajit doval on a range of bilateral issues.
she spoke exclusively to indrani bagchi on the future of eu after brexit, india-eu relations and the way forward:you were believed to be the reason for the india-eu summit to be put on hold in 2014.
whats your view of the relationship now?
last year we had a very successful summit in brussels.
i have met regularly with indian ministers, and i am looking forward to this visit  as the issues at stake are many and important.
we cooperate intensively on security issues  from afghanistan to the horn of africa  and on global matters such as sustainable development and climate change.
during this visit we will also focus on trade and other bilateral dossiers, with one strong message: in spite of britains decision to leave, eu remains a global power, the first global market, and the most relevant partner for india.
what will it take for the india-eu free trade agreement to go through?
a free trade agreement can be a win-win for eu and india.
so we are working to conclude a comprehensive and ambitious agreement, to bridge our differences in areas such as market access for some goods and services, geographical indications and public procurement.
we have proposed to hold a high level economic and trade dialogue so as to move forward and address sensitive issues of both sides.
sweden is the latest victim of terror in eu.
what is the thinking among eu leadership about how to tackle growing terror in europe?
first of all, terrorism is a threat not just for europe, but for the entire international community.
inside eu we have intensified cooperation among our police forces and intelligence services.
but we need to understand the magnitude of the challenge and tackle the social and economic dimension of radicalisation and recruitment, both globally and within our communities.
global issues require common responses: only together we can create the conditions to defeat daesh and al qaeda, block channels for terrorist financing, tackle foreign terrorist fighters.
in the brexit era, what changes are you considering in eus foreign policy?
eu will lose one member state, but our british friends will lose much more: the power of acting together, as a union of half a billion people, the second largest economy in the world.
for instance, the uk provides less than 5  of assets and personnel in our military and civilian missions: an important yet not irreplaceable contribution.
we will continue to be a global security provider, the biggest market on earth, the largest development donor.
we will continue to be a global power and a reliable partner for our friends around the world, including india.
let me add that even after these long negotiations, at the end of the coming two years, i am convinced our cooperation with the uk on foreign and security policy will continue to be strong.
we share the same interests, and i am sure we will still work together as friends.
till then, however, the uk is a full eu member with all responsibilities, rights and obligations.
with the us downgrading its interest in climate change agreements, how does eu plan to hold up the achievements of paris agreement?
we will stand by the paris climate deal.
the entry into force of the paris agreement less than a year after it was agreed shows that countries around the world take climate change seriously.
we are passing all necessary legislation to implement the paris agreement, to address the economic and social implications of the transition to a low-carbon economy.
and we expect all our partners  including the us  to also respect their commitments.
the us wants europe to contribute more in nato.
how will eu respond?
this debate on defence spending is for nato members to decide themselves.
what eu can do is to make our spending more effective.
at the moment, europeans spend about 50  of what the us does on defence, but with only 15  of the output.
we can only address this gap building new economies of scale, through joint programming and common procurement among eu member states.
a stronger eu of defence makes nato stronger.
this is what we are working at.
hyderabad: what mohammedi begum of the city who has been stuck in pakistan, is not just in need of ticket fare to return to india.
the 45-year-old woman desperately needs urgent help to be rescued from her husband's house in sialkot as her visa granted to travel to india expires on saturday.
union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on friday tweeted: she is india's daughter.
if ticket is a problem, we will provide the ticket to mohammadi begum for her return from pakistan.
mohammedi begum's husband mohammad younis who initially said he would not give her money to return to india changed his mind and has reportedly dug in his heels and is unwilling to let her go.
her parents in the city are now keeping their fingers crossed as to whether her daughter will be able to fly back to india by december 16.
according to sources, begum is also said to be in bad health and is even unable to walk because of the way her husband and his family has been treating her in pakistan.
it may be mentioned here that mohammedi begum had got married to younis in 1996.
younis was in oman and the nikah happened over phone.
however, after begum went to oman, she learnt that younis was a pakistan citizen and he took her to his country.
following reports about begum's plight in pakistan were published in toi, sushmaswaraj swaraj got the high commission of india in islamabad to take up her case.
begum's indian passport which had expired was renewed.
pakistan also issued her a 38-day visa for 'stay' in pakistan and this expires on december 16.
if mohammedi begum does not return to india by saturday, she will land in more problems there.
her continued stay there will become illegal.
that will be a bigger problem for her, mbt leader amjedullah khan told toi.
for all the efforts that he put in writing to sushmaswaraj swaraj, begum has come quite close to being set free from the clutches of her husband but the impediments still persist.
after toi published reports about her being held in pakistan against her wishes by her husband, the local media in sialkot also wrote about her problems.
with sushmaswaraj swaraj's assurance that begum would be provided ticket fare to return, hope has been kindled for her parents but they are keeping their fingers crossed on whether the high commission of india goes the extra mile to rescue her.
the high commission of india did not respond to the question from toi on what they were doing to send her back to india after sushmaswaraj swaraj had tweeted that the government will take care of her ticket fare.
for six hours, 20-year-old sushmaswaraj writhed in agony on the floor as the poison did its work.
her father who forced the poison down her throat and watched her die later told police it was just punishment for loving a man outside the community and insisting on marrying him against their wishes.
the chilling crime in gollanabeedu village, barely 15km from mysuru, was revealed as police took up suo motu investigation a week after sushma's death.
rumours of an honour killing did the rounds as the girl who was called to talk to the family on february 20 was cremated secretly at dawn the next day.
sushma's father kumar gowda has been detained for questioning.
police are still looking for her mother and uncle, who helped gowda kill her and destroy evidence after the murder.
additional sp n rudramuni said gowda, his wife jayanthi and her brother kempanna were opposed to sushma's relationship with a dalit youth, a painter from the neighbouring alanahalli village.
sushma was the eldest of three daughters and had dropped out of college.
in december last year, gowda, along with a few panchayat members, tried to dissuade sushmaswaraj and when he failed, sent her to a relative's house in hulikere in mandya district.
since then, gowda, a farmer, allegedly called sushmaswaraj home on three occasions to convince her to marry a man of the family's choice.
sushma is said to have refused their proposal outright, angering them.
the family called her a fourth time on february 20 but this was no effort at rapprochement.
involving her in a conversation, the girl's mother is said to have offered her orange juice laced with a toxic liquid.
sushma took a few sips and stopped, saying the juice tasted strong.
seeing their ruse had failed, kumar, jayanthi and kempanna held her nostrils and forced the juice down her throat, rudramuni said.
she was given the toxic juice at their farmhouse around 10.
30pm.
she died around 4am on february 21.
gowda said sushmaswaraj struggled for six hours, writhing in pain on the floor.
after she died, her body was cremated in the farm around 5am, rudramuni said.
we're looking for the mortal remains of the girl and any other evidence.
the crime would have been buried but for beat constable ravi who tipped off his seniors on hearing rumours of the unsuspecting girl being killed over a love affair.
a case was filled at heggadadevana kote police station on wednesday.
police officials said that gowda admitted to killing his daughter with the help of his wife and brother-in-law but showed no remorse.
all three accused in the case have been booked for murder and destruction of evidence.
this story is from january 12, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: bjp passed two resolutions on the first day of its national convention here, hailing the initiatives of the modi government to strengthen the farm sector and welfare of the poor.
home minister rajnath singh presented the resolution on policies for the farm sector, which was followed by another resolution for welfare of the poor by external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj bjp lauds its government for 'successfully' working out issues of farmers ' income.
'new india' that we are trying to create, will not only be able to reach the goal of doubling of farmers' income but would also be looking forward from there.
.
.
we are conceptualising an independent, able, strong and prosperous farmer as our annadata, who will take the country's economy to great heights, reads the resolution.
farmers are likely to get 50  more benefit on their produce whereas on crops like urud and bajra, the profit will be 96 , singh informed and added, the total budget allocation in the sector now stands at rs 2.
11 lakh crore against upa's rs 1.
21 lakh crore.
in case of natural disasters, the agriculture sector has got rs 32,000 crore from national disaster relief fund , which is 2.
5 times higher than previous government and the allocations made to states is 82  more than previous government's allotment, bjp general secretary bhupendra yadav said at a press conference.
in 2013-14, upa government spent rs 2151 crore on crop insurance which has now increased to rs 13,000 crore which is six times under modi government, the resolution said.
earlier, they were getting claims for minimum 50  damage to their crops, whereas now, even if there is 33  damage to crops, they are being benefitted, yadav said.
new delhi: foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and national security adviser ajit doval have spoken to their counterparts in afghanistan regarding the abduction of six indian engineers by the taliban in baghlan province.
we are in touch with different people who are involved in the exercise through the afghan government, mea spokesperson raveesh kumar said.
but he refused to share any specific details citing sensitivity of the case.
i would not like to get into the details of the people and authorities with whom we are in touch with, he told journalists at the weekly media briefing.
the indian engineers were abducted by the taliban militants from near the cheshma-e-sher area in baghlan on sunday.
swaraj spoke to afghan foreign minister salahuddin rabbani on sunday.
on monday, rabbani met the new indian ambassador to afghanistan vinay kumar where he promised to do his utmost.
doval spoke to his counterpart hanif atmar on the subject as well .
the taliban have launched their spring offensive with a series of brutal attacks in and around kabul , even as the ashraf ghani government is pushing through the election process.
this is a sensitive matter.
the lives of seven indians are involved and, therefore, i would not like to share much on where we are at this point of time, said the mea spokesperson.
afghan media, quoting baghlan governor abdulhai nemati, reported that taliban militants were behind the abduction of indians and they were moved to the dand-e-shahabuddin area of pul-e-khumri town.
the indian engineers of kec international, an rpg group company, were working on a project for construction of a power sub-station in the country.
amritsar: indian-american amritraj singh athwal, 21, may face capital punishment after madera county district attorney slapped additional special allegations against him in a robbery and killing case.
athwal is in a jail along with his cousin savirant singh athwal, 24, for allegedly killing 20-year-old punjabi student dharampreet singh jassar during an armed robbery at a convenience store in madera, california, on november 13.
on wednesday, us-based chairman of punjab foundation sukhi chahal told toi that a press release issued by david linn, madera county district attorney, reads as, the effect of these additional special allegations increases the potential penalties for athwal to life, without the possibility of parole, or death penalty.
dharampreet, only son of his parents, was studying accounting and criminal justice at fresno state university .
he worked in the store where four men including amritraj committed armed robbery and stole cash and cigarettes.
chahal said a .
22-caliber assault pistol, which was reportedly stolen, and drugs were found in a truck belonging to one of the suspects.
sukhi said it was unfortunate that both the victim and the accused were punjabis.
we cannot deny that drug is the root cause of many of these killings in north america which brings shame to the punjabi community.
it is the responsibility of the community leaders to accept the hard reality and work together to find a solution to these problems faced by the community, he said.
in the recent past, an american sikh couple was arrested from the us-canada border for allegedly smuggling cocaine.
punjab chief minister captain amarinder singh had also expressed concern about safety of sikhs in the us, following which union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had directed indian ambassador to us navtej sarna to update him on the safety of indians in america.
new delhi: mauritius prime minister pravind kumar jugnauth was given a ceremonial welcome in the forecourt of the rashtrapati bhawan here on saturday at the start of his three-day state visit.
prime minister jugnauth was received by prime minister narendra modi in the forecourt of the official presidential residence.
thereafter, he inspected a tri-services guard of honour and then proceeded to the tented receptorium where he was introduced to members of the prime minister modi's cabinet and other dignitaries.
he also introduced prime minister modi to his delegation.
speaking to the media after the ceremonial reception, prime minister jugnauth said, firstly, let me thank pm narendra modi for invitation extended to me.
our forefathers came from india and there was always a natural blood relation that existed between the two countries and we are taking this special relation to make it further special.
prime minister jugnauth later visited rajghat with his delegation to pay homage to mahatma gandhi at his memorial.
the two prime ministers will be holding delegation-level talks and some bilateral agreements are expected to be exchanged after the meeting.
the two leaders will also make a joint statement to the media.
jugnauth will meet defence and finance minister arun jaitley and external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
he will also call on president pranab mukherjee and vice president hamid ansari in the evening.
this story is from november 21, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
the minister added that jadhav's case is listed for hearing in february in the international court of justice (icj).
jadhav was sentenced to death by a pakistani military court on spying charges in april 2017.
india moved the icj in may the same year against the verdict.
the world court halted jadhav's execution, on india's appeal, pending the final verdict by it.
we have secured a stay on jadhav's execution from the international court of justice (icj).
while pakistan has claimed its security forces arrested jadhav from its balochistan province in march 2016 after he reportedly entered the country from iran, india has said jadhav was kidnapped from iran where he had business interests after retiring from the navy.
speaking on the deportation of christian michel, an alleged middleman in the agustawestland chopper deal, swaraj called it a big success on the part of the centre.
@indembkwt we came 2 ur city wt luv & our indian brethren embraced us with it.
u gave no support.
kuwaiti airport i https://t.
co/tmhmhni9od  adnan sami (@adnansamilive) 1525619698000@sushmaswaraj @indembkwt thank you for your ever so prompt reply.
will call you & give you details.
thank you very much.
adnan sami (@adnansamilive) 1525627900000thats india 2018 my dear- dont mess with it!
!
ps- thats also love!
https://t.
co/wjp8b86clb  adnan sami (@adnansamilive) 1525628160000new delhi: singer adnan sami said yesterday his staff were mistreated and called indian dogs by officials in kuwait airport.
sami tweeted yesterday about the episode and tagged the indian embassy in kuwait in his tweet.
we came to your city with love and our indian brethren embraced us with it.
you gave no support.
kuwaiti airport immigration mistreated my staff for no reason and called them 'indian dogs'!
when you were contacted you did nothing!
!
how dare d kuwaitis behave like this with arrogance?
!
, said sami in his tweet.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj replied soon it appears - as is her wont - asking him to call her, because in a subsequent tweet, sami thanked her.
thank you for your ever so prompt reply.
will call you and give you details.
thank you very much, he tweeted tagging swaraj.
union minister kiren rijiju also got in touch with sami about his tweet about the alleged harassment.
sorry to learn that @adnansamilive.
our most dynamic eam @sushmaswaraj ji has acknowledged your matter.
please speak to her now, tweeted rijiju to sami.
the singer was touched.
thank you so much for your concern my dear.
@sushmaswaraj is a lady full of heart and she is in touch with me and is looking after our people.
i'm so proud that she is our foreign minister and looks after us all over the world, he replied in a tweet to rijiju.
when someone commented saying sami got prompt action from swaraj, he replied on twitter saying: that's india 2018 my dear- don't mess with it.
ps: that's also love!
new delhi: in the first signs of a thaw between india and pakistan, the neighbours have agreed to release and return elderly prisoners, women and those with special needs.
in a statement on wednesday evening, the pakistan foreign office said they had accepted indian proposals also on the revival of a judicial committee mechanism which would oversee the speedy release of prisoners.
both countries also agreed to facilitate visits of medical experts (from both sides) to meet and examine the mentally challenged prisoners for their repatriation.
a spokesperson for the ministry of external affairs said, foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj had suggested to the high commissioner of pakistan that the two sides could progress on humanitarian issues related to elderly, women, children and mentally unsound prisoners.
we note that today pakistan has responded positively to eams suggestioncoming after months of frosty relations between the two sides, exacerbated by ceasefire violations on the line of control (loc), wednesdays decisions framed a rare moment when india and pakistan agreed on anything.
pakistan foreign minister, khawaja asif , also offered to extend the parameters for prisoner release: those above 60 years of age and below 18 years would also be released.
it is likely that these would be accepted by the indian side.
the pakistan statement said, the foreign minister expressed the hope that india would positively reciprocate pakistans proposals, in the spirit that they have been made.
india added that the judicial committee, which looks into the issues of fishermen and prisoners in each others custody would resume visits to each others countries.
the last visit of such a committee had taken place in october 2013 to india.
the officials on both sides would be working on the modalities to implement the understanding reached on these humanitarian issues.
along with the statement, pakistan tagged its wish for a resumption of official dialogue which has been shut since the pathankot terror attack.
the pakistan foreign office said, it was his (foreign minister) desire that through such initiatives, pakistan and india would embark on the road to a comprehensive dialogue, and make a conscious effort to de-escalate the extremely vitiated current environment and the situation on the line of control and the working boundary.
new delhi: close to four years after 39 indian workers went missing in iraq , the government announced on tuesday that the men were dead after their bodies were recovered from a hillock near badush, not far from mosul, and dna tests had confirmed their identities.
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj made the announcement in a statement in the rajya sabha , saying dna tests carried out by iraqs martyrs foundation had confirmed the identities of those killed.
the men were feared to have been kidnapped by the islamic state soon after mosul fell to the terror group in june 2014.
the announcement was anticipated as the government, not having heard from any of the victims for months despite the liberation of mosul in july 2017, had, in october last year, started collecting dna samples of family members of the missing workers.
a lone survivor, harjit masih, who claimed to have played dead, had said that he saw other members of the group being killed.
however, the government pursued leads from sources who it said had informed that the indians were still alive.
swaraj spoke of the efforts of junior minister v k singh in travelling to iraq to look for the men.
the opposition accused the government of delaying the announcement, saying this was disappointing behaviour.
she maintained that the government was right in not declaring them dead in the absence of pakka saboot (firm evidence).
i now have concrete evidence to say that masihs story was wrong.
her july 2017 statement followed an outcry in india over the disclosure that the jail at badush no longer existed.
speaking informally, senior ministers said the government had made strenuous efforts to check every lead and information on the men and this was not an effort to hide the truth of their deaths.
in fact, she said even the manner in which they were killed would be known from iraqi authorities later.
while making the announcement, swaraj thanked singh and the iraqi authorities for their efforts in exhuming the bodies from the mound after a deep penetration radar revealed that 39 bodies were buried under it.
local villagers had first informed that many bodies were buried under the mound.
the discovery of long hair (many of the workers were sikhs), kada (bangle) and indian shoes confirmed the suspicion that they were the missing indians.
while 27 of the missing were from punjab, the remaining were from himachal pradesh, bihar and west bengal.
v k singh will go to iraq to bring back the mortal remains of the indians killed in iraq.
johannesburg: external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has discussed with south african president cyril ramaphosa enhanced engagement between the two countries and greater cooperation in areas of skill development, agriculture and information technology.
swaraj arrived here yesterday on a five-day visit during which she will attend meetings of brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa ) and ibsa (india, brazil, south africa) -- the two major groupings where india has been playing a key role.
swaraj met ramaphosa who recalled his meeting with prime minister narendra modi at the commonwealth summit in london and conveyed his commitment to take the bilateral relations to the next level, according to a statement by the ministry of external affairs.
the enhanced engagement between the two countries, especially in the aftermath of the india-south africa business summit, and greater cooperation in areas such as skill development, agriculture, it etc were also discussed, it said.
swaraj conveyed her felicitations on his assumption of office as president and mentioned that the year 2018 was of special significance for both india and south africa since they both were commemorating the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations, 100th birth anniversary of the iconic leader nelson mandela and the 125th anniversary of the pietermaritzburg incident of mahatma gandhi.
ramaphosa recalled the great legacy left behind by mahatma gandhi in south africa for future generations.
a young mahatma gandhi was thrown out of a train compartment in pietermaritzburg railway station.
the 1893 incident proved to be a turning point in gandhi's fight against racial discrimination in south africa.
swaraj will also attend a series of events marking the 125th anniversary of the historic incident.
during the visit, swaraj will participate in the brics (brazil, russia, india, china and south africa) foreign ministers' meeting today which is expected to lay the foundation for the annual summit of the grouping in johannesburg next month.
she will also chair a meeting of foreign ministers of ibsa (india, brazil, south africa), another bloc working to deepen coordination among the three countries on major global issues.
spell out policy to secure kulbhushan jadhav's release: congress to centre the congress on tuesday condemned the pakistani government for the treatment meted out to kulbhushan jadhav, a former indian navy officer currently lodged in a pakistani jail, and his family and asked the centre to spell out its policy and steps to get him released.
are we trying to help or hurt kulbhushan jadhav.
?
yes the meeting was deliberately botched by pakistan.
they behaved https://t.
co/ynpmekywso  manish tewari (@manishtewari) 1514304773000new delhi: congress leader veerappa moily said today that the humiliation of kulbhushan jadhavs family members by pakistan is a diplomatic failure of the government and the external affairs ministry .
( mea ).
the manner in which kulbhushan jadhav 's family was treated is inhuman.
the mea should have ensured what kind of protocol is arranged for (jadhav) family.
it's a diplomatic failure on the part of our mea and country, said moily.
he added that external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj or pm narendra modi should have discussed the matter with their counterparts in pakistan before jadhav's mother and wife went to islamabad.
moily's comments came after the mea yesterday revealed details of the christmas day meeting of jadhav - who's on death row in pakistan for alleged espionage - with his wife and his mother.
the ministry detailed the hours of humiliation faced by avanti jadhav and chetankul jadhav, the mother and wife, respectively, of jadhav.
congress spokseman manish tewari said the government should have anticipated that pakistan wouldn't behave decently toward the jadhavs.
are we trying to help or hurt kulbhushan jadhav?
yes, the meeting was deliberately botched by pakistan.
they behaved like imbeciles.
india should have anticipated this chicanery.
however an indian is in their illegal custody.
our first priority is to bring him home safe.
sober up, tweeted tewari.
senior congress leader kapil sibal said nothing better can be expected from pakistan.
we can't expect anything better from pakistan.
the way kulbhushan jadhav 's mother and wife were treated was shameful, said sibal.
the congress also brought up the issue in parliament.
we condemn the way kulbhushan jadhav 's mother and wife were treated in pakistan.
kulbhushan jadhav should be brought back to the country, said mallikarjun kharge in the lok sabha today.
this story is from january 12, 2019unpaid for 17 months, dhruva chandra, gorrepotu venkatarao, and kurma rao chintada have to survive on bare min.
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: three seafarers, including two from andhra pradesh and one from uttar pradesh , have practically been abandoned at sea.
their vessel, mt tamim, an oil tanker , is at the sharjah anchorage, and for the past 21 months, they have not been able to come to the shore.
whats worse is that they cannot come back to india as the management of the ship has not given them a sign off for their release.
also, their salaries are pending for the past 17 months.
it is scary out here.
the ship also is not in a good condition, said gorrepotu venkatarao, chief engineer on the vessel.
kurma rao chintada, able seaman, from srikakulam, and dhruva chandra, chief officer, who hails from uttar pradesh, spoke to toi from the ship on phone.
they said their hardships have been immense.
we have to sleep in the dark as enough diesel is not supplied to us to use lights during the nights, dhruva chandra said.
they have written to the prime ministers officer, external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj, the shipping ministry, and external affairs ministry.
they havent got help so far.
the sailors were employed by elite way marine services, dubai.
we are given some food material to cook, and have been surviving on the bare minimum.
we are stranded in the sea.
what we want is that we be given a sign off and sent back to india, kurma rao said.
the sailors said the ship management had not been responding citing that the matter is in court.
shaheen sayyed, human rights defender at an international organisation justice upheld, has taken up the issue with the uae authorities and the indian government.
the men are not prisoners of war.
they are victims stranded in the sea for no fault of theirs, said sayyed, who is from mira road, mumbai, and lives in kuwait.
also, reportedly there was a fire mishap on the vessel but the sailors were able to put it out.
the fire fighting equipment is in a bad condition.
we are worried about our survival, dhruva chandra said.
chandigarh: the aam aadmi party (aap) on tuesday demanded rs 50 lakh compensation and a job each to the families of 39 indian youths killed by the islamic state in iraq, including 27 from punjab.
aap also demanded apology from the prime minister as well as from the union external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj from indians for failing to protect indian hostages and declaring the news of their death so late.
leader of opposition in the punjab assembly and aap mla sukhpal singh khaira said, it is unfortunate that a responsible minister of the government of india had given statements in both houses of parliament in the last two years and assurance to victims parents.
khaira added that victims parents were being called to delhi to present them before the media and the central government was trying to take credit of the situation.
sunam mla aman arora said, modi government has done politics over 39 killed indians.
prime minister as well as sushmaswaraj swaraj should apologise to the countrymen.
new delhi: a fresh political controversy seems to be breaking out between india and pakistan over the rising number of ceasefire violations along the loc and international boundary (ib).
foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has written to her counterpart khawaja asif blaming pakistan for all such violations and saying that firing by indian forces was only retaliatory.
swaraj's letter was in response to a letter which asif had written to her, and which was reported exclusively by toi on december 5, asking india to end ceasefire violations.
pakistan has now, after it received the rejoinder from swaraj, accused india of rejecting its message of peace.
pakistan is again threatening to raise the issue with the united nations military observer group in india and pakistan (unmogip) which is not recognised by india.
asif had cited figures in his letter to claim that india violated the ceasefire over 1,300 times in 2017 and this was against the 2003 ceasefire understanding between the two countries.
the indian government's own figures though show that pakistani forces violated the ceasefire over 700 times this year until october which is more than the total number of violations in 2016.
according to the home ministry, 12 indian civilians and 17 security personnel were killed in firing from across the border until october.
in his letter, asif had suggested that it was time for a political initiative to help check ceasefire violations because, as pakistani media reported on sunday, regular mechanisms like dgmo hotline and flag meetings were not proving to be of much use.
pakistan had again summoned india's deputy high commissioner j p singh on saturday to protest unprovoked ceasefire violations and the deliberate targeting of civilians at a funeral by indian forces in the chirikot sector along the loc.
pakistan continues to warn india that such violations could lead to a strategic miscalculation.
pakistan foreign spokesman mohammad faisal was quoted on sunday as having said that asif, in his letter, had urged for calm and respect for the 2003 ceasefire agreement.
india has responded to the letter and instead of accepting our message for peace once again repeated old allegations of cross-border incursions and refused to stop violations, the spokesperson said.
by :zirakpur: the sad news from mosul in iraq will have consequences, just as it had causes.
for four years since islamic state held 39 indian workers hostage in the persian gulf , the indian government had been lying to their families that their loved ones were alive and waiting to be evacuated.
external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj has now dropped a bombshell on them in parliament by pronouncing them dead on the basis of dna tests.
had they been rich, the government would have put all its might into the rescue effort.
those 39 indians were casual workers, so the government thought they were expendable.
india still practices the discrimination that the indian constitution banned decades ago.
the government should have recognised that they were indian citizens first and given priority to extracting them.
what compelled those 39 men to work in a country at civil war?
wasnt it joblessness?
their families are shattered and broke.
the least the government can do is apologise to them and rehabilitate them.
the government promised to bring them home.
home theyll come, but in a coffin.
france national who came to india to visit religious places goes missing in ajmer.
police investigation underway, s https://t.
co/zzieqdn1gh  ani (@ani) 1528936779000ajmer: thirteen days after a 21-year-old frenchwoman gaelle chouteau , allegedly went missing from pushkar , her friends posted about the disappearance on social media on wednesday.
police were pressed into action after the posts came to their notice, said ajmer sp rajender singh.
apart from mentioning that gaelle has short hair, the posts stated that she had last contacted her friends on may 31, after which she apparently left pushkar for jaipur.
gaelle's friends even approached external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj on social media and sought her help in locating the missing tourist, besides appealing to people to help find gaelle.
police said gaelle came to pushkar on may 30 from jodhpur and stayed at a hotel in holi chowk for two days.
on june 1, she left for jaipur.
gaelle's friends claimed that her mobile has been switched off since june 1 and she has also remained inactive on social media for the last 13 days.
the online appeals have gone viral, prompting other tourists to demand an investigation into the frenchwomans disappearance.
police have received no formal complaint but are trying to trace chouteau in ajmer and pushkar.
this story is from december 17, 2018defeated maldivian strongman abdulla yameenmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: maldives president ibrahim solih arrived on sunday on a three-day state visit during which he will hold talks with pm narendra modi aimed at strengthening bilateral ties.
solih, whoin polls in september, arrived here yesterday afternoon on his first foreign visit after assuming office and was received by union minister hardeep singh puri.
he is staying at rashtrapati bhavan as a guest of the indian government.
speaking at a public event here, solih described india as maldives's closest friend and also one of its most important trading partners.
official sources said one of the highlights of the visit is going to be an agreement between the two countries to facilitate smooth procurement of visas for citizens of both countries.
fortifying close bonds of cooperation and friendship.
president of maldives ibrahim solih received by mos hardeep puri on arrival in delhi, his first foreign visit after assuming office and within a month of visit of pm narendra modi to maldives, mea spokesperson raveesh kumar tweeted.
solih will hold talks with modi on monday after a ceremonial reception.
he will meet president ram nath kovind the same day.
solih will also call on vice-president m venkaiah naidu and foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj.
solih will visit the taj mahal on tuesday before heading back.
the visit comes a month after modi attended his swearing-in ceremony.
modi had said that he was looking forward to working closely with solih and both leaders expressed confidence in renewal of close ties, which were interrupted by political turmoil in maldives.
new delhi: former indian navy officer kulbhushan jadhav , sentenced to death in pakistan , got a reprieve as the international court of justice (icj), in an order watched keenly in both countries, unanimously stayed his execution.
delivering an interim order on a plea by india, the highest un court rejected pakistan's contention that it lacked jurisdiction in the case and held that india had a plausible right to access to jadhav .
the earliest he could have been executed was may 19, but the icj order compels pakistan to wait for the verdict after the full hearing, which could take many years.
pakistan shall take all measures at its disposal to ensure that mr jadhav is not executed pending the final decision.
.
.
and shall inform the court of all measures taken in implementation of the present order, court president ronny abraham said.
india had rushed to the icj on may 8 fearing that jadhav might be executed any time, and had sought a legal restraint on pakistan.
it argued that the matter came under the purview of the icj because pakistan had violated india's right, provided under the vienna convention, to have consular access to jadhav.
it had also sought an urgent hearing by highlighting the risk of jadhav's imminent hanging.
in its provisional order, the icj said it had jurisdiction in the matter, and rejected pakistan's argument that india had agreed to keep matters concerning national security out of the purview of the vienna convention.
the court said india had the right to seek consular access, and also acknowledged india's contention that jadhav could be executed any time after friday which would mark 40 days since a military court sentenced jadhav to death.
during the arguments before the icj on monday, pakistan had countered india's plea for urgent intervention saying jadhav would not be hanged before 150 days.
the court notes that pakistan has given no assurance that mr jadhav will not be executed before the court has rendered its final decision.
in these circumstances, the court is satisfied that there is urgency in this case, the icj said.
the order was welcomed in india with a huge sense of relief.
prime minister narendra modi congratulated foreign minister sushmaswaraj swaraj and mea officials as well as salve, who successfully put forward india's case in the world court.
swaraj later tweeted that india would leave no stone unturned to save jadhav.
mea spokesperson gopal baglay called the order a great relief .
icj has delivered a unanimous, favourable, clear and unambiguous order for india's request for provisional measures, he said.
this order creates legally binding international obligations.
we hope the verdict will end the egregious violation of jadhav's rights, baglay added.
the provisional measures constitute the first step in what might be a long affair.
this story is from december 20, 2018external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj with her maldivian counterpart abdulla shahid holds the mou documents .
.
.
read moremake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
washington: the trump administration said it welcomes india's reinvigorating ties with maldives , two days after new delhi announced a $1.
4-billion financial assistance to the island-nation faced with a daunting challenge to fend off mounting chinese debts.
the statement from the trump administration came as the newly elected president of maldives, ibrahim mohamed solih, wrapped up his three-day visit to india.
during the visit, solih had called india his country's closest friend and largest trading partner.
the two countries have also agreed to remain mindful of each other's concerns and aspirations for stability in the strategic indian ocean region and boost maritime cooperation.
we welcome india reinvigorating its ties with maldives and note the many positive announcements that came out of prime minister solih's recent visit to india, deputy assistant secretary of state for south and central asia david ranz told indian reporters wednesday.
india, ranz said, shares america's view of maldives' critical role in the security of the indo-pacific and the importance of offering support during this transition period.
solih's visit to india within a month after taking charge of presidency is seen as an effort by his government to repair ties with india.
the bilateral relations had strained during the rule of his predecessor abdulla yameen , who had developed increasingly closer ties with china.
during solih's visit, prime minister narendra modi said there are infinite possibilities between the two neighbours.
india will always stand by you in your government's ambitious efforts to change the lives of the maldivian people.
for the social and economic development of maldives, india will extend budget support, currency swap and lines of credit worth $1.
4 billion, modi said.
ranz has just returned from a visit to male.
the purpose of his visit was to examine ways the us can expand its partnership with maldives in pursuit of a free and open indo-pacific.
the us do not have an embassy in maldives and the american ambassador in sri lanka is also the envoy to male.
the election of president solih and subsequent peaceful transition of power was a major democratic moment, and one that the united states views as profoundly significant for the broader region, ranz said.
soon after the election in early october, principal deputy assistant secretary alice wells was in male as the first high-level trump administration visitor to maldives.
ranz's visit last week served to build on the relationships with the new government established by wells and us ambassador to sri lanka and maldives aliana b teplitz  who recently assumed the role and led us delegation to president solih's november 17 inauguration  and ramp up america's coordination on maldives' short and long-term needs.
the united states is looking to providing assistance in the areas of debt analysis and sustainability, justice-sector capacity building, civil society support, and environmental aid  all areas the maldivian government has identified as priorities in its 100-day plan, ranz said.
the united states has also offered security assistance given maldives' strategic location on key sea lanes, he said, adding that the us has already committed $10 million to maldives.
we believe this support will help strengthen democracy, improve governance, root out corruption, enhance security, and promote economic development, which are priorities we are emphasizing across the region as part of our vision for the indo-pacific, ranz said.
maldives occupies a very important geo-strategic position in the indo-pacific given the volume of trade that transits through the sea lanes it sits astride.
according to reports, the maldives' debt to china has reached $ 3 billion.
with its recent return to a democratic path, we see maldives as a country that can tap the initiatives we are rolling out across the indo-pacific and become a valuable partner in realizing a secure, strong, and prosperous indo-pacific region, ranz said.
hyderabad: job agents resort to various fraudulent practices to traffic women to the gulf.
a 29-year-old woman from the city who went to saudi arabia found to her shock, that a stranger was shown as her husband in the travel documents by her agents.
the woman, samina begum, was sent to al-qasim on the promise of a good job in july 2016, was shocked when her kafeel (employer) asked her if the man who also travelled with her was her husband.
the man, mohammad abdul nayeem, who also hails from hyderabad, was shown in travel documents as her husband by two illegal agents.
samina begum is allegedly being treated like a slave in saudi.
she has informed her parents about her plight.
samina's father shaik abdul roof , a resident of amannagar, murad mahal, talab katta, said samina was looking for a job, when she was approached by local agent mohd haji, a resident of nawab saheb kunta who promised her a job in saudi arabia.
and a salary of 1000 riyals for one year if she worked as a housemaid.
samina travelled hyd-delhi-masqat-al qasim in july 2016 and was received by her kafil khaled bin mohammed who took her to work in his household.
in a letter to external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj , her father said samina was being made to work for 18 hours without proper food and accommodation.
she was also not paid for nine months.
when she wants to return to india, the kafeel is demanding that she cough up 3 lakh which he reportedly paid the agent to buy her, roof told toi adding that the local agent refused to help.
mohammed abdul nayeem, who was also sent as samina begum's 'husband' returned after three months as he suffered a heart attack there and his family paid the agent 50,000 to bring him back.
what is even more shocking is that samina begum is being deprived of food by the kafeel, and being forced to gatecrash into wedding celebrations there and get some food for herself and subsist on it for some days.
she is being sent to wherever there are weddings so that she can beg for food.
saminas father has written to the external affairs minister to rescue her from the kafeel and bring her back to india.
