on the 60th day of after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
bengaluru: anti-land grabbing action committee convener a t ram said action will be taken against land grabbers who have converted black money by buying agricultural land.
The meeting was also attended by RBI Governor and Deputy Governor R Gandhi, apart from senior Finance Ministry officials.
A bench of Chief Justice T S Thakur and Justice D Y Chandrachud listed the matter after Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi mentioned it and sought an urgent hearing.
unique identification authority of india (uidai), the nodal body responsible for rolling out the aadhaar programme in the country, has also come out in favour of incentives for shopkeepers using the biometric mode for digital transactions, in line with commission given by banks to business correspondents, in a bid to promote aadhaar-based payment system in rural pockets.
prime minister modi , on november 29 last year, had asked bjp mps and mlas to submit their bank account statements of transaction between november 8, the day he announced demonetisation, and december 31 to party chief amit shah on january 1.
Replying to a question on the income-tax department chargesheet against him, Amarinder said there was no substance in the case and that it was completely politically motivated.
patna: senior bjp functionary sushilkumarmodi on tuesday said rajesh agrawal, the chartered accountant of mishail packers and printers pvt ltd, an alleged shell firm run by rjd chief lalu prasad's eldest daughter misa bharti and her husband shailesh kumar, has confessed to enforcement directorate (ed) that he had converted black money to the tune of rs 1.
Rohatgi said that as directed by the apex court on the last hearing of the case, the Centre has filed the transfer petition.
in his 42-minute intervention, modi said the gst regime would compel traders to give proper bills to consumers and help fight corruption and black money.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi said that the Centre had filed a reply in the Supreme Court in compliance with the top courts earlier order on the issue.
sack sushmaswaraj , says rahul gandhinew delhi, june 16, 2015, dhns 23:29 istcongress vice-president rahul gandhi on monday asked prime minister narendra modi to sack external affairs minister sushmaswaraj swaraj for helping former ipl chief lalit modi who is the symbol of black money.
He had planned to disrupt the rally in Chabbewal but was stopped from sneaking in.
but the list, submitted to the supreme court, is not complete and it lacks the details of persons with black money, nitishkumar said.
by ptithimphu: prime minister modi on sunday said the students in bhutan have the power and potential to do extraordinary things, which will impact future generations, as he proposed extensive cooperation between the two countries in new areas such as space and digital payments.
Sterner measures are needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people are to be guarded, he said.
Tax evasion would be increasingly difficult because at some point of transaction - from inception to the end - the whole process of manufacture would be captured on the IT backbone that is beingdeveloped.
The Indian voter does get swayed, but cant be taken for granted.
Our effort is to have as much public expenditure as possible while managing fiscal deficit, he said.
There is a chill in the air, with dark clouds rolling towards the coast threatening to unleash a storm.
Despite all odds, the people of the country have accepted this reality with enthusiasm and have shown greater maturity.
The per capita net national income (current price) during 2016-17 is estimated to be Rs 1,03,818 showing a rise of  10.2 per cent compared to Rs 94,178 during 2015-16 with the growth rate of  8.9 per cent.
if the cashless economy is a chariot, the bhim app is the charioteer.
prem nath pandeynaik mahendra singh, 30, was serving at roughly 20,000 feet above sea level in siachen when prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 notes on november 8 last year.
speaking at the same event, finance minister arunjaitley said the revenue department and the ed had a very important role to play in indias war against black money.
modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
other atms which are yet to be recalibrated, will continue to dispense rs 2000 till they are recalibrated, economic affairs secretary shaktikanta das had said on monday.
modiji has betrayed the people on the issue of providing jobs to two crore people every year and depositing rs 15 lakh cash into their accounts by bringing (back) black money stashed abroad, gandhi said.
modi said you would all get rs 15 lakh each; that the black money would be brought back.
saying that he was ridiculed when he first pitched for digital payments, modi said the experiences narrated by the beneficiaries were a befitting reply to such naysayers.
b'rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo) rajasthan cm vasundhararaje (source: pti photo)demonetisation has hammered hard on corruption and the gst implementation has brought a positive change in the economy, rajasthan chief minister vasundhararaje said on thursday, lauding 3 years of modi government at centre.
in a facebook post on the second anniversary of demonetisation, arunjaitley said in first four years of the national democratic alliance government, the number of income tax returns filers has gone up to 6.
on bilateral treaties on black money, arunjaitley said he had sent a delegation recently to switzerland.
PTI Photo Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
The Rs 1,000 currency notes will make a comeback in a few months, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das told reporters here.
patna: senior bjp functionary modi on tuesday said rajesh agrawal, the chartered accountant of mishail packers and printers pvt ltd, an alleged shell firm run by rjd chief lalu prasad's eldest daughter misa bharti and her husband shailesh kumar, has confessed to enforcement directorate (ed) that he had converted black money to the tune of rs 1.
jaitley said the cap on cash transactions is being reduced to curb generation of black money and the move to introduce electoral bonds is for cleansing the political funding.
mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister modi announced the demonetisation move.
rahul gandhi has asked the bengal congress unit to organise a slew of meetings for drawing up the congress manifesto for bengal telegraph file picturethe congresss manifesto consultation exercise, an assignment from none other than gandhi , has thrown a fresh challenge for the bengal unit of the party that is grappling with cash crunch and organisational decline.
DCCBs have collected Rs 8000 crore in three days.
Any legitimate deposit in Jan Dhan account, the person concerned would not be put to any inconvenience.
making an emotional appeal at a function in goa in november 2016, modi had said there were certain forces up against him that may not let him live and destroy him due to his decision on demonetisation.
as part of his push for digital payments, modi asked the youth to capitalise on a scheme that entails cash rewards for those encouraging others to use the governments bharat interface for money (bhim) app for transactions.
(source: pti)bihar chief minister nitishkumar on friday said the centres advocacy of cashless economy is possible only when there is a bank branch in every panchayat and space will be provided to start new banks in panchayat bhawans in the state.
Though it had secured some advantaged earlier, things have deteriorated now to such an extent that they may not even win four seats in Punjab, he said.
with regard to the impact of demonetisation on rabi sowing, das said the total sowing area so far is almost at par with last year and whatever shortfall has happened will be made good in the coming weeks.
mamata mamatabanerjee has repeatedly asked the centre to take concrete steps to bring back the black money from abroad, but they have not heeded, he said.
agreeing with congress leader mallikarjun kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties, modi said: but we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you?
acknowledging the legitimate expectation of relief in the middle class and cash-only informal sector, arunjaitley said the budget will help beat the fallout of the governments demonetisation initiative.
black money bill to be taken up in parliament next week: fmnew delhi, may 1, 2015 (pti) 13:19 istfinance minister arunjaitley today said the government will next week take up for consideration the new black money bill in the lok sabha to effectively deal with the menace of unaccounted wealth stashed abroad.
Slamming Congress and Left parties for focusing only on difficulties seen after demonetisation drive, Jaitley said they were completely ignoring the economic and moral objectives behind the move.
bengaluru: chief minister siddaramaiah on saturday asked the union government why raids and arrests in connection with unaccounted money were carried out only in states not ruled by bjp.
prime minister modi prime minister modi modiprime minister modi has asked his ministerial colleagues to give details of tours, if any, undertaken by them during the last three months, an exercise aimed at ascertaining whether they promoted demonetisation and other initiatives, sources said.
recently, finance minister arunjaitley had said that all efforts are being made to bring to book those who have been named in the hsbc bank list of black money holders and there are evidence against them.
noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his new year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, amarinder said modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from punjab and uttar pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
The supply of essential commodities is very closely monitored.
He said cash was being made available to co-operative banks for crop loan disbursement.
focus is on production and supply of rs. 500 and lower denomination notes, mr. das said in another tweet.
WATCH VIDEO: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Slams Opposition Over DemonetisationLeader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, Ghulam Nabi Azad, earlier said that Dr Singh would like to speak something.
seeking to rope in youngsters to promote cashless transactions, modi said for every person introduced to the bhim app, one will get a cashback of rs 10.
Seventy years of change would need at least 70 days.
To a jibe by CPI(M) member Mohammad Salim, he said nowhere in the world will a Marxist say that there are virtues of cash.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, siddaramaiah has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
on his governments attempts to tackle the menace of black money, modi said, in our very first cabinet meeting, we decided to act tough the common people, who had seen others acquire huge bungalows, costly cars and other property with black money, have stood with us.
Earlier, it was so much in cash and so much in cheque.
Noting that the symbolic sops he had announced for farmers in his New Year eve address to the nation were not enough to rescue the farming community from the crisis into which they had been plunged due to note ban, Amarinder said Modi had failed to announce debt waiver even though the Congress had recently submitted to him more than one crore forms from Punjab and Uttar Pradesh farmers seeking relaxation.
Political parties enjoy no immunity whatsoever, said Jaitley, adding that If there is any discrepancy in the books or records of political parties, they are as liable to be questioned by the Income Tax authorities as is anyone else.
rohatgi said linking pan with aadhaar was needed to curb the practice of tax evasion and to keep tabs on the circulation of black money as pan was not a foolproof deterrent.
Now there will be less cash transaction and an increase in digital currency, Jaitley said.
das said the government is keeping a close watch on deposits in jan dhan account as in many cases such account are being misused for parking black money.
vasudevan,chennaionly a partial stepprime minister narendra modis claim (demonetisation flushed out black money, says modi, feb.
buttressing his point, arunjaitley said that the services and financial sectors, which normally grow at around 9-10 per cent, had a fall in growth even before demonetisation was announced.
Action will be taken against those jewellers who fail to take PAN numbers from such buyers, Adhia said.
While hearing a batch of pleas challenging various aspects of demonetisation, the court had said that all the parties should sit together and prepare a list of categories of cases which could be referred to high courts and those that could be heard by the apex court.
don't evaluate me only on demonetisation and gst; we brought economic reform, built toilets, brought electricity to 18,000 villages, modi had said in an interview to zee news.
The Finance Minister said the cash-to-GDP ratio in India is  12.2 per cent as against 2 to 5 per cent in developed and emerging economies.
modi to stress on black money at g-20 summitnew delhi, nov 11, 2014, dhns: 0:29 istprime minister narendramodi on monday said that he would stress on international cooperation against black money in his interventions at the g-20 summit in australia.
With the existing RBI norms allowing only Rs 24,000 withdrawal a week from savings account and Rs 1 lakh from current account, it is not possible for the candidates to defray their expenditure given the two weeks they would have for campaigning, from January 21 (when final list will be announced by EC after scrutiny of nominations) to February 2 (the last date for electioneering), he wrote in the letter.
pointing out that india is witnessing historic transformations in a wide range of sectors, prime minister modi said india is keen to cooperate extensively in new frontiers, from schools to space, digital payments to disaster management.
officers said this was the biggest haul of scrapped notes in the calcutta police area since prime minister modi announced demonetisation of the two categories of notes on november 8.
The counter: "People of Punjab are aware that the Akalis and the Badals have looted Punjab for the last 10 years.
we will strive to restock atms at the earliest and make them operational, sbi chairperson arundhatibhattacharya said.
Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh on Sunday asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to waive farmers loans if he was serious about alleviating their woes following his demonetisation move.
He said the CBDT is taking "surgical action" on data provided by the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) and the Suspicious Transaction Reports (STRs) filed by banks for detecting illegal accumulation of new currency".
on the 60th day of after prime minister modi announced demonetisation -- the situation, which sucked out 86  of the countrys bank notes in circulation -- a dena bank branch in khimana village in gujarat was pelted with stones.
Two categories of people have not changed - politicians and mediapersons.
Depositing the old currency notes in the banks will not provide any relief from taxation," said Jaitley".
the pmo direction came after it emerged that rs 1,238 crore was deposited in these entities during the november-december period after prime minister narendramodi announced demonetisation.
in the 26th edition of mann ki baat programme, prime minister modi said, i know cashless economy is different.
These are your hospitals and they give proper receipts, it said.
wannacry doesnt look like something that will affect the atms, unlike personal or corporate endpoints, said modi , the ceo and co-founder of lucideus.
pm modi with bjp chief amit shah pm modi with bjp chief amit shahformer sp youth wing president of baghpat district, tarun deo yadav, has announced appropriate reward for those who would behead prime minister modi and bjp chief amit shah for creating an emergency-like situation through demonetisation and being responsible for the 2002 godhra riots.
digital payments are the future of financial transactions, arunjaitley said at the punjab national bank app launching ceremony held here.
Attempts by some political parties and a section of the media to provokethe people against the government have proved futile, Jaitley said".
So the focus is further strengthening and activation of the network of Business Correspondents, the network of post offices, ATM networks and the network and reach of the banking system, activation and widening the facility of e-payment and finally great emphasis.
asked if his opposition to demonetisation could have been a reason for the nda government not to give another term to the then rbi governor, ram said, in retrospect, that could be one of the reasons but i think there were other reasons also.
we will take more action under the benami act against those who are hoarding black money in kind and properties, modi said to the thumping of the desks by the treasury benches.
But in equal measure, I would also implore them to do adequate research before jumping the gun.
???? This would prevent certain syndicates and certain kind of people coming to branch again and again, he said.
A lot of hardship, violence and killings were witnessed during the Independence movement and partition, the BJP leader said, adding had there been TV channels at that time, the difficulties would have been highlighted instead of the freedom.
He also endorsed the elevation of Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi.
Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for the Centre, had said that the government was aware of the situation in cooperative banks which lack proper infrastructure and mechanism as compared to scheduled banks.
The submission came after senior advocate P Chidambaram, appearing for cooperative banks, questioned the governments decision, saying that the rural economy was almost paralysed due to non-inclusion of cooperative banks.
The Prime Minister redefined the new normal though his bold initiative of demonetisation of high value currency notes.
(source: ap) pm modi also said that combating the menace of black money and tax evasion will be india and switzerlands shared priority.
the bank is fully geared to meet all the financial requirements of its retail as well as corporate customers with its nation-wide net-work of branches and atms, said jain.
Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said the third quarter and the  7.1 per cent growth projected for full fiscal are "definitely something noteworthy"".
We had said that most of the reports were anecdotal, not based on statistics.
prime minister modi said he is performing a yagna against black money and corruption.
for the urban population, das said recalibration of atms has already started and they will start dispensing the new rs 2,000 currency notes from today or tomorrow.
According to the RBI, the Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes accounted for 86% of the total value of notes in circulation.
cautioning the party against drawing unfair parallels between the demonetisation and the surgical strike on terror launch pads along the loc, modi said that more steps would be taken to fight black money and corruption.
finance secretary ashok lavasa on december 16 had said that the withdrawal limit was to be reviewed after december 30, 2016.
attacking former prime minister manmohan singh, who has been unsparing in his criticism of demonetisation, modi said he advocated strong measures against corruption and black money but did nothing during his rule of 10 years.
many educational institutions had been under the government scanner over alleged monetary discrepancies even before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation exercise on november 8.
if they (the akalis) are allowed to continue with their uninhibited control over the state's administration till the completion of the polls, they will not only plunge the state into further lawlessness but will misuse the sgpc to covert their black money into white, said amarinder.
with industry demanding lowering of proposed gst rates of 5%, 12%, 18% and 28% post the demonetisation, cbec chairman najib shah said the centre and the states at present collect rs 8 lakh crore from indirect taxes, minus customs duty, and the same level of revenue has to be collected in the gst regime.
modi said the centre was scared of ramdev asking to weed out black money after the arrest of hasan ali who was now under the supreme court scanner.
As regards to the inflation, Jaitley said it is at  3.6 per cent as against the target of 4 per cent (+/- 2 per cent) given to the RBI and the current account deficit has been brought down to  0.3 per cent from a high of  4.5 per cent during UPA regime.
addressing a gathering at fintech festival in singapore , pm modi said that digital payments are a gateway to a world of possibilities, adding that they increase the productivity of individuals and our economy.
The thinking and system that remained the rule for 70 long years was changed and the status quo was given up, as the country is set to move away from being a developing nation to emerge as a developed country, he said, adding that confronting the new normal in India was not easy.
modi asked party leaders to work during the week to give a boost to the use of bhim app, a digital payment application, by educating the masses about it and helping them download it, parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar told reporters after the meeting.
this will improve the functioning of toll plaza, digital payments, das said.
pm seeks views of people on demonetisationnew delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 12:26 istamid opposition attack, prime minister modi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on demonetisation via his app.
hyderabad: union minister m naidu today said chartered accountants in india will have huge opportunities and challenges when the goods and services tax (gst) is implementedaddressing the icai international conference 'jnana yagna' here, the urban development minister said chartered accountants should play a vital role in addressing issues such as curbing black money.
(PTI Photo)Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday objected to former prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh speak on the issue of demonetisation in Rajya Sabha and asked the opposition to resume the debateIf it is on the demonetisation issue let the opposition resume the debate and let Dr. Manmohan Singh speak.
mamata had sent an invite to the finance minister weeks before prime minister narendramodi announced the demonetisation move.
expressing gratitude to the people, modi said over the last few months the country has witnessed an atmosphere in which people in large numbers have participated in the digital payment, digidhan movement.
pm seeks views of people on demonetisationnew delhi, nov 22, 2016, (pti) 12:26 istamid opposition attack, prime minister narendramodi today asked the people to directly convey their views to him on demonetisation via his app.
read | pm modi launches three indian digital payment apps in singaporeadvocating indias open stand on international trade regime, pm modi said india stands for a stable environment in the indo-pacific region.
also watch | up elections 2017: muzaffarnagar revisitedagreeing with congress leader mallikarjun kharges argument that black money gets parked in gold and properties, modi said: but we want to know when did this realisation dawn on you?
Reduction in parallel economy would increase the size of formal economy," he added.
on whether the government has assessed the extent of impact on shipments, teaotia told pti that commerce ministry has entered into a consultative process with all the export promotion councils to understand the level of adaptation to the effects of demonetisation".
demonetisation +times of india litfest +new delhi:will hasten the digitisation of the financial economy and financial inclusion, said nandan nilekani , former chairman of the unique identification authority of india, at thetoday.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the government's decision will move the country towards a cashless economy.
pm modi also said that combating the menace of black money and tax evasion will be india and switzerlands shared priority.
we will be talking about the steps taken up by the government in curbing black money, uniform civil code and lack of scams, bihar deputy cm modi said.
#demonetisation, mamatabanerjee said in a series of five tweets on wednesday.
there was some slowdown visible given the global and domestic situation even prior to demonetisation in the last year, arunjaitley said while addressing media on completion of three years of the modi government.
The ink has also been used in pulse polio programmes in India and other countries and is sometimes used in hospitals to mark cancer-affected parts of the body.
taking a jibe at the sp and bsp, modi said though they always bayed for each others blood, the adversaries were together on a common platform on the issue of the note ban.
chief minister nitishkumar says the cases of black money and benami properties against lalu clan fall under the domain of central government, but this case pertains to the state government only.
If there is no debate, nobody from the opposition is going to be allowed to speak, Jaitley said.
pm modi said those opposing evms are not only opposed to evms, they have problems with technology, digital transactions, aadhaar, gst, bhim app.
Trails being pursued by agencies.
at a time when people are distressed due to the demonetisation of rs 500 and rs 1,000 currency notes by the union government, ram has announced a series of programmes for the development of backward classes and has also announced schemes for the agricultural sector.
he added.
this will improve the functioning of toll plazas, digital payments, das said.
Stronger and sterner measures were needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people were to be guarded against frequent external assaults, he said.
The bench said it will examine it on Monday.
Similarly, banks have been advised to waive debit and credit card charges.
Watch What Else is Making NewsStating that people still feel inspired and enthused under the Modi government, the minister noted that resentment builds up with passage of time after a new dispensation takes over, but there is no such feeling against the BJP-led regime.
pitching the use of bhim app to make digital transactions, modi once again, asked the people to teach others how to use the app.
Registered traders at mandis can withdraw Rs 50,000 per week to meet labour costs, he added.
In a letter to Chief Election Commissioner Nasim Zaidi, Amarinder said that, given the time constraints, the matter needed urgent attention of the EC and the RBI, to facilitate fair play of democratic processes.
pm modi also asked the youth to download bhim app for making digital payments.
cashless economyon the governments move to push for a digital, cashless economy, ram said across the world people are moving towards cash and its the opposite in india.
for promoting digital transactions there is a need to popularise rupay card among people, bihar cm nitishkumar said.
They enjoy no immunity whatsoever.
| reutersnew delhi: india will offer tax incentives to small businesses engaged in cashless transactions, finance minister arunjaitley told reporters on tuesday, as part of the government's fight against the cash economy.
ridiculing the idea of cashless economy, ram said nowhere in the world has such kind of economy been fully implemented.
while campaigning for the lok sabha elections in 2014, modi had said that, if voted to power, the nda government would bring back the black money within 100 days of forming the government.
Going forward we should see improvements in the sector," Das said.
talking about the new reforms to check unaccounted money in the political system, arunjaitley said the proposed electoral bonds will maintain anonymity of donors.
watch what else is making newsat a time when the government is fighting the cash crunch following the demonetisation move, arunjaitley said that the government would focus on rural areas and more measures would be announced to bring relief to farmers.
As far as government departments and Central PSUs are concerned, he said they have been advised to carry out all payments online and resort to cash withdrawal only in totally unavoidable situations.
prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabha prime minister narendramodi in rajya sabhaspeaking against corruption and black money during his reply to the debate on motion of thanks to presidents address in rajya sabha, prime minister narendramodi on wednesday said the governments fight against corruption is not political.
the government will take many more innovative steps to make assam the first state to achieve the target of 100 per cent cashless and digital transactions, sonowal said.
(File Photo) Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
He told the apex court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
sharma said prime minister narendramodi , during bjp's poll campaign, had claimed that black money was to the tune of rs 85 lakh crore.
bulk of black money still in india: jaitleynew delhi, oct 05, 2015, dhns 1:36 istfm outlines measures to check itafter a clampdown on overseas unaccounted wealth and assets, finance minister arunjaitley on sunday said the bulk of black money is still within india.
this law will enable confiscation of benami property and provide for prosecution, thus blocking a major avenue for generation and holding of black money in the form of benami property, especially in real estate, arunjaitley had said.
digital india has checked black money and black marketing and uprooted middlemen, modi said.
in his letter today, dubey claimed that ever since modi announced the demonetisation decision on november 8, thomas became restive and started searching for options to politicise the revolutionary step.
he said modi had also said that black money stashed abroad is equal to five union budgets and that it was enough to put rs 15 lakh in the account of all indian citizens.
maen desh ke kale dhan ke neeche garibon ke dabne nahi doonga (i will not allow black money to crush the poor), modi told the parliamentary party meeting of the bjp on tuesday morning.
new delhi: delhi chief minister arvindkejriwal on tuesday said he will request lieutenant governor anil baijal to approve appointment of pharmacists in the city hospitals to avoid long queues for medicines, said an official.
The situation is normalising in the urban areas.
singling out the gandhis for seeking account of demonetisation, modi asked whether the mother-son duo who are out on bail for financial irregularities would give him certificate of honesty.
the new generation believes in digital payments, modi said in his monthly radio programme mann ki baat.
the quotation killings and attacks began to be reported across the state, particularly from malappuram and kozhikode, by the late 1980s and early 90s, with unaccounted money flowing in from the gulf and with gold smuggling becoming lucrative,retired sp babu says hawala operators and gold dealers in kozhikode and malappuram were the first to tap the potential of quotation gangs.
Roughly whatever has been taken out by the end of the month, about at least 50 per cent of the notes which were in circulation, which were actually in circulation, at least 50 per cent of the notes would have been supplied in another 10-15 days, Das said.
Rohatgi told the court that black money destabilises economy and the country.
new delhi: prime minister modi on sunday announced lucky draw schemes for people who use digital payment methods including e-banking, mobile banking and e-wallets.
Stronger and sterner measures were needed to ensure foolproof border security if the nation and its people were to be guarded against frequent external assaults, he said.
the country, which was once referred to as a 'golden bird', has now become just the opposite, modi said addressing a public rally at parade grounds here and reiterated his commitment to take on the corrupt and black money.
Trails being pursued by agencies.
Now there will be less cash transaction and increase in digital currency," Jaitley said to a gathering of intellectuals.
Jaitley categorically said there is no question of sparing anyone, and the political class is no exception.
modi said people who cannot endorse action against corruption and black money were relentlessly searching for faults with his government.
CHANDIGARH: Punjab Congress president Capt Amarinder Singh said on Tuesday that he had met cricketer-turned-politician Navjot Singh Sidhu and felt that the BJP rebel was interested in campaign for the Congress in the run-up to the 2017 assembly elections Hinting at Sidhu announce his role in the Punjab Congress soon, Amarinder said the decision on contesting the Amritsar Lok Sabha byelection had been left to the former MP.
