;;0.0;;king mahendra entered the rajya sabha seventh time while it is the fourth term for ravishankarprasad and third term for bashistha.
;;0.4019;;several party members from the poorvanchal community attended the function, including union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and giriraj singh.
;;0.0;;the peri-operative phase was managed by nephrologist dr ravishankarprasad , chief intensivisit dr kuchela babum, cardiologist dr m n raju, physician dr sameer kumar panda, ent dr surendra y lele, psychiatrist dr s anuradha and physiotherapist dr vinod.
;;-0.5574;;kolkata: as musicians mourned pt ravishankarprasad on monday, the fifth anniversary of his death, many of them were also eagerly anticipating a new song on the sitar, the instrument he almost single-handedly made famous the world over.
;;0.0;;bjps national general secretary bhupender yadav, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and ashwini kumar choubey, partys state president nityanand rai, deputy cm sushil kumar modi, rajya sabha member dr c p thakur and ministers nand kishore yadav and mangal pandey also attended the feast.
;;0.3612;;rai said union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and ram kripal yadav would participate in the conclave of the intelligentsia.
;;0.4939;;the function was attended by governor satya pal malik, chief minister nitish kumar , deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, ram vilas paswan, upendra kushwaha and state education minister krishnanandan prasad verma besides thousands of students, faculty members and enlightened citizens of the state capital.
;;0.2263;;union minister ravishankarprasad has declared in his affidavit that he owns movable properties worth rs 17.
;;0.3612;;we are wondering as to how asi permitted a corporate spiritual leader like ravishankarprasad to conduct a private event inside unesco-tagged heritage site.
;;0.0;;kushwaha excused himself citing his preoccupation in delhi, even as bihar chief minister nitish kumar , union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and radha mohan singh, deputy cm sushil kumar modi, bjp national general secretary in-charge of the state bhupendra yadav and ljp chief ram vilas paswan attended the gathering.
;;0.4215;;but when trs announced konke ravishankarprasad as its candidate from choppadandi , she decided to join bjp and contest on its ticket.
;;0.128;;varanasi: reiterating his call for an out-of-court settlement of the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid case, spiritual leader and founder of the art of living foundation sri sri ravishankarprasad said on tuesday that muslims should gift the disputed land in ayodhya to hindus for building a ram temple.
;;-0.6908;;hyderabad: after spiritual leader and founder of art of living ravishankarprasad made a controversial remark regarding babri masjid-ram janmabhoomi dispute, a case was registered by moghalpura police on thursday based on a complaint given by darsagah-e-jehad-eshahadat (djs).
;;-0.5267;;moghapura police said djs secretary salauddin affan , alleged that ravishankarprasad made a provocative statement against muslim community with an intention to hurt feelings.
;;-0.3919;;at saidabad police station, another complaint was lodged against ravishankarprasad on the same issue by one syed faiyazuddin , but police clarified that no case was registered as they are seeking legal opinion.
;;-0.3182;;he also accused union ministers ravishankarprasad and thawar chand gehlot of misleading the country by neither clarifying the formula and criteria to seek benefits under this 10  quota.
;;-0.2263;;stalwarts such as ravishankarprasad , and ali akbar khan sahib have all disappeared.
;;0.0;;a cluster of rectangular iron bars that were protruding out of the tractor-trolley smashed through the windscreen of the pickup van and hit ravishankarprasad and his son ganpat in the face and chest.
;;-0.7783;;while ravishankarprasad and his son ganpat died on the spot, ramphool and leelaram, who were sitting in the cargo area, suffered minor injuries and were released from hospital after first-aid.
;;0.0;;from the bjp side, the two seats held are by union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and dharmendra pradhan.
;;-0.6705;;while earlier the understanding was that in case of pef (preserved ejection fraction) which happens due to the reduced capacity to pump blood, the risk of heart failure was less but now we are seeing an increasing trend in heart failure due to pef in the city as well as the northern part of the state, said d a sai ravishankarprasad , senior consultant cardiologist and former general secretary, cardiology society of india, telangana the most common reason for this is hypertension .
;;0.0;;drishti marine ceo ravishankarprasad , told toi that drishti recommenced beach cleaning on the request of the state government from november 27, in a staggered manner.
;;0.0;;the music, i didnt know at the time was by ravishankarprasad .
;;-0.0644;;todays youngsters are definitely talented but it will be difficult to be trendsetters such as pandit ravishankarprasad , ustad bismillah khan and ustad vilayat khan , to name a few.
;;0.8402;;the party wants to muster their traditional loyalty and also give a message to such people that their unflinching support to its nominee ravishankarprasad and, for that matter to pm narendra modi, is solicited, he added.
;;0.0;;even as the bjp has sent ravishankarprasad to the rajya sabha thrice and he became union minister both in the atal bihari vajpayee and narendra modi governments at the centre, it is for the first time that he is contesting election for the lok sabha.
