new delhi, sep 22, 2015 (pti) 14:39 istfollowing a public uproar over threat to privacy, the government today withdrew the draft encryption policy which made it mandatory for storage of all messages, including social media, for 90 days.
i personally feel that some of the expression used in the draft are giving rise to uncalled-for misgivings.
therefore, i have written to deity to withdraw that draft, rework it properly and thereafter put in the public domain, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
generally, all modern messaging services like whatsapp, viber, line, google chat, yahoo messenger and the like come with a high level of encryption and many a time, security agencies find it hard to intercept these messages.
yesterday, it was brought to our notice that draft has been put in the public domain seeking comments.
i wish to make it very clear that it is just a draft and not the view of the government.
i have noted concerns expressed.
.
.
by the public, prasad said.
as per the original draft, the new encryption policy proposes that every message a user sends -- be it through whatsapp, sms, e-mail or any such service -- must be mandatorily stored in plain text format for 90 days and made available on demand to security agencies.
prasad said the government under the leadership of prime minister narendra modi has promoted social media activism.
the right of articulation and freedom, we fully respect but at the same time, we need to acknowledge that cyber space transaction is rising enormously for individuals, businesses, the government and companies, prasad said.
the draft proposed legal action that could entail imprisonment for failure to store and produce on demand the encrypted message sent from any mobile device or computer.
the draft, issued by the department of electronics and information technology, was applicable on everyone, including government departments, academic institutions, citizens and for all kinds of communications -- be it official or personal.
besides, all service providers located within and outside india that use encryption technology must register themselves with the government, as per the draft.
prasad, however, maintained that there's need for an encryption policy which would apply to those who are involved in encrypting a messaging product for a variety of reasons.
the policy was proposed under section 84 a of the information technology act, 2000 through an amendment in 2008.
the sub-section 84 c, which was also introduced at around the same time, carries provisions of imprisonment for any violation of the act.
telcos to be allowed to install mobile sites on govt buildingsnew delhi, aug 12, 2015, (pti) 16:29 istthe department of telecom and urban development ministry have agree in-principle to permit installation of mobile towers at government buildings, a move that may reduce the problem of call drops.
a meeting was held on july 22 between dot and ministry of urban development (moud) on this issue.
.
.
.
it has been in-principle agreed that moud shall permit installation of mobile towers/in-building solutions in government buildings under their control subject to structural safety and payment of appropriate licence fee by the telecom service providers (tsp), telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to lok sabha today.
such mobile towers should be a shared facility for all operators, he said, adding that to prevent call drops, installation of more towers is necessary.
while the operators need to optimise and reinforce their networks, extensive campaign on radiation issue is dissuading the people from allowing towers to be installed, prasad said.
further, the minister said, dot has pro-actively engaged in allaying the apprehensions of adverse effects on health due to emf radiations from mobile towers.
prasad said moud and chief ministers have been addressed for providing single window clearances, space in government lands and buildings for mobile sites, speedy right of way (row) clearances and ensuring 24x7 power.
dot had convened meetings with telecom operators in april as well as second week of july on the call drop issue, wherein they have been asked to take immediate measures to address the problem by radio frequency optimisation, installation of new sites and in-building solutions as per the requirement.
prasad said that in order to assess the gravity of problem of call drops, the term cells have been asked to take up special audit to assess the coverage or quality of service in metro or capital cities of all mobile operators network in respect of key performance indicators.
in addition to the existing provision of financial disincentives to tsps for failing to meet the quality of service benchmark parameters prescribed by trai.
.
.
on the issue of compensating consumers for dropped calls, trai's views has been sought by dot, the minister added.
the minister also shared information on number of complaints received by trai against various telcos relating to call drop and poor network connectivity.
prasad said till june 30 this year, there were 211 complaints against airtel, 169 against vodafone and 81 against rcom.
the number of complaints against idea stood at 46, 48 for tata, 43 for bsnl, 14 for aircel, 19 for mts and 10 for mtnl.
law minister to urge cjs to expedite 10-year-old casesdh news service, new delhi, jun 16 2017, 1:01 istlaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti file photolaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad would speak to the chief justices of all the high courts with an urge to fast-track cases that are pending for more than 10 years.
he would also request them to physically verify the pending cases in the high courts as well as local courts and take action to reduce their numbers.
prasads request comes after startling figures from the national judicial data grid revealed that there are 22.
52 lakh cases pending in local courts, accounting for 9.
25  of the 2.
43 crore pending cases of various durations.
uttar pradesh tops the chart with 7.
46 lakh pending cases, followed by gujarat with 3.
80 lakh cases and 2.
60 lakh cases in maharashtra.
karnataka has 30,739 such cases.
i will appeal to the chief justices to ensure that cases pending for more than 10 years must be expedited.
i will also direct the secretary of the department of justice (in the ministry of law) to follow it up, prasad told the media, while elaborating on the accomplishments of his ministry during the ndas three-year rule at the centre.
prasad also said the government would make an announcement at an appropriate time regarding the appointment of the successor to attorney general mukul rohatgi, who recently informed the government of his wish to be relieved of the responsibility.
we have taken note of the attorney generals request not to continue due to personal reasons.
we respect that.
rohatgi has been a very distinguished ag.
he has served with great distinction, he said.
regarding the memorandum of procedure for an appointment in the higher judiciary, prasad said it was a work in progress and the government had covered wide range.
hindutva agenda is not an example of tolerance: opp to govtnew delhi, dec 11, 2015 (pti) 16:33 istthe left and congress today attacked the government on the issue of intolerance saying the hindutva agenda is not an example of tolerance and the country will not move forward with majoritarianism.
rejecting the charge, the government said tolerance is the essence of india's culture and values and the country belongs equally to hindus and muslims or any other religion.
it alleged that the so-called intellectuals with left ideology were giving lessons on intolerance as they were unable to digest bjp's victory.
congress and left claimed the bihar poll verdict was the result of the narendra modi government's skewed policies and a reverse wave has started against bjp, which rejected it saying the opposition is unable to digest its victory.
waves don't stop, they keep moving.
they have now started in the reverse against bjp.
narendra modi and bjp promised the moon to people of the country before polls and they are feeling cheated today as none of the promises were fulfilled, congress leader anand sharma said while participating in a debate on has modi wave waned?
at an 'agenda aajtak' event.
sharma also asked the government to hear out those who returned their awards over the issue of intolerance.
attacking the government, cpi(m) leader brinda karat said its policies were not right and it has been proved by the results of bihar assembly election and gujarat civic poll.
she alleged that the government's priorities do not include the poor and the marginalised.
if intolerance and majoritarianism is brought in, then how will india move forward.
you are not an example of tolerance.
your hindutva agenda is not an example of tolerance, she said.
citing the example of a question on intolerance asked to prime minister narendra modi at a press conference in london, she said, first time in decades the prime minister had to answer such a question at an international press conference.
countering them, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad attacked the so-called intellectuals with left leanings for tarnishing the country's image by raising the issue of intolerance.
tolerance is the very essence of india.
it is part of our culture and values.
this country belongs equally to hindus, muslims or christians or any other religion.
but suddenly so-called intellectuals are trying to tarnish india's image by talking of intolerance.
what worries us is that they are unable to digest our victory and that is why they are giving us lessons on intolerance, he said.
he added that earlier it was all parties against the congress, now all are against the bjp.
this is our victory, he said.
kumaraswamy flayedlast updated: 12 april, 2011new delhi, april 11, pti: 0:43 istjd(s) leader h d kumaraswamys remarks that mahatma gandhi would have turned corrupt in the present day politics on monday drew sharp reaction from leaders including gandhian anna hazare, who wondered how the country could eliminate corruption if leaders talk like this.
if our leaders are talking like this, how are you going to root out corruption, 73-year-old hazare, who successfully led the agitation on the lokpal bill issue, said.
finance minister pranab mukherjee described as meaningless utterances comments by the jd(s) leader.
no, i will not comment.
it is a meaningless utterance and i will not give (my) reaction to it, mukherjee said in kolkata.
taking a dig at kumaraswamy, senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad asked what else can you except from mr kumaraswamy?
nothing better.
however, kumaraswamy said that he has been misquoted.
clarifying that no politician can survive by his or her money in view of the cost of the day to day political activities, he said i have not told even if mahatma gandhiji, if he was alive at this moment, and, if he was in politics, even he would have (become) corrupt.
that is not the word i said.
new delhi, june 2, 2015 (ians) 18:05 istthe frequent call drops which mobile phone users face today may soon invite a penalty for service providers, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on tuesday, while announcing free roaming facility by the state-run national telecom provider bsnl from june 15.
the minister, talking to media persons on the completion of one year of prime minister narendra modi's government, said the issue of net neutrality was being discussed internally in his ministry and a final decision will be taken soon by the union cabinet.
call drops need to get minimised.
we are in discussion for a structure to incentivise or disincentivise it, prasad said, when asked what the government was doing to check this irritant.
the minister said there were many ongoing campaigns regarding the adverse impact of mobile tower radiation.
if someone comes to me with a problem, i am ready to look at it.
.
.
.
but he mentioned that if people complained about the ill-effect of mobile towers and asked for pulling them down, then they should not be complaining about call drops as both things do not go hand-in-hand.
in april 2015, india crossed over 100 crore telephone connections.
prasad mentioned that bsnl has installed 15,000 new towers in one year to do away with call drops.
talking about the controversial net neutrality issue, the minister said the committee set up by the department of telecom has submitted reports to the government.
the final decision on it will be taken by the government and the cabinet.
he said bsnl's revenue grew by 2.
1 percent in 2014-15 reversing the trend of negative growth in previous years.
the state-run service provider also added 47 lakh active subscribers during that period.
bsnl and mtnl have launched unlimited free local calls from landlines to any landline or mobile during night hours effective from may 1, 2015.
listing the achievements, prasad said foreign direct investment in the telecom sector had topped $2.
85 billion in 2014-15 and that this was the highest in recent years -- $1.
31 billion in 2013-14, $304 million in 2012-13, $1.
99 billion in 2011-12 and $1.
66 billion in 2010-11.
talking about the digital india programme of the government, the minister mentioned that it is for the poor and marginalised in the country.
it is party neutral and ideology neutral.
alluding to the 2g telecom cases pending before the various courts for alleged improper allotment of spectrum and graft, the minister said he had taken over the reins of the ministry when it was making news for wrong reasons for a variety of factors.
when i took over a year ago the department was in news for all reasons.
but now we have faith, hope and confidence and there is collective will to work in a transparent way.
there is no place for lobbyists and middlemen in the telecom, it and india post departments, he said.
govt committed to revive postal department: prasadnew delhi, aug 20, 2015 (pti) 16:08 istcommunications minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the government will revive the postal department by using over 1.
5 lakh post offices for furthering financial inclusion and payments bank is a step towards it.
the reserve bank of india has granted 'in-principle' approval to postal department to set up payments bank.
we have to make all the preparations in 18 months, which we will do.
the modi government is going to revive the postal segment and post payment bank is an indication to that, prasad told reporters here.
he said that the 1.
50 lakh post offices from kashmir to kanyakumari will play an important role in financial inclusion.
prasad said since becoming the communications minister, he has tried that postal department should move forward.
you know in e-commerce, postal department is moving forward, they have done business of about rs 600 crore in the last 2 months, he said.
the government will soon give handheld devices to all rural post offices, he added.
the payments bank licence will enable the department of post (dop) to offer banking services to the masses through its vast network of 1,54,000 post offices, of which 1,30,000 are in rural areas.
as per rbi guidelines, payments bank would offer a limited range of products such as demand deposits and remittances.
they will not be allowed to undertake lending activities and will initially be restricted to hold a maximum balance of rs 1 lakh per customer.
they will be allowed to issue atm or debit cards as other prepaid payment instruments, but not credit cards.
meanwhile, regarding electronic manufacturing the minister said, under msips scheme proposals worth rs 30,000 crore have come and approval has been given to around rs 12,000-13,000 crore.
new delhi, feb 25,2016, dhns: 0:16 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday said one lakh gram panchayats will get optical fibre cable network by the end of this year.
the timeline for connecting 1 lakh gram panchayats (gps) with optical fibre cable (ofc) to provide broadband connectivity under phase 1 has been revised to december 31, 2016, minister said in a written reply to lok sabha.
under the national optical fibre network (nofn) project, the nda government had planned to connect 50,000 gps by march 2015, another 1 lakh by march 2016 and rest of the one lakh by december 2016.
considering the vastness of project execution, the very limited resources deployed by the institutions, time required for tendering, mobilisation of physical resources.
.
.
the time line for completion of nofn project could not be met, prasad said.
the government had approved nofn project worth around rs 20,100 crore in 2011 for facilitating at least 100 megabit per second bandwidth in all the estimated 2.
5 lakh gps.
september 16, 2013: 22:57 istmodi got a ready teamin a hurried affair, bjp leaders brought narendra modi on stage and declared him their prime ministerial candidate.
though the event did not impact formal hierarchy , it did fetch sea-changes in the power leaders have been wielding for years.
apart from this, stance adopted by senior most leader lk advani had also traumatizing effect.
any one could see the effect on the faces around.
however, amidst fast moving happenings, there was a group which immediately got adjusted to the new situation.
the group mainly comprised spokespersons renewed its position without any difficulty.
ravi shankar prasad, shahnawaz hussein , prakash javdekar, rajeev pratap rudy, meenaxi lekhi and others one by one garlanded the new leader, congratulated him and expressed their loyalty through their gestures.
as a mark of renewal of their assignment, they also exchanged greetings with media-persons.
most of them have been doing so since long.
not so long ago, they did the same when nitin gadkari came from nagpur and took over.
again, they got renewed theirassignments when rajnath singh grabbed the chair.
now, it was modi.
after all, they are the people who would defend the pm candidate on tv screens and the pages of newspapers!
they had started performing their job since then when the party was yet to decide, said a seasoned journalist.
anil sinha, new delhiterror modulea day after the co-founder of the indian mujahideen (im) yasin bhatkal reportedly told his interrogators that fasih mehmood, who was deported from saudi arabia on the charges of terrorism and links with im, had no role in delhis jama masjid blasts, the nia team flew down to bihars darbhanga district along with bhatkal in a special bsf aircraft to hunt out his other terror modules.
the nia team, led by ig sanjiv singh, visited laheriasarai where bhatkal recruited his first batch of darbhanga module in 2009-10.
the four-member investigation team later went to chakjamal, a village in darbhanga, where bhatkal was known as dr imran and stayed in a rented house in 2010-11.
this was the place where bhatkal used to practise the unani system of medicine.
the nia team showed photographs of bhatkal to the local people who are believed to have recognised him by face.
they told the nia that it was the same person who lived there under the guise of a doctor.
the nia team also took bhatkal to danish ansaris house.
danish, an accused in the chinnaswamy stadium blast case, is said to have given patronage to bhatkal, when the latter was in darbhanga.
after collecting details of the new recruits, who were to serve as im operatives, the nia team left for delhi.
abhay kumar, patnafrom the hospital bedon a day when defence scientists second time tested 5,000 km range agni-5 missile, defence minister a k antony has to congratulate the team from hospital bed.
the 73-year old minister was in army research and referral hospital in the capital where he underwent a prostate surgery in the morning.
he would remain in hospital for the next couple of days to recuperate from the surgery, which officials say, is a minor one.
because of the minister's impending surgery, the defence acquisition council meeting was held on friday (sept 13) to clear purchase of military hardware worth more than rs 10,000 crore including six more c-130j super hercules aircraft for the indian air force and 235 t-90 tanks for the indian army.
the defence minister also met his counterpart from kyrgyzstan maj gen taalaibek omuraliev before his hospital admission.
new delhi, jul 30, 2015 (pti) 16:24 istbjp today hit out at congress leaders digvijay singh and shashi tharoor over their reactions to the hanging of yakub memon, saying their comments were insult to the people wanting to get rid of terrorism, and that any politics over is regrettable.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad attacked singh, saying his comments seek to question the judicial process, and spoke of singh's attempts at alignment between judicial process and politics.
it is regrettable and unfortunate, he said.
prasad said he chose to ignore tharoor's tweets against the hanging, which the congress mp dubbed as state-sponsored killing, and added that he was more troubled by singh's comments as he was a congress general secretary, chief minister for 10 years and an adviser to party vice president rahul gandhi.
prasad's ministerial colleague rajiv pratap rudy said he was shocked with tharoor's comments and termed them as bizarre.
can terrorism remain sans politics?
can the process of justice be discarded by a tweet of a senior member of parliament, he wondered, adding that the judicial process had been completed in memon's case before he was hanged today.
prasad noted the supreme court had an unprecedented hearing at 3 am, in which it rejected his lawyers' last-gasp attempts to stay his hanging.
taking a dig at tharoor, rudy said he had been handling many cases and should be familiar with legal process.
if such was his feelings, he should have intervened at right time but not debate an issue when it has been settled, he said.
bjp secretary shrikant sharma took on the congress over its two leaders' comments, saying the opposition party had always spoken in different voice on terrorism.
whether it is mani shankar aiyar or digvijay singh and we have comments from tharoor today, they (congress) have always seen to be speaking for terrorists.
it is clear from their statements today that they are insulting the peace-loving people who want to get rid of terrorism, sharma said.
govt mulls new snooping policynew delhi, june 22, 2015, pti: 1:33 istthe government is working on a new regulatory framework for lawful interception and monitoring of telephone calls and messages while safeguarding the privacy of users, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
the communications and information technology ministry is consulting the home ministry to sort out the issues related to interception by security agencies, he said.
a national telecom security policy in this regard has been in the making for many years, while a draft was proposed by the previous upa government also.
amid differences between the home and telecom ministries over interception powers of the security agencies, a final policy could not see light of the day during the previous government, while it had also faced opposition from telecom operators and other quarters on privacy and other issues.
meanwhile, the department of telecom feels there is a need for a separate security policy, as telecommunication infrastructure is not only used for mere voice communication but all the economic activities of the country.
google plans to hire more in citynew delhi, dec 16, 2015, dhns: 1:30 isttechnology giant google on wednesday said it will increase investment in india and hire more people and set up a campus at hyderabad, as the company is focussing on developing products here.
googles india-born chief executive sunder pichai told reporters that the company will also increase hiring in bengaluru.
pichai, on his first official visit to india after taking over in august, also said that the company is working towards connecting india with projects such as public wi-fi in partnership with the railways, besides project loon.
100 stations to have wi-fi by december 2016.
mumbai central (station) to go live by january.
this is in partnership with railtel, said pichai.
the telecom wing of the railways, railtel, had signed an agreement with the subsidiary of google india to provide wi-fi facilities at 400 stations across the country.
our focus is on bringing internet access to everyone, making sure our products are working for them in a meaningful way and then ensure our platform allows them to add their voice to the internet, he said.
besides, google will also expand its rural internet programme for women from pilot to full-scale programme to cover 3 lakh villages in india, he said.
pichai met finance minister arun jaitley and it & telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday.
pichai will also meet president pranab mukherjee and prime minister narendra modi to outline the ways google is trying to connect those coming online for the first time in the country of more than 1.
2 billion people.
pichai, who is credited with building products such as googles chrome browser and the chrome operating system, and is known for his keen intellect and modesty, is looking at getting more people to plug into the companys services, such as search, gmail and youtube.
he is also seeking to revive fortunes of android one phone that met with a lukewarm response from the indian market after its launch last year.
pichai said india will overtake the us in terms of users of android, that competes with apples ios and microsofts windows operating systems.
irani's visit to astrologer raked up in rsnew delhi, dec 10, 2014 (pti): 21:06 ista visit to an astrolger by hrd minister smriti irani was raked up in the rajya sabha by a congress member who said it was not commensurate with the job assigned to her but she hit back by saying that she can follow her faith in personal life as per the constitution.
congress mp shantaram naik said inspite of her educational qualifications being challenged, irani had done well as minister.
however, i am pained to see you going to an astrologer.
.
.
it challenges the scientific temperament as encompassed in the constitution of india, he said while participating in a debate on a bill on school of planning and architecture.
(as a minister) you don't have a private life.
i am pained, you have visited an astrologer, what are you going to tell the students.
to go to a fortune teller.
the message you have given does not commensurate with the role you have been given, naik said.
the minister replied back saying that she did her duty as hrd minister in the spirit of scientific temperament but followed her own faith in her personal life.
irani said she was delighted to comment on shantaram naik's remarks.
while he appreciated on one hand, and on the other side he commented on my educational qualifications.
.
.
.
in a sugar-coated way, naik had launched a very sharp attack on me, she said.
she underlined that, as an hrd minister i am working with scientific temperament.
but in personal life i am following my own religious faith.
the constitution gives freedom to uphold my religious faith.
irani said that while she was asked to uphold scientific temperament, if you remember, my predecessor looked into astrological charts to locate auspicious moment before entering office.
deputy chairman p j kurien also said scientific temperament does not mean that a person does not have religious faith.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad also supported irani saying that the constitution permits having individual faith and also respect for others' faith.
after the legislation was passed, irani was congratulated by kurien and some members for passage of three bills related to education sector.
kurien appeciated the minister's efforts and said she did a good job as three bills were cleared in a short span.
mobile towers no health threat: ravishankarprasad prasadnew delhi, march 13, 2015 (ians) 14:14 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on friday that fears of mobile towers being hazardous to health are not true, adding that reports from the world health organisation do not substantiate the claim.
replying to supplementaries in the rajya sabha, prasad said government is talking to private telecom companies for reinforcing infrastructure.
for infrastructure, we need towers, if we don't have permission to install towers, then infrastructure will not improve, prasad said responding to a query on call dropping and other problems.
right now, there is a campaign going on in the country that it (mobile towers) emits health hazard.
i have myself examined it at some point of time, i will come with further details to this house.
this entire campaign is not very substantial, prasad informed rajya sabha.
there have been proper studies of who.
.
.
there are 30 reports.
i got my committee established, and i want to assure the house proper infrastructure for towers ought to be allowed, the minister said.
prasad also said that the government is working to enhance the infrastructure for mtnl and bsnl and several new towers will be erected.
the health of bsnl and mtnl is not good.
as long as public sector is not strong competition will not be healthy, the minister said.
25,000 new towers will be erected by bsnl, mtnl is also building 800 to 900 more towers in delhi and mumbai, he said.
the minister also said that there were some powers that kept mtnl and bsnl unhealthy.
bsnl till 2004 was in rs.10,000 crore profit.
why is it in loss now, the question must be raised.
mtnl was in rs.800-900 crore profit, why did it go in loss?
they were not allowed to expand, prasad said.
there were powers which wanted bsnl and mtnl to stay unhealthy so that the competition is not there, he added.
new delhi, jul 13, 2016 (pti) 22:55 istopposition today hit out at the modi government over the supreme court's verdict on arunachal pradesh with congress president sonia gandhi saying it will deter it from misuse of power and aap chief arvind kejriwal calling the order a tight slap on its dictatorial tendencies.
congress also demanded the immediate sacking of governor jyoti prasad rajkhowa and demanded an apology from all those involved in the decision of toppling the government.
government said it will do a structured examination of the order and its implications before making a detailed response.
putting up a brave front, bjp tried to deflect the criticism saying the political crisis in the state was an outcome of congress' internal fight and claimed that the order is not a setback to the party.
top congress leaders sonia and rahul gandhi targeted prime minister narendra modi with the party president asserting that those who trampled upon constitutional propriety and democratic norms stand defeated today.
rahul gandhi took a dig at modi as he thanked the apex court for explaining to him (pm) what democracy is.
those who had trampled upon constitutional propriety and democratic norms have been defeated today.
this judgement, that firmly establishes the democratic values enshrined in our constitution, will deter the union government from any further misuse of power, sonia said in a statement.
she also welcomed the historic verdict reinstating the democratically elected and unconstitutionally removed government.
former chief minister and congress leader nabam tuki, whose government was dismissed, said the order has protected democracy and ensured that justice prevails.
it paves the way to protect healthy democracy in the country, tuki said.
delhi chief minister and aap chief arvind kejriwal also hit out at the government.
sc judgement is yet another tight slap on dictatorial modi govt.
hope modi ji would learn and now stop interfering in democratically elected governments, kejriwal tweeted.
the apex court ordered that status quo ante that prevailed on december 15, 2015 be restored in arunachal pradesh assembly.
the judgement is seen as a major setback to the central government and the bjp, which is extending outside support to the pul government.
trying to play down the impact on bjp, party's national secretary shrikant sharma said,what happened in arunachal was an outcome of internal fight within congress.
its government was reduced to minority after a faction within the party rebelled.
we only supported the faction's bid for power from the outside.
congress should not blame us for its internal problems.
rahul gandhi is talking about democracy but he should know that past congress governments have made a century of the use of article 356 (of the constitution) to dismiss state governments.
uttarakhand chief minister harish rawat, who had also got relief from the apex court, lauded the verdict.
my heartfelt gratitude to the supreme court for restoring cong government in arunachal pradesh.
judiciary has restored faith of people in democracy, rawat said in a social media post.
the government said it will do a structured examination of the supreme court order restoring the dismissed congress government in arunachal pradesh and its implications before making a detailed response.
however, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad put a poser over developments in the state after december 15, including the withdrawal of president's rule and kalikho pul proving his majority subsequently in the assembly following the legislative procedures and forming the government.
we are yet to get the order.
we will study it in detail.
.
.
and then make structured response.
we will do a structured examination of the order.
it requires detailed consideration, prasad told reporters at the cabinet briefing.
we will carefully study the judgement and its implications, he said.
noting it was probably the first time that president's rule imposed by a central government has been reversed by supreme court, cpi(m) general secretary sitaram yechury described the verdict as very, very big indictment of the modi dispensation.
he demanded that centre take action against those responsible for the continuous transgressions of constitutional structure, first in uttarakhand and then in arunachal pradesh.
in both the instances (uttarakhand and arunachal) the apex court had to intervenethe government should learn to curb its authoritarian tendencies which have been increasing in the past and we will demand fixing of accountabilities and consequent action in parliament, yechury told reporters.
cpi national secretary d raja termed the verdict as slap on government's face and victory of democracy.
congress also demanded a probe into a tape-recorded conversation of some bjp leaders and a businessmen, handed over as proof to the court, for toppling the arunachal government.
we want the governor to submit his resignation immediately and if he does not do so, we will ask for him to be dismissed both outside and inside parliament.
i have heard that rajkhowa is on leave, he should go on long leave, senior congress leader kapil sibal said.
meanwhile arunachal pradesh chief minister kalikho pul said that there was no threat to his government as the required numbers are with him and it will be decided on the floor of the assembly.
pul, who had led the congress rebels then, said, (our) government will remain.
that will be decided on the floor of the assembly.
government runs only with the numbers.
there is no threat to our government, he told reporters.
he also said that a review petition will be filed in the supreme court seeking reconsideration of it verdict.
terming the verdict as historic, jd(u) spokesperson k c tyagi said it was major blow to the bjp-led central government.
the supreme court's decision has exposed the central government's move to impose bjp rule by crushing an elected government.
it had done the same in uttrakhand to destabilise the harish rawat government.
it shows bjp's mindset towards cooperative federalism, he said, adding the truth has prevailed.
nitish doing 'dirty politics', alleges bjpnew delhi, feb 12, 2015 (pti): 22:20 istbjp today described as malicious and baseless the charges made by nitish kumar that it was luring jd(u) mlas, and said it has nothing to do with its internal strife and charged the former bihar chief minister of doing dirty politics.
the bjp also questioned nitish kumar on why he was unable to control his own mlas and why he has no faith on them and has brought them to delhi to keep them under the security of up government in greater noida.
we totally reject this malicious charge.
they are unfortunate and shameful.
it is a desperate nitish kumar who is yet to come to terms with his very conclusive defeat in the bihar lok sabha elections.
it is a clear indication of frustration.
bjp has nothing to do with internal fight of jd-u.
this fight is within jd-u.
nitish kumar should not vent out his frustration on bjp, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the senior bjp leader said it is not expected of nitish kumar to make such lightweight and baseless allegations which the bjp refutes.
he said allegation of bjp offering tickets and money to lure mlas are completely baseless.
nitish kumar has made false, baseless and malicious allegations against bjp.
without naming any leader, he has criticised prime minister and amit shah.
we outrightly reject his remarks.
they are baseless and false.
such false and baseless allegations are not expected of nitish kumar, who talks of dignity and probity, he said.
bjp spokesperson shahnawaz hussain also termed as right the decision of governor keshri nath tripathi to allow manjhi to prove his majority on february 20 as the same was notified earlier.
nitish kumar is indulging in dirty politics by pointing fingers at a constitutional authority.
he is in the habit of criticising everybody.
it seems he is too eager and is in a hurry to get power.
the governor has taken the right decision to invite chief minister jitan ram manjhi to prove his majority as convening of the assembly session was notified earlier.
there cannot be separate session for nitish kumar to fulfil his aspirations for attaining power, hussain told pti.
prasad said when kumar left the chief minister's post, he had said he was quitting taking moral responsibility for the lok sabha debacle.
but today, kumar is so desperate to become chief minister again.
we want to know what fresh mandate has he got from public to don the cm's chair again, he asked.
the bjp leader said that kumar is talking of removing jitan ram manjhi for not giving good governance.
but is he being removed for that, he questioned.
he said when members of a community were burnt alive in a block in muzaffarpur, kumar did not talk of removing manjhi or even when crime was increasing in bihar.
kumar was ruling bihar indirectly and the moment manjhi removed certain officials appointed by him (kumar) from top positions, he got upset from that day onwards, the bjp leader claimed.
because he lost the power to rule bihar indirectly.
this is the truth.
the fight and strife is within jd-u, he said.
he said the supreme court has stated in bommai judgement that when anyone loses majority, it will be decided on floor of assembly and not before the governor or the president.
the telecom minister said the governor took a decision keeping in view constitutional provisions and supreme court judgement.
if nitish kumar wants he can make the government fall, he said.
why can't nitish kumar control his own mlas.
after all, he is parading these mlas before the president and governor.
you control your mlas.
are you having any lurking doubt that they have to be brought to delhi and have to be safely kept in the security of up government in greater noida.
it was not expected of nitish kumar to make such light weight and baseless allegations and we refute them.
it is a desperate nitish kumar who is yet to come to terms with his very conclusive defeat in the bihar lok sabha elections.
it is a clear indication of frustration, he said.
kumar attacked prime minister narendra modi, alleging that he was behind the move to allow manjhi more time to prove his majority so that horse-trading of mlas could be done.
kumar had yesterday paraded about 130 mlas in delhi and met president pranab mukherjee demanding his intervention.
leaders from rjd, congress, samajwadi party and the left had accompanied him during the meeting.
bjp accuses sonia of telling lies to attack the centrenew delhi, aug 30, 2015, (pti) 20:15 istafter sonia gandhi shared dais with lalu prasad and nitish kumar at a rally in patna, bjp today hit back saying the promoters of politics of family rule, opportunism and corruption have come together to target it and accused the congress chief of telling lies to attack the centre.
as gandhi attacked the modi government over diluting mnrega and its pakistan policy, bjp said the whole world had acknowledged india's tough stand on terrorism but she spoke lies while her son and deputy rahul gandhi went to border to question the centre instead of pakistan.
the promoters of family rule, opportunism and corruption were today at one platform.
.
.
sonia gandhi, you should have shown some shame.
you told lies on pakistan, union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference.
under the bjp government, allocation to mnrega had been increased by rs 5000 crore and it was not diluted as alleged by gandhi, he said.
seeking to corner the congress over her sharing dais with the rjd chief, a convict in a fodder scam case, prasad said it was a cruel joke that she praised his rule in bihar, saying it was an insult of bihar, which is likely to see assembly polls in october-november.
bjp dubbed the grand alliance's 'swabhiman' rally as apman rally.
there was no issue of development in todays rally.
there were no women, dalit and poor, he said, mocking gandhi for her supporting role with kumar and prasad being the mascot and director of the jungle raaj-ii.
slamming congress chief sonia gandhi for questioning government about its stand on pakistan, prasad said that the government has taken a tough stand on the matter.
we have made it clear that we will not tolerate terrorism, he said.
drawing a comparison with the rallies held by prime minister narendra modi, prasad said that today's rally was a failure as the crowd was not even half of modi's four combined rallies.
he also attacked nitish kumar for drawing a comparison between him and chandragupta maurya and samrat ashok and jayaprakash narayan saying he thinks that 'he is bihar' and 'bihar is him'.
in an apparent reference to speakers in the rally reaching out to different various castes, he said rank casteism is being promoted by the leaders of the grand alliance while bjp-led nda believes in taking everybody along.
if islamic nations can regulate triple talaq, why can't india: prasadpatna, oct 14, 2016 (pti) 19:36 istdefending the centre's stand on 'triple talaq', law minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said when over a dozen islamic countries were regulating the practice by enacting laws, how could it be considered wrong for a secular country like india.
his remarks came a day after the all india muslim personal law board opposed the centre's affidavit in supreme court on the practice and also boycotted the law commission's consultations on uniform civil code (ucc).
over a dozen islamic countries such as pakistan, tunisia, morocco, iran and egypt have regulated triple talaq.
if islamic countries can regulate the practice by enacting law, and it has not been found against sharia, then how can it be wrong in india, which is a secular country?
prasad told reporters here.
the minister, however, refused to comment on the issue of uniform civil code.
the law commission is considering it and has sought views of various sections of the society.
since it is under their consideration, i have nothing to say, he maintained.
for the first time in india's constitutional history, the centre had on october 7 opposed in the supreme court the practice of triple talaq, 'nikah halala' and polygamy among muslims and favoured a relook on grounds of gender equality and secularism.
the law ministry, in its affidavit, referred to constitutional principles like gender equality, secularism, international covenants, religious practices and marital law prevalent in various islamic countries to drive home the point that the practice of triple talaq and polygamy needed to be adjudicated upon afresh by the apex court.
'ringing bells to face action if fails to deliver rs251 phone'new delhi, feb 23, 2016, (pti) 19:13 istthe government is monitoring ringing bells, which has announced launching the world's cheapest smartphone, and will take action if the company fails to deliver the rs 251 handset, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
our ministry enquired into how prepared they (ringing bells) are, whether they can provide a phone for rs 251 or not.
whether they have the bis certificate or not, we have spoken to them, prasad told reporters here.
he added that this was done to ensure that there are no discrepancies later.
if there are any, we will take action as per the law.
our department is keeping a watch, he said.
a new entrant in the flourishing indian mobile handset market, ringing bells last week unveiled what is being touted as the world's cheapest smartphone.
however, concerns have been raised by the industry on feasibility of a 3g smartphone at such a low price.
ringing bells has said the manufacturing cost of the phone is about rs 2,500, which will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.
the i-t department is also looking into the financial structure of the company and has obtained documents, including those from the registrar of companies (roc), in this regard.
a series of complaints were made to the telecom ministry against the company.
apart from bjp mp kirit somaiya, the indian cellular association (representative of mobile handset manufacturers) had also approached the ministry asking it to get into depth of the issue.
they said the price of the device with the said specifications could not be below rs 3,500 even after a subsidised sale.
there was also a controversy around the noida-based firm showcasing a rival company adcom's handset as its own.
despite the controversies, ringing bells managed to received over 6 crore registrations in two days.
press trust of india, new delhi, may 23 2017, 19:57 istdenying any downturn in indian information technology sector, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the industry will create 25-30 lakhs by 2025.
as (the) it minister of the nation, i completely deny and refute that there is any downturn in the employment in this sector.
it is robust, slated for great growth and once digital economy ushers then you can fathom its development, prasad said while sharing three years achievement of the ministry of electronics and it.
he said that the indian it companies have added 6 lakh jobs in last three years.
it companies employ 40 lakh people directly and 1.
3 crore indirectly.
we are bringing bpo in small towns.
it is very exciting situation.
industry is growing and nasscom has made assessment that in coming 4-5 years 20-25 lakh more jobs will be created, prasad said.
analysing a report submitted by mckinsey & co at the nasscom india leadership forum, head hunters india founder- chairman and md k lakshmikanth had said that job cuts in information technology (it) sector will be between rs 1.
75 lakh and 2 lakh annually for the next three years due to under-preparedness in adapting to newer technologies.
on curbs over h1b visa, prasad said that finance minister arun jaitley during his recent visit to the us has conveyed concerns on the issue and prime minister narendra modi will also convey concerns in this regard to the us government during his visit.
he said that teamlease analysis for 2017-18 report that it sector hiring sentiments is positive and is up by 4  in october 2016 to march 2017, compared to the previous six-month period.
teamlease also indicated that the e-commerce and technology startup sector hiring sentiments has increased by 2 per cent, with projected 14.
94 per cent job growth.
the it minister said that investment proposal in electronics manufacturing has increased to rs 1.
43 lakh crore.
from rs 11,000 crore investment in 2014, total investment proposals have now increased to rs 1.
43 lakh crore in electronics manufacturing.
at present, 72 mobile manufacturing companies have come.
in this 1 lakh people have been direct employment and 3 lakh people indirect employment, prasad said.
he said that investment in mobile manufacturing has increased from 18,992 crore in 2014-15 to rs 89,756 crore in 2016-17.
the minister said that the 2.
5 lakh common services centres, which provide government and other internet based services in rural area, have generated revenue of rs 1,800 crore, which include rs 600 crore from aadhaar related services.
apple has started production in bangalore in a modest level.
they are in touch with it secretary for further expansion, prasad said.
the ministry of electronics and it announced a model it tender format to be used by various government departments in procurement of it products and services.
there was no consistency in it procurement.
there was request from it sector to issue a model request for proposal format, prasad said.
meity also announced restructuring and re-branding of media lab asia as digital india corporation, which will function like a professional body for rolling out digital india projects mainly e-governance.
it will implement digital india in a professional way.
we are going to hire from private sector.
it will be very good platform professionally managed with corporate architecture.
negd (national e-governance division), he said.
government plans to hire professionals in the field of cyber security and launch national cyber coordination centre (nccc) in june, he added.
the minister said that government started early preparation to check cyber attacks and india was least effected by ransomware.
hardly 200 locations were effected and they were standalone computers.
we are taking focused measures to improve cyber security ecosystem, prasad said.
the union cabinet on wednesday approved a national biofuel policy which seeks to enhance ethanol production and reduce crude oil import price by rs 4,000 crore this year.
the policy expands the sources of raw materials for ethanol production by allowing the use of sugarcane juice, sugar beet, sweet sorghum, starch-containing materials like corn, cassava, damaged food grains like wheat, broken rice, rotten potatoes which are unfit for human consumption for ethanol production.
farmers are at a risk of not getting appropriate price for their produce during the surplus production phase.
taking this into account, the policy allows the use of surplus food grains for production of ethanol for blending with petrol with the approval of national biofuel coordination committee, an official statement said after the cabinet meeting.
one crore litre of ethanol saves rs 28 crore of forex at current rates.
the year 2017-18 is likely to see a supply of around 150 crore litres of ethanol which will result in savings of over rs 4,000 crore of forex, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said briefing reporters.
he said it will also have potential health and environmental benefits.
new delhi, april 18, 2013, dhns: 2:33 istthe bjp is unlikely to snap its strained ties with the jd-u, which has expressed reservations on projecting gujarat chief minister narendra modi as the ndas prime ministerial candidate.
party president rajnath singh has, however, told the bihar unit to be prepared with an exigency plan to contest the 2014 lok sabha elections on its own.
during a meeting with the partys bihar unit core group on thursday, rajnath singh, along with senior leaders arun jaitley and ram lal, took stock of the situation in the state to assess the fallout if the jd-u pulls out of the nda.
bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi, along with state mps rajiv pratap rudy, ravishankarprasad prasad and shahnawaz hussain were present in the meeting.
it is learnt that singh has advised the state leaders not to make provocative statements against the jd-u.
justice j chelameswar, the senior-most judge of the supreme court, has written a letter to the chief justice of india asking him to convene a meeting of the collegium to urgently forward to the centre the name of uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph as the judge of the apex court.
the government had on april 26 returned the collegium's recommendation to elevate justice joseph seeking its reconsideration, saying the proposal was not in accordance with the top court's parameters and there was an adequate representation of kerala in the higher judiciary from where he hails.
it had also questioned his seniority for elevation as a judge of the apex court.
an apex court official said, in his letter sent to the cji late last evening, justice chelameswar has conveyed that he was reiterating his decision for the elevation of justice joseph as the judge of the top court since there was no change in the circumstance that had led the collegium to recommend his name to the government on january 10.
it is also learnt that justice chelameswar, who retires on june 22, has responded to all the points raised in the communication to the cji by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad expressing reservations on the elevation of justice joseph.
the meeting of the collegium was expected to take place yesterday but justice chelameswar was on leave.
besides the cji and justice chelameswar, other members of the collegium are justices ranjan gogoi, m b lokur and kurian joseph.
justice kurian joseph, during his visit to kerala last week, had also reportedly made it clear that he was in favour of reiterating the recommendation of the collegium on the issue of uttarakhand chief justice joseph.
though no official word was there on when the collegium would meet, the official said it is for the cji to fix the date as there is no other agenda but to discuss the issue of returning the recommendation relating to justice joseph to the centre.
earlier also, notwithstanding the letters written by the collegium members to the cji which had come into the public domain, the centre had disregarded the recommendation about justice joseph.
call drop situation improving, says prasadpatna, sep 27, 2015, (pti) 15:32 istunder attack from the opposition on the call drop problem, union communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said that the situation was improving.
there is a problem about call drops, but the situation is improving, he told reporters here.
all the telecom operators have been told to take steps to improve quality of services, prasad said, adding that the telecommunications department had reviewed the situation on weekly basis for the past two months to reduce call drops.
he said that all the operators had been asked to find out ways to improve the telephony service in the country and dot secretary rakesh garg had spoken to the owners/operators of the service providers at the highest level.
identifying shortage of towers as the main problem for call drops, prasad said that a policy decision had been taken under which all buildings of government of india must allow installation of towers, while the post offices too had been directed to allow towers on rent at its buildings throughout the country.
he said that he had also written letters to the chief ministers of states for installations of towers at the government buildings and noted that kerala and andhra pradesh among states had done so, but regretted that bihar chief minister nitish kumar was yet to respond to the missive.
referring to reluctance by people to allow installation of towers at their premises fearing that radiations from towers may lead to spread of cancer, the union minister said there was no truth in it citing reports by the world health orgnization (who) and judgements by various courts.
regarding steps taken to improve call drop situation in bihar, he said that his department had sanctioned installation of 1150 new 2g sites by the state-owned bsnl of which 620 had been installed, while 120 3g towers had been installed out of proposed 228 towers to improve 3g service in the state.
in addition, a bsnl's experts team had visited bihar four times in the past two months to find out call drop problems in order to take corrective measures to improve the situation, he said.
he said that even the telecom regulator - trai had come up with a report proposing hefty penalty to the operators in the event of call drop problems sustaining in their respective services.
charging the upa government with messing up with the bsnl during its decade-long rule as a result the state-owned operator sustained an accumulated loss of rs 8000 crore in 2014 against a profit of rs 10,000 crore that the preceding nda government had left in 2004, the minister hit out at the bihar chief minister nitish kumar for holding him (prasad) responsible for call drop problems.
nitish kumar is in the company of those political leadership who had made bsnl suffer for a decade, prasad said.
the union minister said that taking serious note of call drop problems his department had carried out special audit of towers of private operators in bihar-jharkhand circle had found that out of 1,13,274 towers, the cells on 3037 towers were not found to be working.
similarly, a leading operator had identified ten sites for towers in patna and another 21 places for capacity addition in in order to improve its telephony service, prasad said.
the bsnl too had set up internet-based next generation network at nine places in bihar, including patna to improve mobile and other telephony services, he said.
on demand to improve mobile service in the left-wing extremism (lwe) areas in bihar, prasad said that 114 towers had been installed out of 184 proposed towers in lwe areas to improve policing.
sc verdict: govt puts a posernew delhi, jul 13, 2016 (pti) 16:14 istthe government today said it will do a structured examination of the supreme court order restoring the dismissed congress government in arunachal pradesh and its implications before making a detailed response.
however, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad put a poser over developments in the state after december 15, including the withdrawal of the president's rule and kalikho pul proving his majority subsequently in the assembly following the legislative procedures and forming the government.
the apex court had ordered that status quo ante as prevailed on december 15, 2015 be restored in arunachal pradesh assembly.
the judgement is seen as a major setback to the central government and the bjp, which is extending outside support to the pul government.
we are yet to get the order.
we will study it in detail.
.
.
and then make structured response.
we will do a structured examination of the order.
it requires detailed consideration, prasad told reporters at the cabinet briefing.
we will carefully study the judgement and its implications, he said.
attacking congress over its criticism of the centre in the light of the court's order, prasad said he feels like laughing to hear sermons on democracy from it.
750,000 km of cable to connect all villages with broadband: prasadnew delhi, nov 30, 2014 (ians) 18:01 istminister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad has said that 750,000 km of cable is proposed to be laid over next three and a half years to provide broadband in every village of the country, the ministry said in a statement sunday.
this project aims at digital empowerment of people and will be a game changer, prasad, said at the first mygov samvaad programme here saturday evening, interacting with contributors of ideas for the digital india project.
mygov is an internet-based platform for citizen engagement launched by prime minister narendra modi on july 26.
the minister also felicitated 20 of the best contributors for their ideas and responses from out of over 40,000 responses, the statement added.
prasad told the contributors that there is a need to sensitise people about the power of technology.
india now has about 300 million internet users, which figure is crossing the number of internet users in the us, that is second on this count after china, the minister added.
he pointed out that while in urban india mobile connectivity is 146 percent, it is only about 46 percent in rural areas.
prasad said electronic manufacturing is also being promoted in the country in a big way.
govt takes rs 12,489 cr hit as telcos understate revenue: cagnew delhi, mar 11, 2016 (pti) 19:46 istgovernment has suffered a loss of rs 12,488.
93 crore due to under-invoicing of gross revenue by six telecom companies including reliance communications, vodafone and bharti airtel, the cag said in a damning report today.
the comptroller and auditor general of india (cag) in a report tabled in parliament said reliance communications, tata telecom, vodafone, airtel, idea and aircel under reported their adjusted gross revenue by rs 46,045.
75 crore, leading to a loss of rs 12,488.
93 crore to the exchequer from 2006 to 2010.
in separate findings, cag said adjustment of one-time entry fee paid by telecom companies, whose licences were quashed by the supreme court, against the spectrum price they paid in 2012-13 deprived national exchequer of rs 5,476.
3 crore.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on his part said the special audit of the operators book would be ordered for three years -- 2009-10 to 2010-11, to find if there is any outstanding due on them.
meanwhile, reacting to the cag report, telecom industry bodies coai and auspi in a joint statement said the matters relating to interpretation of gross revenue/adjusted gross revenue of telecom companies for the purpose of calculation of license fees are under litigation in various judicial forums including the tdsat, high courts and the supreme court.
the issues pointed out by the cag pertain to those disputes, which have either been settled or stayed by various courts.
further, we would like to reiterate that our member companies follow the highest standards of corporate governance and have always been in compliance with all regulations, the statement added.
the cag report has been much awaited as operators had been resisting auditing of their books since 2009 and had moved different courts to challenge mandate of the official auditor.
it was only after supreme court settled the issue in favour of the cag in april 2014 that they were compelled to share info.
the auditor reported instances of under reporting of revenue due to netting off of discounts/waivers granted to post-paid subscribers and under-invoicing of roaming revenue due to set-off of inter-operator traffic discounts paid to other operators.
also, there was under reporting of revenue from infrastructure sharing with other telecom operators as well as from forex gain.
the financial impact due to understatement of agr stood at rs 3,728.
54 crore for reliance communications, rs 3,215.
39 crore for tata teleservices, airtel (rs 2,651.
89 crore), vodafone (rs 1,665.
39 crore), idea (rs 964.
89 crore) and aircel (rs 262.
83 crore), the cag said.
though the cag report will go to public accounts committee, whose recommendations will be final after approval by the house, yet the department will take a special audit which is authorised under the licence conditions to discover whether any outstanding due is legitimately required to be paid by the operators, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here.
the cag presented its report on sharing of revenue by private telecom service providers (psps) in parliament today.
verification of records of six psps indicated total understatement of agr of rs 46,045.
75 crore for the period from 2006-07 to 2009-10, cag said.
it added that government was deprived of a total revenue of rs 12,488.
93 crore on account of short/non-payment of licence fee of rs 3,752.
37 crore, spectrum usage charge of rs 1,460.
23 crore and interest of rs 7,276.
33 crore due from the six psps for the reported period.
cag said the operators have understated the agr by the amount of commission paid to their dealers, by promotional schemes like free talk time, by netting-off discounts from revenue pertaining to roaming services and infrastructure sharing.
the operators have also understated agr by non-inclusion of interest income and profit from sale of investment.
the companies have understated agr for computation of suc among others.
the cag also flagged discrepancies in assessment of revenue share by dot and non-existence of appellate mechanism leading to high number of litigations.
audit found that even after 16 years of the introduction of the revenue share regime, the correctness and completeness of revenue flowing into the consolidated fund of india could not be assured by dot, cag said.
the report contains significant findings on correctness and completeness of revenue share paid to the government by bharti airtel, vodafone india, reliance communications, idea cellular, tata teleservices and aircel along with their subsidiaries for the period from 2006-07 to 2009-10.
in a separate report, cag said dot provided set-off of rs 1,658.
57 crore to telewings communications services (tcspl), now telenor, rs 1,626.
32 crore to sistema shyam teleservices (sstl), rs 1,506.
82 crore to videocon telecom and rs 684.
59 crore to idea cellular following decision of empowered group of ministers (egom) in 2012-13.
judicial appointments should conform to highest standards: prezpatna, apr 18, 2015, (pti) 18:08 istthe process of selection and appointment of judges should conform to the highest of standards, president pranab mukherjee said today, describing an independent judiciary as the cornerstone of democracy.
the process of selection and appointment of judges should conform to the highest of standards.
we must make haste in this regard but without compromising on quality, he said addressing a gathering after inaugurating the centenary celebrations of the patna high court.
mukherjee's remarks came against the backdrop of a controversy over establishment of the national judicial appointments commission, which ended the collegium system where judges appointed judges.
the njac act gives a say to the executive in appointment of judges to the supreme court and high courts.
the independence of the judiciary is the cornerstone of our democracy.
the judicial system in our country should be not only accessible but also affordable, he said.
referring to high pendency of cases, the president stressed on the need to speed up the process of disposal of cases, saying justice delayed is justice denied.
mukherjee emphasised on filling the vacant posts of judges in courts across the country on a priority basis to expedite delivery of justice.
the patna high court today has 31 judges against the sanctioned strength of 43 judges, he said, adding 1,33,297 cases were pending there as of march 31, 2015.
the pendency in the subordinate courts under the patna high court is an estimated 20 lakh and more than 16.
8 lakh of them are criminal cases, he said.
the president said the patna high court has lived up to the expectations of the then viceroy and governor-general of india lord hardinge.
i feel assured, that within its walls in future days, justice will be administered with courage and impartiality, to the terror of evil-doers, and to the triumph of every cause which is right and true, so that the high court of bihar shall earn a name for sound sense and good law, mukherjee quoted lord hardinge as having said while laying the foundation-stone of the patna high court building on december 1, 1913.
the president said if any one goes through the history of patna high court, it will be seen that it has more than lived up to the expectations of lord hardinge.
landmark judgements have been delivered by this court, mukherjee said as he remembered its illustrious past.
the president said luminaries of the patna high court included country's first president rajendra prasad.
syed hasan imam, president of the indian national congress in 1918, and the first president of the constituent assembly, sachchidanand sinha, were also the members of the court bar .
three chief justices of the patna high court--justice b p sinha, justice lalit mohan sharma and justice r m lodha went on to become the chief justices of india, he said.
bihar governor keshri nath tripathi, chief justice of india h l dattu, state chief minister nitish kumar, law minister d v sadananda gowda and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad were among those present.
govt launches public contest on suggestions for pmo mobile appnew delhi, mar 4, 2015 (pti) 16:26 istthe government today launched a contest for taking suggestions from the public to develop a mobile application for the prime minister's office (pmo).
the application, which will be developed in association with google, is likely to be out in two months.
the contest aims to seek suggestions from the public regarding the structure and content of the application.
the whole mygov programme is designed to have citizen engagement at the widest level.
if we engage people, then we get various new suggestions, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said while launching the contest.
prime minister narendra modi had launched the website mygov.
in to provide a platform to citizens to share their views and opinions on important issues such as clean ganga or skill development.
prasad said the modi-led government is using crowd sourcing model to get suggestions from the general public and later incorporating them while forming government policies.
he said the railway and the union budgets used suggestions given by public including proposal of bio toilets, online payment facility for food, ideal railway station by involvement of mps in railways, gold monetisation and sovereign bonds schemes and the need for a law to tackle benami property among others.
through crowd sourcing, whatever suggestions people gave regarding the budget, have been included into railway as well as the general budget.
.
.
so you can see our government not only engages people but also acts on the feedback received from crowd sourcing, prasad said.
he further said that this shows extraordinary commitment of the government to use social media for social good.
regarding the pmo's application, google india md rajan anandan said the app will be made in india by best developers of the country.
he said the app is likely to be developed in two months and it will be a made in india and made for india.
central staff to get more allowance in 29 citiesnew delhi, may 31, 2015, dhns: 0:45 istcabinet approves higher hra, transport allowancethe cabinet on saturday approved upgrade of 29 cities and towns on the basis of the 2011 census for providing higher house and transportation allowance to central government employees.
the cabinet has approved reclassification/upgrade of certain cities/towns on the basis of census 2011 for granting house rent allowance (hra) and transport allowance to central government employees, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
with this, employees working in these 29 cities and towns will get higher hra and transport allowance effective from april 1, 2014.
this will cost the exchequer approximately rs 128 crore for 2014-15.
on the basis of the 2011 census, pune and ahmedabad have been upgraded to x category from y. a total 21 cities, which have been upgraded to y from z, are nellore, gurgaon, bokaro steel city, kalaburagi, thrissur, malappuram, kannur, kollam, ujjain, vasai-virar city, malegaon, nanded-waghala, sangli, rourkela, ajmer, erode, noida, firozabad, jhansi, siliguri and durgapur.
besides, patna, kochi, indore, coimbatore and ghaziabad have been advanced to specified higher class from other places for transport allowance, the statement said.
the classification is revised on the basis of population as reflected in the census report.
so far, the 2001 census has been used for deciding the hra and transport allowances of central government officials posted in these towns and cities.
the criterion of population for this purpose has been followed as recommended by the central pay commissions.
the existing qualifying threshold of population for hra classification is 50 lakh and above for x, 5-50 lakh for y and below 5 lakh for z class cities.
transportation allowance is payable at higher rates in 13 specified cities classified earlier as a-1 and a (those with a population of 20 lakh and above) and lower rates for the rest.
the cities and towns are classified as x, y and z for the purpose of hra and 13 specified cities are classified as a-1, a and other places for transport allowance.
union women and child development minister maneka gandhi has asked information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad to block a website which claims to calculate the dowry amount for grooms and take action against its developers.
maneka wrote a letter in this regard on wednesday to her cabinet colleague prasad, saying the website should be blocked as it promotes seeking dowry by men.
she said that it has been brought to her notice that there is a website www.
dowrycalculator.com that suggests a dowry amount a potential groom can expect after considering parameters like his caste, qualification, profession, income etc.
maneka said in her letter this was not only shameful but also illegal as it promoted dowry.
i request you to have this site blocked immediately and initiate action against the owners/developers of the website and the agency which is hosting this website, the minister said.
she further mentioned that she has asked the secretary in the ministry of wcd to initiate proceedings under the dowry prohibition act in this matter.
the practice of dowry is a punishable offence.
the website, which has been seen by some on social media networks as a satirical attempt at the practice of dowry, says on its website that it is dedicated to all the match-making aunties of india.
congress suspends three in kerala for calf slaughterdh news service, new delhi, may 30 2017, 1:19 istthe action came hours after party vice president rahul gandhi termed the incident 'barbaric' and 'unacceptable'.
pti file photothe congress on monday suspended three youth wing leaders seen in a video killing a calf in kerala to protest against the centres ban on the sale of cattle for slaughter.
the action came hours after party vice president rahul gandhi termed the incident barbaric and unacceptable.
the party realised inaction over the public slaughter of the calf could undermine the nation-wide protests against the modi governments decision last week to ban the sale of cattle for slaughter.
some party leaders were surprised over the delay, as the kerala incident threatens the prospects of the congress in the hindi heartland, where the cow is revered.
such elements have no place in the congress.
the youth congress workers have been suspended, congress chief spokesman randeep singh surjewala told reporters here.
rijil makkutty, kannur district president of the youth congress, and activists josey kandathil and sharafuddin have been suspended from party.
indias ethos and the congress partys culture abjures any kind of violence or barbarism against every living being (including) the cow, which has a special place in the hearts and minds of people of india, surjewala said.
senior leaders such as mukul wasnik and digvijaya singh rushed into damage-control mode as the slaughter attracted widespread condemnation, even from allies like the jd(u).
the bjp hit out at the congress, saying the act was shameful and in many ways provocative.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said it was unfortunate that youth congress leaders had publicly slaughtered a calf when the constitution sought to prohibit cow slaughter.
on sunday, rahul condemned the butchering on twitter.
what happened in kerala yesterday is thoughtless, barbaric and completely unacceptable to me and the congress.
i strongly condemn the incident, he said.
new delhi, march 12, 2015, ians/pti 17:48 istbjp president amit shah on thursday reconstituted the party's national executive which has 111 members, including prime minister narendra modi and senior party leader l.k. advani.
the list has 27 special invitees, including chief ministers and deputy chief ministers of the bharatiya janata party-ruled states.
hrd minister smriti irani, minority affairs minister najma heptulla, are among the prominent faces whom bjp chief amit shah dropped from party's national executive announced on thursday.
all the eight chief ministers of bjp-ruled states and two deputy chief ministers, including that in jammu and kashmir where the party shares power with pdp, besides 24 former chief ministers and three former deputy chief ministers are permanent invitees to the national executive.
the bjp chief has also made 40 senior leaders from across the country special invitees to the national executive.
among those who are part of the new national body include party veterans l k advani and murli manohar joshi, besides union ministers rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley, m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, ananth kumar, thawarchand gehlot, jagat prakash nadda, ravishankarprasad prasad, kalraj mishra, narendra singh tomar, harsh vardhan, bandaru dattatreya and radha mohan singh.
others include yashwant sinha, vinay katiyar, c p thakur, jual oram, s s ahluwalia, vijay k malhotra, besides hukumdev narayan singh, l ganeshan, lalji tandon, o rajgopal, tathagat roy, gulab chand katariya and subramanyam swami.
young ministers mukhtar abbas naqvi, dharmendra pradhan, rajeev pratap rudy, prakash javadekar, (gen) v k singh, suresh prabhu, birendra singh, piyush goyal and nirmala sitharaman are also part of the new executive.
other leaders like varun gandhi, tapir gaon, vijay goyal satpal maharaj, vishnubhushan harichandan, vijay mahapatra and p k krishna das, v shanmughanathan, are also its members.
party's firebrand leaders like yogi adityanath and navjot singh sidhu are part of the executive, while another such leader sadhvi niranjan jyoti is a special invitee.
all the bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chauhan, raman singh, vasundhra raje scindia, anandiben patel, raghuvar das, devendra gandadharrao fadnavis, manohar lal khattar and laxmikant parsekar, besides deputy chief ministers fracesco de d'souza and nirmal singh are also invitees.
besides, all legislative assembly and legislative council party leaders, state presidents of all states, all general secretaries (organisation) will be special invitees in national executive.
new delhi, nov 8, 2012, dhns; 0:10 istfirm on summoning pmhowever, their demand was rejected by panel chief p c chacko, which also received support of cpm members.
a decision on calling finance minister p chidambaram as a witness will be taken at a special meeting later.
sources said the same meeting will also decide on summoning other former finance ministers yashwant sinha and jaswant singh, both members of jpc, as witnesses.
as soon as the proceedings began on thursday, bjp members led by yashwant sinha and ravishankarprasad prasad reiterated their demand to call singh and chidambaram against the backdrop of the deposition by former cabinet secretary k m chandrasekhar, sources said.
chandrasekhar had earlier told the committee that he had written to the prime minister suggesting an increase in the license fee for 2g spectrum so that the government could earn an additional rs 35,000 crore.
the bjp members said they wanted to ask some questions to the prime minister.
they may send a questionnaire to singh instead of insisting on calling him in the next meeting.
at one point of time, the meeting witnessed heated arguments between congress member pravin rashtrapal and the bjp members, when the former demanded that atal bihari vajpayee should also be summoned before the committee.
the bjp members said they were not against calling any body if the prime minister and the finance minister are summoned.
cpm's sitaram yechury has demanded calling the finance minister to understand why the finance ministry decided to support the department of telecoms move to allocate radio waves on first-come-first-served basis.
it is learnt that some members like dmk's t siva also demanded that former telecom minister a raja be called as a witness.
harming the cause of justicer d sharma, jan 21, 2017 23:37 istexecutive-judiciary spat : the top court inflicted a wound upon itself in asking the government to draw up a revised memorandum of procedure to selectalthough justice t s thakurs tenure as chief justice of india (cji) came to an end on january 3 this year, will there be an end to the ongoing tussle between the government and judiciary over the appointment of judges in higher courts with justice j s khehars taking over as new chief justice of the supreme court (sc)?
the former cji had slammed the centre on several occasions for delaying the appointment of judges and bringing the judiciary to a grinding halt.
according to him, vacancies of judges in countrys 24 high courts were over 50  and the sc collegiums recommendation to fill them up was not taken with all seriousness it deserved.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in turn, denied the charge citing the figure of 126 appointment of high court judges, the highest in the last 25 years, made by his ministry last year, thereby breaking upa record of 121 in 2013.
not only he questioned the then cji for not sending recommendations to fill seven vacancies of sc judges but also blamed all high court chief justices for not filling 4,400 vacant posts of judges in lower judiciary where the government has no role to play.
it is no exaggeration to say that the delay in filling up vacancies in the countrys badly understaffed judiciary at all levels has reached a flashpoint.
as the government and judiciary spar over selection process of judges, cases have been piling up.
according to official figures, countrys 24 high courts have about four million pending cases.
at the same time, 500 out of 1079 sanctioned posts of judges are lying vacant.
nearly 30 million cases await disposal in trial courts where about 5,000 out of 20,502 sanctioned posts of judges are yet to be filled.
not only this, the apex court also has only 24 judges out of its sanctioned strength of 31 including the chief justice to tackle around 60,000 cases.
consequently, the overburdened available judges are unable to clear the huge backlog of cases, leave alone handle new ones.
thus, the shortage of judges coupled with increased pendency of cases is adding to litigants woes and harming the cause of justice.
at the heart of the matter seems to be a tussle between the executive and the judiciary that has been in the making for some time.
following the 1993 apex court judgment, the so-called collegium system came into being for judges selection to ensure judiciarys independence.
the bjp government sought to give the executive more of a dominant role in the selection process when it came to power in 2014 by getting a legislation passed to establish a national judicial appointments commission (njac) which would take over the task.
but, the move was struck down by the sc as unconstitutional and void restoring thereby the collegium system which led to the deficit of trust between the centre and the judiciary.
the sc had admitted that the collegium system was needed to be improved and then asked the government to draw up a revised memorandum of procedure (mop) to be adopted for the selection of sc and hc judges.
the top court inflicted the wound upon itself in asking the government to do so.
this has been seen as an opportunity to control appointments through procedure which it couldnt via the njac.
it now seeks to arm itself with the ultimate power through a controversial clause in the new mop draft to reject a nomination on the grounds of national interest which is being seen by the judiciary as a veto power of the executive to erode the primacy of the cji in judicial appointments.
the very objective of the ruling to protect judicial independence has been lost as hundreds of posts still remain vacant.
the centre is still going slow on appointments, even rejecting clearance to many nominations.
in the latest instance, it has rejected 13 appointments to the allahabad high court.
there is the government-judiciary stand-off over the finalisation of mop.
the executive is deliberately delaying the judges appointment being miffed at the idea of judges appointing judges.
inadequate manpowerit hardly needs mention that inadequate manpower coupled with poor infrastructure is the main cause behind the delay and resultant backlog.
the real sufferers in such a grim situation continue to be the hapless litigants and poor undertrials whose cases linger on for years due to shortage of judges, infrastructural inadequacies and dilatory judicial procedures.
they are not merely reminded that justice delayed is justice denied, they cannot help wondering if the concept of justice has been compromised, jeopardised and negated, in their cases.
any attempt at securing justice is an ordeal on its own and financially ruinous for many.
as is commonly known to one and all, by the time an appeal can be heard, the accused would already have served a life sentence, to say the least.
under such pressing circumstances, it should be the top priority for government to resolve its differences with judiciary sitting across the table, rather than dragging them out into the open.
the executive and the judiciary are two vital pillars of democracy and share a common goal of providing speedy justice.
if so, it is not at all difficult to find a mutually acceptable solution of the logjam which is affecting both the governance and justice delivery system.
let the two branches of the state come together on an issue that requires a good deal of consultation and cooperation.
in short, it is not prudent for the executive and judiciary to be locked in any ugly confrontation.
all in all, an early finalisation of the revised mop for judicial appointments that ensures transparency is an imperative need of the hour.
ringing bells freedom 251 smartphone launched at just rs 251new delhi, feb 18, 2016, (pti) 11:42 ista new entrant in the indian mobile handset market ringing bells has unveiled what is being touted as the world's cheapest smartphone -- for rs 251 -- but has also raised concerns in the industry on feasibility of offering such a low price.
the noida-based firm, set up five months ago by amity university graduate mohit kumar goel, launched the freedom 251 at a high-profile function last night, attended by bjp veteran murli manohar joshi.
defence minister manohar parikkar, who the company had said would launch the phone, could not make it due to cabinet meeting, the event's organisers said.
ringing bells' president ashok chaddha said manufacturing cost of the phone is about rs 2,500, which will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.
by going for made in india components, we can save on the 13.
8 per cent duty.
also, we will be selling online first and thus save the costs incurred on large distribution network, he said.
chaddha also rejected speculations of the handset being subsidised by the government.
the phone will be manufactured in noida and uttaranchal.
two plants will be set up for rs 250 crore each with a capacity of 5 lakh phones.
the money will come in the form of debt and equity (1.
5:1), he said.
chaddha added the equity is being met by the promoter family of the company that is engaged in agri-commodities business in uttar pradesh but declined to give further information.
sunit singh tuli, the ceo of datawind that produced the usd 35 akash tablet for government a few years back, said a 3g device with the specs offered would cost almost eight times higher than what's being offered.
the industry has also raised concerns about the pricing of the device and has asked telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad to get into depth of the issue, saying the price could not be below rs 3,500 even after a subsidised sale.
in a letter to the minister, indian cellular association (ica) also said it is not appropriate for senior political and government leadership to be present at launch till the air around this is cleared.
for your kind information, the bill of material value for a product like this when sourced from the cheapest supply chain cost approx usd 40 (rs 2,700).
and this when translated into retail price after addition of applicable duties, taxes and with distribution and retail margins would be at least rs 4,100 while the product is being sold at rs 251, ica national president pankaj mohindroo said in the letter.
he added even if the product is sold at lower margins in a e-commerce type subsidised sale, the final consumer price cannot come below usd 52-55 (about rs 3,500-3,800).
also, with no visible mobile operator subsidy involved in this, the price does look difficult to offer.
the 3g handset, freedom 251, features a 4-inch display, spectrum 1.
3-ghz quad-core processor and 1 gb ram.
it will come with apps linked to government initiatives like swachh bharat, women safety, fisherman, farmer and medical.
centre hopeful of resolving h-1b visa rowfeb 11, 2017, new delhi,dhns 0:55 istindia is hopeful of finding a solution soon to the concerns of tech firms regarding a possible clampdown on work visa programmes such as h-1b by the us administration, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
i have also spoken to infosys founder n r narayanmurthy and nasscom president r chandrasekhar and representatives of other it related bodies.
we are closely working with the external affairs ministry to address the it companies concerns, he said.
the government has conveyed the concerns of it sector in right quarters of the us administration, but local companies need to present their contribution in more cogent way, the minister said.
rs 1.
09 lakh crore in govt coffersnew delhi, march 26, 2015, dhns: 2:12 istthe countrys biggest telecom spectrum auction ended on wednesday with the government garnering rs 1.
09 lakh crore amidst fears that mobile tariff could go up due to the high price paid for radio waves by telecom firms.
after 115 rounds of aggressive bidding spreading over 19 days, the government to garner rs 1,09,874 crore from operators, which is highest from the previous held auction in 2010 where the government earned rs 1.
06 lakh crore, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the names of the winners will be announced only after the supreme court gives its nod due to pending petitions.
the court will hear the case on march 26.
sale of airwaves in four bands got bids worth rs 1,09,874 crore even as 11 per cent spectrum went unsold.
at the base price, the value of spectrum in the auction was worth about rs 82,395 crore.
however, the fierce bidding is likely to lead to rise in mobile call, sms and data charges as operators may pass on the cost of spectrum to consumers.
with the costly spectrum financial and cost structure of industry has been completely altered.
consequently tariff will have to be increased to meet commitment to government, industry body coai (cellular operators association of india) director general rajan s mathews said.
former secretary general of industry body auspi, (association of unified telecom service providers of india) s c khanna, said, all big companies are debt-ridden.
if price of spectrum has gone up, which is the raw material for operators, the only choice they have is to marginally hike tariffs.
a total of 380.
75 mhz of spectrum was put on sale in the premium 900 mhz band, 1,800 mhz and 800 mhz, while 5 mhz was up for bidding in the 2,100 mhz band, used for 3g mobile services, across 17 out of 22 telecom.
depending on the band, carriers will have to pay as much as 33 per cent of their final bid within 10 days of the auction's conclusion and the rest in 10 annual installments starting in 2017.
the permits will be valid for 20 years.
total eight firms have participated in the bidding.
while idea, airtel, vodafone and reliance communications participated in the auction mainly to defend their existing spectrum holding, reliance jio, tata teleservices, telewings (uninor) and aircel took part to buy additional spectrum.
govt blocked 844 social media pages this yearnew delhi, dec 16, 2015 (pti) 20:04 istthe number of social media pages blocked by the government for carrying objectionable content rose to 844 till november this year, parliament was informed today.
out of the total, the government blocked 492 web pages under section 69a of information technology act, 2000 based on recommendation of a committee set up in this regard, compared to 10 blocked in 2014, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply in the lok sabha.
under section 69a of it act, the government has power to block any information in any computer resource in the interest of sovereignty and integrity of india, national security, friendly relations with foreign states or for maintaining law and order.
a total of 136, 13 and 10 and 492 urls of social media websites were blocked in 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015, till november 30, 2015, respectively under section 69a through the committee constituted under the rules therein, prasad said.
the social media links that were blocked on court orders stood at 352.
further, a total of 533, 432 and 352 urls of social media websites were blocked in compliance with the directions of the competent courts of india in 2013, 2014 and 2015, till november 30, 2015, prasad said.
the minister said that the government does not separately maintain data on web pages blocked for anti-religious content.
he said that in 2014, a total of 4,192 cases were reported under section 66a of it act which had provision of jail term for sending offensive messages online, but the section is no longer valid since supreme court annulled it in march 2015.
as per data of 2014 shared by prasad, 2,423 persons were arrested, out of which 1,125 were charge-sheeted and 42 were convicted under section 66a of it act.
call drops: dot rings up owners; customers may be compensatednew delhi, sep 10, 2015, (pti) 19:46 iststepping up pressure on mobile operators to check call drops, the government has asked their promoters including anil ambani, kumar mangalam birla and sunil mittal to directly intervene to address the issue, failing which the companies would have to face penal action.
while department of telecom secretary rakesh garg made phone calls to the top indian industrialists, as also uk-based vodafone's global ceo vittorio colao, to covey the concerns raised by prime minister narendra modi on call drops, watchdog trai said it will issue final recommendations by mid-october on compensation to be given by operators to their customers.
the regulator has already floated a draft paper on the issue of call drops and is currently reviewing the quality of services being offered by various operators.
we have floated a paper relating to compensation and have sought comments from operators.
.
.
after which there will be an open house discussion.
i expect that by october 10-15, we will give the final recommendations in this regard, trai chairman rs sharma told reporters today here at an event.
at a meeting with ceos of mobile operators yesterday, he had asked them to improve services while saying their performance would be reviewed in 15 days.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad also warned yesterday that the option of imposing penalties on erring operators could be explored if the companies fail to do the needful to improve the situation.
facing heat, the top industry executives, including at bharti group, said the industry is not shying away from its responsibility and is committed to providing quality services.
sources said telecom secretary has telephoned promoters of mobile firms directly and asked them to improve services, failing which dot will have to impose penalties under the licence conditions.
garg elaborated on the concerns raised by the prime minister to the owners and asked them to optimise networks.
among others, he called up sunil mittal of bharti airtel, anil ambani of reliance communications, kumar mangalam birla of idea cellular and vittorio colao of vodafone, sources said.
as the call drops menace continues to deteriorate, the government has warned the companies to get their act right on the issue or face action.
the government feels that telecom operators are not investing enough in the networks which is leading to call drops, although they deny the charge.
at present, i am not thinking of any kind of penalty imposition but i don't rule out the option if the situation doesn't improve because naturally if there is an issue it needs to be addressed by those who are in the game, prasad said yesterday.
at an industry event this morning, bharti enterprises vice chairman akhil gupta however said that the industry was committed to do the needful to improve the services.
there is absolutely no shying away of responsibility on this (quality of services).
.
.
we as an industry are committed to this, gupta said.
bharti enterprises is the promoter group entity of country's largest telecom company bharti airtel.
gupta added the industry has already invested rs 3 lakh crore in various spectrum auctions and will further invest to improve the quality of services.
on behalf of the industry, i would like to assure that this industry will invest whatever it takes, having invested rs 3 lakh crore already in various spectrum auctions.
.
.
there is absolutely no shying away of making more investments to improve quality of services, gupta, who is also executive chairman of tower firm bharti infratel, said.
gupta complimented the government for providing support on various issues concerning the sector.
the support the government has given to us, particularly in the last 15 months, like spectrum auctions as spectrum is a lifeline of this industry, but let me particularly point out on the support given to us on passive infrastructure is absolutely exemplary, he said.
gupta added the dot has come out with guidelines as to what the tower policy of the country should be, while the minister has personally written to all state chief ministers requesting allowing mobile towers to be put up on the government buildings.
this just conveys the intention of the government as to how serious they are, he added.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015 (pti) 21:48 istpressure today mounted on the government for securing the passage in the rajya sabha of the bill that seeks to lower the age defining juvenile from 18 to 16 years tomorrow itself.
on a day the supreme court rejected a plea against the release of juvenile offender in the december 16 gang-rape case, government said the amendments to juvenile justice act that will allow children between 16-18 years to be tried as adults in heinous crime cases will come up before rajya sabha tomorrow.
congress saw in this move brazen mischief by the government, alleging it was to defame the opposition and divert attention from ddca issue.
let them not do this mischief.
this is a total brazen mischief on the part of the government.
.
.
.
this is only to divert the attention of the opposition from raising other issues, about ddca, leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said after congress disrupted proceedings in both the houses demanding resignation of finance minister arun jaitley for alleged graft in delhi and district cricket association.
the juvenile justice amendment act has already been passed in the lok sabha.
later, after a meeting with leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad, the victim's father badri singh pandey said the congress leader gave the assurance that the bill will come in the upper house tomorrow.
asked about the release of the convict, he said, now, it is not the right time to talk about him as he is a free man and there is no law to hold him back.
our fight is not only for us but for all the women and girls.
the victim's mother asha devi while stating that her fight against the system would continue demanded that the new juvenile law be passed by rajy sabha tomorrow itself, a stand which was also echoed by chairperson of delhi commission for women(dcw) swati maliwal.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government is ready and very keen to pass this juvenile bill, as a demand for expeditious passage was made in the rajya sabha.
parliament's winter session concludes on wednesday.
derek o'brien (tmc) said he has given a notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of business in the rajya sabha and taking up the juvenile justice (care and protection of children) act, 2014.
he said the house had only three days to go before end of the winter session and government's listed agenda includes commercial courts, arbitration and real estate bill.
the government has not even listed the juvenile bill for discussion and passing today, he said during zero hour.
it is incumbent upon the house to listen to what is going on outside, he said, asking the house to rise above politics.
it is not a perfect bill but let us list it and pass the bill, o'brien said.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the bill was listed on december 8, 10 and 11.
we have listed it for tomorrow, he said, adding if all agree the bill can be taken up for discussion today itself.
outside parliament, prasad targeted congress, saying the bill has been thrice listed in the past for consideration and passage in rajya sabha; however, the house has not been able to run.
o'brien asked parties to rise above politics and allow the passage of the bill.
the nation wants this bill passed.
in the next two days, parties should rise above politics and pass this bill.
i appeal to the congress party for it, he said.
union minister uma bharti said she will appeal to congress president sonia gandhi to allow passage of the bill in the interest of the girls in the country.
there is an obvious anger in the country against the release of the juvenile accused in the nirbhaya case.
the bill was listed three times, but the congress is not allowing the session to work and justice is not being delivered to nirbhaya, union minister prakash javadekar said.
sp leader ramgopal yadav blamed politics for the delay in the passage of the bill.
cpi(m) leader brinda karat explained that even if the amendments to the act were passed, the new provisions would not apply retrospectively to the juvenile convict in the gangrape case.
committed to ram temple, says prasadgandhinagar: march 19, 2017, dhns 1:03 istravi shankar prasadunion law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday reiterated that the government is committed to building the ram temple in ayodhya.
the temple will be built at the same place where ram lallas idol has been installed, prasad told the media after a convocation function at the gujarat national law university.
the evidence we have in support of ram temple is constitutionally strong and we are very confident, the supreme court will rule in our favour and after that a grand ram temple will be constructed there constitutionally.
talking about factors that led to the bjps victory in uttar pradesh, prasad said it was partly due to muslim women who were affected by triple talaq.
the women who have been affected due to the practice.
just because we expressed concern for them, muslim women voted for the bjp in good numbers.
the state (up) has the highest number of victims (of triple talaq), he said.
it is not an issue of religion but of gender justice, equality and dignity, the minister said, adding that the centre has already placed before the supreme court a strong argument against triple talaq.
bjp mps storm out of 2g jpcnew delhi, august 22, 2012, dhns: 1:52 istcong members used foul language, they allegemassive differences cropped up during the meeting of the joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probing 2g telecom spectrum scam, leading to walkout by the bjp members on wednesday.
the bjp members alleged that when they insisted on calling prime minister manmohan singh to depose before the panel, the congress members used foul language.
jaswant singh, yashwant sinha, dharmendra pradhan, ravishankarprasad prasad and gopinath munde walked out of the meeting which was expected to finalise the list of persons who would depose before the committee.
the walk-out sparked off speculation that the miffed bjp members may tender their resignation from the jpc on thursday.
we will take a call on resignation, yashwant sinha, who led the walkout, said.
however, congress sources said walkout was nothing but pressure tactics by the bjp to mount pressure on the prime minister to resign in the wake of the coal scam.
the exit of the five members from the 30-member committee will not hamper its work, as the panel will still have a majority.
the jpc has 30 members -- 20 from lok sabha and 10 from rajya sabha -- representing different parties.
the issue, however, will be whether the panel report would be fair when the principal opposition party refuses to participate in it.
also, the main opposition quitting the panel would be glaring in parliamentary democracy.
the meeting turned stormy when the bjp members kept insisting that the chairman finalise the list comprising prime minister manmohan singh, finance minister p chidambaram, former telecom minister a raja, principal secretary to prime minister's office pulok chatterjee and advisor to the prime minister t k a nair, to appear before the committee.
upset over the demand, congress member manish tiwari reportedly said the meeting was turning out to be a kangaroo court (mock court without any regard for principles of justice).
the remark was strongly objected to by cpis gurudas dasgupta and the bjp members, and the latter stormed out.
we walked out of the meeting after congress members used foul language as we demanded settling the issue of list of witnesses which has been pending for eight weeks now, sinha told reporters after the walkout.
however, tiwari denied using any unparliamentarily language in the meeting.
alleging that the bjp was predetermined to boycott the meeting, tiwari said the bjp members were trying to use the platform for political gain.
even jpc chairman p c chacko, who termed the bjp decision political, said no unparliamentarily language was used.
the walk-out is surprising at a time when the committee was still in the process of finalising the list, he said.
on the issue of calling the prime minister and finance minister, the congress has suggested that questionnaires be sent to them rather than calling them for deposition.
new delhi: sep 17, 2015, dhns 1:28 istthree months after the audacious attack on the army in manipur, the centre on wednesday banned naga insurgent outfit nscn(k) for five years.
the ban came days after the national investigation agency (nia) declared a reward on nscn(k) chief s s khaplang and key leader niki sumi for their involvement in a series of attacks on security personnel, including the june 4 attack in manipur that killed 18 soldiers.
the decision was taken at a meeting of the cabinet chaired by prime minister narendra modi during which the home ministry proposal was deliberated.
the khaplang-led outfit had unilaterally abrogated the ceasefire agreement in march and had been targeting security forces.
the nscn(k), which is responsible for explosions, ambushes and bombings, has been declared as an unlawful organisation for a period of five years, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the cabinet meeting.
home secretary rajiv mehrishi said the nscn(k) was declared a banned organisation after due deliberations and following due legal process.
efforts were on to try and bring as many organisations possible to the negotiation table to find a solution to the issue, he said.
after reneging from the ceasefire pact in march, the group had forged ties with several other insurgent outfits, including the ulfa faction headed by paresh barua, in may, and formed the united liberation front of south east asia.
according to officials, nscn(k) has 700 to 800 cadres and same number of sophisticated weapons, including rocket launchers.
a home ministry note also said the outfit coordinates its military activities from myanmar where a sizeable detachment of its cadre is in various camps.
besides the june 4 incident, the ministry has also noted that nscn(k) was involve in two incidents on march 26 in nagaland where four assam rifles personnel and four civilians were injured.
another incident on may 3  ambush on assam rifles and naga territorial army killing eight security personnel  also was highlighted by the ministry.
according to the home ministry officials, nscn(k) has indulged in extortion, kidnapping and systematic drive for recruitment of fresh cadre for its terrorist and insurgency activities.
it has also established camps and hide-outs across the countrys borders to carry out secessionist activities.
when asked why it took more than three months to ban the outfit, sources pointed out to differences within the government.
sources said while home ministry officials had been insisting on banning it, government-appointed interlocutor for naga peace talks r n ravi was reportedly in favour of restarting negotiations with the group.
patna, april 24, 2015, dhns: 3:14 istunion home minister rajnath singh on friday took stock of the storm-hit districts in bihar and assured all possible central assistance to the state government so that relief work could be beefed up.
at least 42 people had died in april 21 storm.
the death toll on friday, however, increased to 56 with purnia recording the maximum casualty of 39.
rajnath, flanked by bihar chief minister nitish kumar, union ministers radhamohan singh and ravishankarprasad prasad and former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, undertook an aerial survey of the storm-hit districts of purnia, madhepura, saharsa, supaul and katihar.
the centre will provide all possible assistance to the nitish regime, so that compensation to the needy reaches at the earliest, rajnath said at purnia.
nitish, who has asked the disaster management department to assess the damage caused in various districts, announced immediate gratuitous relief (gr) of rs 5,800 in cash, in addition to the ex gratia of rs 4 lakh to the next of kin of the deceased.
as part of the gr, the victims will be eligible to one quintal of foodgrain, which would be given to those whose houses were damaged on april 21.
meanwhile, the met department has sounded alert for a possible thunderstorm in the next 48 hours in eastern bihar, particularly those districts which are closer to west bengal.
we have sounded an alert after some areas in north-eastern bihar have shown signs of atmospheric instability.
purnia, katihar and kishanganj are districts which may witness thunder squall soon, said state director of indian meteorological department (imd) a k sen.
the alert by the imd comes against the backdrop in which nitish had blamed the weathermen for not issuing an alert for april 21 cyclone-storm.
senior imd officials conceded that it was impossible for them to issue a warning before four hours as such storms take just two hours to develop, 30 minutes to show affect and 90 minutes to complete the catastrophe.
warning about such thunder squall, which even if issued four hours in advance, wont give sufficient time to any state government to brace itself up, said a senior met official, adding that the rainfall was not worrying, but the wind was causing an alarm as it leads to huge destruction.
ghaziabad/lucknow, feb 5, 2017 (pti) 20:19 istthe centre is likely to take a major step to ban triple talaq after the ongoing assembly polls, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said and dared samajwadi party, congress and bsp to make their stand clear on the contentious issue.
insisting that the issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women, he said the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot co-exist.
he said the tradition of triple talaq denies respect for women and the central government is committed to end the evil social practice.
the government may take a major step to ban triple talaq after the up assembly polls, he said while addressing a press conference in ghaziabad last evening.
the assembly polls being held in up and four other states will conclude on march 11.
asserting that every pernicious practice cannot be part of a religion, the minister, who is a lawyer himself, said the centre would raise the issue in the supreme court on three points -- justice, equality and dignity of women.
we are the only party which respects women.
neither do other parties offer a good place to women nor do they respect them, said prasad, a senior bjp leader.
the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot co-exist, he said.
addressing a press conference in lucknow today, the union minister said, i want akhilesh yadav, rahul gandhi and mayawati to clarify their stand on the issue of triple talaq.
our (bjp's) stand is very clear.
the issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women.
attacking bsp, he said it should rise above caste politics and respect women.
referring to the sp-congress coalition in uttar pradesh, he said, this is an alliance of desperation between two dynastic parties.
.
.
alliance of desperation between crime, criminals and corruption.
ridiculing the pre-poll tie-up, he claimed the confluence of ganga and yamuna will end up with one party merging with the other after the polls.
which party will merge with which party will be seen after the polls.
this is nothing but a theatre of the absurd, the bjp leader said.
he also touched upon the salient features of bjp's manifesto and the union budget and explained how it would help the poor.
yesterday, while speaking to mediapersons in ghaziabad, prasad had alleged that samajwadi party and congress have entered an alliance as both parties indulge in corruption, crime and loot.
both parties are opportunist and have tied-up with each other just to stop the landslide victory of bjp, he claimed.
not a single big industry was established in uttar pradesh during the tenure of akhilesh yadav-led sp government, the bjp leader alleged, adding the funds sanctioned by the centre for the development of the state has not just due to the feud within the yadav family.
mechanism needed to reduce executive-judiciary friction: gowdanew delhi, nov 10, 2014, pti: 17:58 istnewly-appointed law minister d v sadananda gowda today said there was a need to find a new mechanism to reduce the friction between the executive and the judiciary.
two issues are there.
one is regarding electoral (reforms).
the other with regard to the judiciary and executive as you rightly said.
this is a very vast issue that has to be dealt with in such a manner that we should find out some mechanism to work out and also see that certain new line of thinking is there, he told reporters.
gowda also said reducing the number of litigations by government agencies and weeding out obsolete laws would be his priority.
he said there was a need to educate people to reduce litigations.
litigations by government agencies against each other, litigations between the centre and the state governments also needed to come down.
he pointed out that people think that to deal with any problem there should be a new law.
he said this mindset has to change.
a bill is already pending to weed out 36 obsolete laws.
we have identified 287 more enactments that can be repealed, he said after joining his new assignment.
he said he would continue to implement the initiatives taken by his predecessor ravishankarprasad prasad.
asked whether his shift from the railway ministry to the ministry of law and justice was a 'promotion', gowda said as a minister his job is to implement the vision of prime minister narendra modi.
it is the prerogative of the prime minister to appoint ministers, he said.
chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar had come to greet gowda at the law ministry.
asked why the law ministry was taking time to take decision on various proposals relating to electoral reforms made by the election commission, he said the government has to take a considered view before taking a call.
gowda refused to react to a poser on retrospective tax, saying finance minister arun jaitley was the right person to answer on the issue.
new delhi, aug 15, 2015, (pti): 14:06 istgovernment today extended the deadline for submission of public comments on the proposed policy framework for 'net neutrality' till august 20.
there has been a sudden surge in public comments on the proposed framework and the submission of views was earlier scheduled to close today.
last date for submission of suggestions and comments on report of committee on net neutrality through discussion forum under mygov.
in has been extended till august 20, 2015, the department of telecom said in a notice on its website.
the total number of public comments on the net neutrality recommendations by a panel set up by telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has risen to over 33,600, from just around 700 on august 14.
the surge was seen following campaigns by online groups like save the internet and aib.
trai in april had received over 1 million comments on its paper over net neutrality with majority demanding implementation of ideal net neutrality.
net neutrality calls for equal treatment to all internet traffic without any priority treatment to an entity or company on the basis of payment for content or service providers such as telecom companies, which is seen as discriminatory.
the panel has proposed regulation of domestic calls through internet-based apps like skype, whatsapp and viber by putting them on par with services offered by telecom operator.
however, the committee has suggested a liberal approach to app-based international calls.
the pricing difference is around 12.
5 times in the case of a voice call and 16 times for messages between services offered by telecom operators and ott players, as per data put together by telecom regulator trai.
the debate picked up in india following telecom major bharti airtel announcing a plan to separately charge for voip calls at standard rates.
based on standard rates, usage of each gb of data for voip on 3g network would have costed about rs 4,000, while the same on 2g network would cost about rs 10,000.
airtel was then selling 1gb of 3g data for rs 249 and 1 gb of 2g internet for rs 175.
the company withdrew separate charge plan following protest from public.
the debate further heated up after airtel launched a zero rating platform which allowed free access of those websites who paid for joining the platform.
the government will firm up regulations on the issue after considering public opinion and telecom regulator the telecom regulatory authority of india's (trai) suggestions.
committed judiciary has been a harsh indian reality.
justice khanna was denied elevation as the chief justice of india (cji) because of his courage to tell that the fundamental rights are inalienable even during the emergency.
however, the phenomenon of committed judiciary is not one that occurred only during the emergency (june 25, 1975 - march 21, 1977), as commonly understood.
even earlier, in 1973, three seniormost judges of the supreme court had to resign when they were superseded by a junior judge, who was appointed as cji.
history repeated itself in a different fashion in justice k m josephs episode.
a strong central government made its aggrandising impositions on a weak and divided judiciary.
sometimes, political intrusion into the judicial affairs has been an insurmountable indian tragedy.
the centre has, no doubt, exposed itself in not having a valid justification in turning down the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice joseph.
unlike the case of elevation of judges of the high court as the chief justice of a high court, where seniority matters predominantly, for the elevation of a chief justice of a high court to the supreme court, seniority is not the sole criteria.
this proposition has been unequivocally laid down by a nine-judge bench of the supreme court in the presidential reference case [(1998) 7 supreme court cases 739].
the apex court said what matters for elevation to the supreme court is merit and not seniority.
the primacy of collegium and the finality of its unanimous decision in the matter of appointment are also legal principles settled by the supreme court by way of the 2nd judges case (1993), the 3rd judges case (1998) and the relatively recent verdict in the national judicial appointment commission case (2015).
justice joseph is an erudite judge who is known for his intellectual ability and honesty.
on april 21, 2016, he, along with justice v k bist, quashed the centres order for imposing presidents rule in uttarakhand which was not preceded by a floor test in the assembly.
the judgement could not have been otherwise, in view of the binding precedent in bommai (air 1994 sc 1918) in which the supreme court has mandated floor test to ascertain the majority.
though the supreme court upheld the verdict, it resorted to a conciliatory approach in its order of may 6, 2016.
ultimately, it persuaded the centre to agree for a floor test, which reinstated the then chief minister harish rawat.
the judgement of the high court has been more judicious.
but merit often costs one so dearly.
it is quite true that the moral authority of the congress to question the centre is doubtful since it lacked democratic legitimacy in ensuring judicial independence in the past.
that, however, does not dilute the content of the objection.
it is equally true that the present system of selection of judges by the collegium, often based on a barter system, as revealed by justice chelameswar, is terribly disgusting.
robert stevens famously said: judges choosing judges is the antithesis of democracy.
in the present scenario, merit is a notion that is so abstract and obscure.
even justice chelameswar recently bemoaned that elevation of judges to the top court is done based on impressions and not on evaluation.
but the government and even the supreme court are bound by the nine-judge bench ruling, which remains as the law of the land by virtue of article 141 of the constitution, as long as there is no law that supersedes it.
the centres stand, expressed through law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, also defies the conventions.
it is shown in a recent report that justice deepak gupta in the supreme court is junior to more than 45 judges in the high courts across the country (apurva viswanath, the print, february 15, 2018).
the same report shows that two sitting judges of the supreme court from karnataka, justice mohan m shantanagoudar and justice abdul nazeer are juniors to at least 39 sitting high court judges.
the argument that justice josephs elevation would result in over-representation for kerala is fallacious.
the only other judge from kerala, justice kurian joseph, is due to retire this november.
curiously, 2018 would witness scores of retirements as six judges would vacate office this year.
twelve vacancies are expected as against the sanctioned strength of 31 in the apex court.
this would erase the putative anxiety of the centre about the inadequacy of the regional or communal representation on the bench.
the process of appointments in constitutional court in india still awaits a comprehensive legislation that encompasses all its facets.
the very fact that the government can delay any appointment, as there is no statutory prescription of a time limit for approving or disapproving, tells a sad commentary on the system.
justice josephs name was returned by the centre only after an unjustifiable, inordinate and nefarious delay.
refusal to fill up the judicial vacancies in the higher courts is nothing but an insult to the constitution.
an independent judiciary is a constitutional imperative and a fair method for selection and elevation is its condition precedent.
the centre, that drained off the common man economically by way of demonetisation and excess tax, that repressed him socially by way of the apathy to the atrocities against the children, women and dalits, has also snatched away his democratic rights by trying to destroy the constitutional institutions, and in the process, even the supreme court is not spared.
congress wants trai probed for releasing details of mailersnew delhi, apr 28, 2015, dhns: 1:24 istthe congress on tuesday demanded a probe against the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) for revealing the names and email addresses of people who wrote to the regulator expressing their views on net neutrality.
gourav gogoi, a congress mp from assam, raised the issue in the lok sabha during zero hour and said the trai had exposed activists arguing in favour of net neutrality to hackers.
mallikarjun kharge, the leader of the congress in the lower house, concurred, and demanded a statement from the minister of communication and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad.
gogoi raised the issue in the house just days after congress vice-president rahul gandhi spoke on net neutrality in the lok sabha.
gandhi had argued in favour of protecting the basic right of every indian citizen to free internet.
in a grave error, the trai yesterday (on monday) published the names and email addresses of all these 10 lakh activists.
the seriousness of this crime can only be gauged if the house imagines what happens if a bank leaks the names and account details of all its account-holders, said gogoi.
that is the same damage done to these 10 lakh activists.
their names and email addresses are now exposed to hackers, online criminals, cybercrimes and spamming, said the congress mp, adding that the ministry of information technology and communications should launch a strict investigation into the regulatory body and identify the lapses in the security procedures.
he questioned why the trai had infringed upon the right of security and online privacy of 10 lakh citizens.
last updated: 28 april, 2011new delhi, april 28, dhns: 9:04 istin a development unprecedented in the history of indian parliamentary democracy, parliament's public accounts committee (pac) scrutinising the 2g scam on thursday stood a divided house with congress and some other party members declaring ''a new chairman''and forcing the incumbent chief m m joshi to walk out.
thursdays crucial pac meeting, which was to circulate the panels 2g scam draft report, which has held the prime ministers office and the cabinet secretariat responsible for failing to take corrective action in preventing the huge loss to the exchequer, was effectively scuttled by 11 ruling party and sp and bsp members.
the pac is a 22-member body with one vacancy.
they rejected the report and declared they had elected congress rajya sabha member saifuddin soz as the committee chairman.
this move itself was violative of parliamentary norms according to which the pac chairman should be from the principal opposition party.
they quoted rule 61, claiming that a majority of members on the pac had decided on electing a new chairman.
members backing joshi said a rajya sabha member can not head a lok sabha panel  the pac.
they said the task of the pac was finished and the next logical step would be to submit the report to the lok sabha speaker.
the pac meeting that began shortly after 11 am debated leakage of the report and its alleged outsourcing before it broke for lunch.
congress members, according to sources, sought summoning of former telecom minster a raja for questioning.
but it was in the post-lunch session that the meeting witnessed slogan-shouting from congress, sp, bsp and dmk members who sought a division and a vote on the report.
pac chairman and veteran bjp leader murli manohar joshi allowed each member to express his views, but this did not stop the congress-led group from disrupting the proceedings and dismissing the report.
shortly after the bedlam, joshi said in the parliament premises that he would have to look into all kinds of allegations, including outsourcing, leakage of the report and members speaking on television about the document.
refusing to comment on when the report would be submitted, joshi said there are still two days left.
the current pacs term lasts till the end of this month.
condemning the action, bjp spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad said: we see these attacks as a part of pattern.
we want to know, how is it that when manmohan singh found him (joshi) competent as the pac chief, how can he be called a villain.
reacting to the unsavoury developments, bjp mp bhartruhari mahtab said joshi remains the chairman and it is upto him to send the report to the speaker or take any other action that he deems suitable.
describing the action of the congress and other members to elect a new chairman as juvenile and childish, mahtab said only the lok sabha speaker can decide on a new pac chairman after following due procedures.
besides holding the pmo and the cabinet secretariat responsible for their failure to take corrective action, the report has censured prime minister manmohan singh for some unfortunate ommissions and made strong adverse remarks against p chidambaram who, at the time of spectrum allocation in 2008, was the finance minister.
on its part, the congress, which, as the party leading the upa government, is having to answer for a slew of corruption charges, attacked joshi for his partisan acts accused him of breaking public confidence and trust in the parliamentary institution.
human resource development minister kapil sibal said joshi tried a cloak and dagger exercise.
but mahtab said the congress members, who till wednesday were referring to the spectrum case as sub judice, were now demanding that raja be summoned afterthe draft report was already in the public domain.
pointing out that not all members need agree on the reports contents, mahtab said the same the thing happened with the kargil reports, operation desert and the coffin scam.
as per rules, he said, any complaint against the committees proceedings could only be routed through the chairman only which has not happened today.
the bjp mp said there was no rule to reject the report.
congress, dmk and sp members complained that important annexures to the draft report were not circulated to the committee members.
there is incongruity in the narrative part and reports observation part, they said.
opportunities await you in india, modi tells nris at pravasi bhartiya divasgandhinagar, jan 8, 2015, (pti) 15:31 istseeking deeper engagement of the indian diaspora for the country's growth, prime minister narendra modi today said a whole lot of possibilities were awaiting them in india as it has risen with new strength.
in his address at the 13th pravasi bhartiya divas here which marked the 100th anniversary of mahatma gandhi's return to india from south africa, he said the whole world was looking at india with great expectations and what was needed was confidence and capability.
describing indian diaspora as great capital for the country, the prime minister appealed to the community of over 25 million people living in over 200 countries to help transform the nation.
i am convinced that people of indian origin are our capital and strength, he said adding that, if we focus on this segment, we can create a lot of respect for the country globally.
making it clear that it is not only the pound sterling and the dollars that the government is interested in, modi asked the diaspora to help in transforming india.
those who want to work, there is a lot you can do, he said, citing the example of a young muslim girl of indian origin born in an african nation and settled in canada, who stayed in kutch for months to help with the post-earthquake rehabilitation work in 2001.
referring to merging of the pio and oci cards through a recent ordinance and extending visa on arrival facilities for several countries, modi said his government has fulfilled the promises made to them.
there used to be a time when you left your beloved country to explore opportunities in different parts of the world.
.
.
now i want to assure you that lot many possibilities are awaiting you as time is changing rapidly and india has risen with new strength, modi said to around 4,000 members of the diaspora.
president of guyana donald r ramotar, south africa's international relations minister maite nkoana-mashabane, external affairs minister sushma swaraj and it and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and gujarat chief minister anandiben patel were among those present at the event.
invoking gandhi, modi said his philosophies and teachings continue to inspire the world when it comes to humane development and resolving various problems facing the world.
when it comes to development while keeping humanity at its core, there is nothing greater than mahatma gandhi's philosophies, he said.
exhorting the diaspora to participate in the clean ganga initiative, he said the exercise is not only important from religious and environmental perspectives but also key to economic development of 40 per cent of india's population.
modi said after becoming prime minister he had the opportunity to meet over 50 heads of state and all wanted greater engagement with india.
the world is looking forward to embracing us, he said, adding it is now the duty of indians to prove equal to the expectations of the world with confidence.
modi appeared to take a dig at previous upa government over its lack of enthusiasm to the annual event which was launched by then prime minister atal bihari vajpayee in 2003.
you did not feel like attending the event.
some people would come because they had to and some people came because they could not help but come, the prime minister said, adding that he remained a regular at the event because of his conviction in its significance.
modi said the annual event has great significance and it should not be measured in terms of investment only as he referred to the emotional bond between india and its diaspora.
some people feel that this relation with the pravasis is driven by expectations, i think meeting our own people is a pleasure in itself, he said.
talking about issues relating to overseas indians, he said a mechanism for travel authorisation through electronic means have been put in place to ease travel to india by the diaspora community.
now you can do this through online correspondence so that your time is saved and our embassy could be most useful to you, he said.
modi said the rule requiring pio card holders to visit the local police station for verification every week has been done away with.
this decision shows how much this government values your self respect and dignity.
the prime minister also referred to declaration of june 21 as the world yoga day by the united nations following up on his proposal.
the fact that 177 out of 193 un member countries supported the indian proposal and the un making the announcement within 100 days is a small reflection on how the world is ready to embrace india, he said.
govt to release stamp commemorating mahant avaidyanathnew delhi, sep 28, 2015 (pti) 20:53 istlate mahant avaidyanath, a former bjp mp who had played a leading role in the movement for ram temple in ayodhya, will get a postal stamp issued in his memory soon.
a stamp is being released to mark the first death anniversary of avaidyanath, who was also father and guru of sitting bjp mp from gorakhpur yogi adityanath.
he died last year in september at the age of 95.
avaidyanath was elected to the lok sabha from gorakhpur for four times.
he was the chief priest of gorakhnath temple.
according to an official in the communications ministry, the stamp will be released this week.
a new stamp on dr b r ambedkar to commemorate his 125th birth anniversary will also be released, the official said.
a controversy had erupted earlier this month after the government decided to discontinue the stamps of indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
defending the government's move, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said the decision was taken on the advice of the philately advisory committee (pac) and that earlier the focus was on one family.
dh news service, new delhi, jun 17 2017, 0:27 istit biz can build $1-trillion digital economythe centre on friday said it will unveil two separate policies for the electronics sector and software products soon to boost sector growth.
we will be shortly laying down the new electronics policy because between the old policy and (now), india under narendra modi has changed completely.
therefore, to boost electronics manufacturing, we will come up with a new policy, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here.
the minister was addressing reporters after holding meeting with it and electronic sector representatives on building indias digital economy.
the first national policy on electronics was formulated in 2012 and approved by the cabinet in 2013.
with the change in sector for the past three to four years, the new policy will focus on growth areas in the electronics manufacturing segment.
the minister said the government will also roll out a new software product policy.
there is a need to look at an inward software market.
therefore, we will come with a new software product policy and we are going to have framework for data security and protection policy, prasad said.
he also said the government set up innovative zones in different parts of the country to encourage people to establish startups with the focus on health, education and agriculture.
earlier addressing the meeting, the minister said that the it industry should help india build a $1-trillion digital economy within four years by creating affordable technology and an inclusive environment.
highlighting that multi-billion dollar opportunities that exist in areas like it and it-enabled services, ecommerce, electronics manufacturing, digital payments and cyber security, he said the indian it sector has crossed rs 10 lakh crore in revenue and exports have crossed rs 7.
5 lakh crore.
govt issues 5,000 call interception orders a month on averagenew delhi, mar 4, 2015 (pti) 16:49 istthe home ministry on an average approves 5,000 call interception requests a month based on justified grounds made by law enforcement agencies, parliament was informed today.
the interception of telephone conversation is done by law enforcement agencies under provisions in section 5(2) of indian telegraph act, 1885 read with indian telegraph rules, 1951 amended from time to time, communication and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
on an average 5,000 interception orders per month are issued by the union home secretary on the requests supported by justified grounds/reasons made by law enforcement agencies, he said reply to the question whether over 9,000 phones are tapped every month in the country.
the minister informed the house that the rule 419a of indian telegraph rules allows lawful interception of phones under unavoidable circumstances.
in unavoidable circumstances, such order may be made by an officer not below the rank of a joint secretary to the government of india, who has been dully authorised by the union home secretary or the state home secretary, as the case may be.
provided that in emergent cases in remote areas, where obtaining of prior direction for interception of message or class of messages is not feasible or for operational reasons, where obtaining of prior directions for interception of messages or class of messages is nor feasible, prasad said.
the required interception of any message or class of messages shall be carried out with the prior approval of the head or second senior most officer of the authorised security that is the law enforcement agency at the central level and the officers authorised in the behalf, not below the rank of inspector general of police at the state level, he added.
but, the concerned competent authority shall be informed of such interceptions by the approving authority within three working days and such interceptions shall be got confirmed by the concerned competent authority within 7 working days, the minister said.
if the confirmation from the competent authority is not received within the stipulated 7 days, such interception shall cease and the same message or class of messages shall not be intercepted thereafter without the prior approval of union home secretary or the state home secretary, as the case may be, prasad added.
telcos can now install mobile towers on govt buildingsnew delhi: aug 12, 2015, dhns 10:38 istaiming to address mobile call drop problems, the government has decided to allow telecom firms to install mobile towers on government buildings.
in a recent meeting between department of telecom and ministry of urban development (ud) officials, the ud ministry agreed to allow telecom firms to install towers on government buildings under their control subject to structural safety and payment of appropriate licence fee by telecom service providers (tsp), telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to lok sabha on wednesday.
such mobile towers should be a shared facility for all operators, he said, adding that to prevent call drops, installation of more towers is necessary.
further, the minister said, the dot has pro-actively engaged in allaying the apprehensions of adverse effects on health due to emf radiations from mobile towers.
prasad said moud and chief ministers of states have been addressed for providing single window clearances, space in government land and buildings for mobile sites, speedy right of way (row) clearances and ensuring 24x7 power.
prasad said that in order to assess the gravity of problem of call drops, the telecom enforcement, resource and monitoring (term) cells have been asked to take up special audit to assess the coverage or quality of service in metro or capital cities of all mobile operators network in respect of key performance indicators.
in addition to the existing provision of financial disincentives to tsps for failing to meet the quality of service benchmark parameters prescribed by trai.
.
.
on the issue of compensating consumers for dropped calls, trais views has been sought by dot, the minister added.
service providers have complained to the government that it was not easy for them to find many spots to install mobile towers as private citizens are apprehensive of the emf radiations.
as a result of inadequate number of towers, companies could not address call drops issue.
new delhi, mar 5 , 2015, dhns: 2:12 istyoutube is believed to have removed the controversial bbc documentary on rape after the government directed it do so, but users can still access links to the video on the popular video sharing site.
meanwhile, the government also instructed telecom operators to ensure that the video is not available to their subscribers, after reports came that the documentary, which has the interview of the rape convict mukesh singh, was available to mobile broadband users, official sources said.
youtube removed the documentary from its website, sources in the government said.
youtube has confirmed compliance with the court order as per the notification from the government.
however, the documentary could still be viewed on the site, which officials said, was due to the almost hour-long video being available on the cache servers, that people are able to view.
indian computer emergency response team director general gulshan rai said: the content has been removed from the main server.
some cache content has been accessed by people which is also under removal.
telecom operators have been instructed to block those links as notified to us by the home ministry and delhi police.
speaking to reporters, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said: department of it has just complied with the court order, which it was obliged to do wherever any display of documentary, including on internet, was prohibited.
telcos can install mobile towers on govt buildingsnew delhi, august 13, 2015, dhns: 23:36 istaiming to address mobile call drop problems, the government has decided to allow telecom firms to install mobile towers on government buildings.
in a recent meeting between department of telecom and ministry of urban development (ud) officials, the ud ministry agreed to allow telecom firms to install towers on government buildings under their control subject to structural safety and payment of appropriate licence fee by telecom service providers (tsp), telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
such mobile towers should be a shared facility for all operators, he said, adding that to prevent call drops, installation of more towers is necessary.
further, the dot has pro-actively engaged in allaying the apprehensions of adverse effects on health due to emf radiations from mobile towers.
prasad said moud and chief ministers have been addressed for providing single window clearances, space in government land and buildings for mobile sites.
cong to counter civil societylast updated: 12 june, 2011dehradun/kolkata/delhi, jun 12, dhns and agencies: 0:33 istramdev breaks nine-day fast; anna complains to sonia againon a day when baba ramdev broke his nine-day-old fast, a belligerent congress announced to launch a countrywide campaign to counter the anti-graft movement by the yoga guru and civil society activist anna hazare.
hours after ramdev broke his fast in dehradun heeding appeals of spiritual, religious and non-congress political leaders, union finance minister pranab mukherjee, who was in kolkata, launched a frontal attack against the duo alleging that a section of civil society was trying to weaken democratic institutions.
the constitution has given the power to legislate only to parliament and the state assemblies.
if 5,000 or 6,000 people dictate from outside what the parliament ought to do, this will weaken democracy, mukherjee told a press conference.
he also accused the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh and the bharatiya janata party of trying to create trouble for the government by providing logistical support to the movement to settle scores as the congress had raised its voice against right-wing extremism.
as mukherjee spoke of launching an awareness campaign all over the country on the issue through debates, discussions and seminars, hazare shot off another letter to congress president, sonia gandhi protesting against her party leaders calling him a mask of bjp and rss.
he challenged the congress leaders to come out with evidence to prove their point.
in a three-page letter, a hurt hazare said such remarks were part of a conspiracy to defame him and urged her to ensure that these leaders should not resort to character assassination and mislead people on the jan lokpal bill.
he ended the fast in the presence of various religious and spiritual leaders, the art of living founder said.
doctors said ramdev would be discharged from hospital in two-three days though his condition is stable.
the yoga guru had been fasting since june 4 to protest against graft and wanted the government to evolve a mechanism to bring back black money stashed abroad.
ramdevs aide balkrishna said that the yoga gurus struggle against graft would continue.
the congress and the bjp welcomed ramdevs decision to end the fast.
congress general secretary janardhan dwivedi said it is good news while bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said the party had a sense of satisfaction.
congress spokesman abhishek manu singhvi said, congress has nothing to do with it.
.
.
but it is good for his health.
he should have listened to medical advice earlier.
however, another congress general secretary, b k hariprasad, dubbed ramdev a fraud and a dhongi (fake) baba.
earlier, punjab chief minister parkash singh badal, former haryana chief minister om prakash chautala and janata party leader subramanian swamy had met ramdev.
pvt telcos not improving services:stern steps on calldrop:govtnew delhi, dec 7, 2015, (pti) 16:14 istprivate telecom companies are increasing their customers but not improving services which are very bad, government said in rajya sabha today and while asserting that it will take stern steps to address the menace of mobile call dropping.
communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the private telecom companies have been asked to improve the infrastructure and the government is monitoring it.
after the issue was raised by naresh agrawal (sp) during zero hour, prasad said he shared the concern of the member and the parliament over the problem.
i understand the concern raised by the member on the issue and parliament's concern.
i and my government have taken this issue very seriously.
.
.
i am concerned over the issue and we are rectifying it.
for last two-three years, the issue was not taken seriously.
i want to assure you that the effective steps taken now by me have never been taken earlier, he said.
i am a strong minister and will take more stern steps to improve the services, he said.
prasad said private telecom companies are increasing their customers but not improving services which are very bad.
he added that be it the chief of vodafone or airtel, both have admitted to the problems and said they will improve.
of the total 18 lakh mobile towers of private companies across the country, a survey has found 35,000 towers to be faulty, the minister said.
while 20,000 such towers have been rectified, still 15,000 faulty towers are to be set right.
my department is monitoring it and have been asking private companies for investing and improving the infrastructure, he saidhe said due to government's efforts and pressure in the last three months, private mobile companies have installed 14,000 new towers and in delhi alone 700 new mobile towers have come up.
a new tower is being installed in the parliament annexe and library building, he said, adding that his department is monitoring it.
agrawal also sought a thorough discussion on the issue to end comsumer exploitation, to which the minister responded positively saying he was ready for one.
responding to the question of trai's decision to impose penalty on private companies for call dropping, the minister said as far as trai's decision is concerned, it will be implemented from january.
prasad further claimed that bsnl, which is in operating profit for the first time in the last five years,is installing 25,000 more towers across the country in the last one month.
i will also bring bsnl in profit.
.
.
i would not talk about my efficiency.
bsnl was in 10,000 profit in 2004 and was in loss thereafter.
bsnl is in operating profit, for the first time in five years.
it was in losses earlier, he said.
govt says it differed with upa ministry's stand on sec 66anew delhi, mar 24, 2015 (pti) 14:51 istgovernment today made it clear that it differs with previous upa regime's stand on section66a of it act, which has been scrapped by supreme court, and has conveyed it in writing to apex court that it respects freedom of speech and expression and is not in favour of curtailing communication of honest dissent or criticism on social media.
at the same time, it had conveyed a request to the court that government is willing to come out with additional, more stringent guidelines so as to prevent abuse of section 66a of the act which allows arrest of a person for posting allegedly offensive content on websites.
our government led by prime minister narendra modi took a very conscious decision that we don't support the stand of the previous government.
we respect the freedom of speech and expression.
we respect communication of ideas on social media and we are not in favour of curtailing communication of honest dissent, opinion, disapproval or criticism on social media, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
in his initial comments on the supreme court verdict, he said the government had stressed that it will not support any interpretation of section 66a of it act that curtails the ideas of freedom of speech and expression enshrined under article 19(1) of the constitution.
it is very important to be noted that in our affidavit filed, apart from reiterating our new position on behalf of government of india, we have clearly conveyed that if section 66a of the it act cannot be interpreted in consonance with article 19(1) read with article 19(2), then we don't support that interpretation at all, he said.
though prasad said he will come with a structured response once he reads the entire judgement that runs into 200 pages, he said, on government's instruction the additional solicitor general tushar mehta also conveyed a request to the bench that government is willing to come out with additional more stringent guidelines so as to prevent abuse of section 66a of the act.
i am awaiting the judgement.
the government of india's stand is quite different from the previous government's and it has been very clear and consistent which i have just mentioned.
i will come with a structured response after going through the judgement, he said.
govt to help judiciary to reduce pendency of cases: pmallahabad, apr 2, 2017, (pti) 14:54 istpm modi at closing ceremony of allahabad hc's 150th year celebrations.
aniprime minister narendra modi today assured chief justice j s khehar that his government will make all efforts to back his resolve to reduce burden on the judiciary and pendency of cases.
i assure the chief justice that government will back his 'sankalp' (resolve) to bring down the burden on the judiciary and reduce pendency of cases, he said in his address at the sesquicentennial celebrations marking 150 years of the allahabad high court.
noting that he felt that there was an element of pain in the speech of justice khehar, modi said the government had done away with 1200 old laws to find a way out of the maze of the statues and also help the judiciary in modernising the system.
he asked the people working on startups to bring about innovations to strengthen the judicial system.
the prime minister lauded the steps being taken by the chief justice to make use of technology in simplifying the working in the courts and bring about qualitative change.
modi also said video conferencing should be used for deposition made in courts by those facing trial, the witnesses and officials to prevent wastage of time and money.
he appealed to the judiciary, the government and the people to make 2022, the 75th year of independence, a target year to take the country to greater heights.
earlier addressing the gathering, justice khehar raise the issue of pendency of cases in courts including the supreme court and said he was taking steps to reduce the burden on the judiciary.
he asked the judges to consider sitting in courts for five days during vacation to clear at least 10 cases each day and bring down the pendency.
this way thousands of small matters like matrimonial disputes and mediation cases can be settled and arrears of cases brought down he said and referred to a system of court management under which pendency of cases in malaysia had been brought down to one-fifth.
he said he proposes to have three constitution benches during this summer vacation to help reduce the arrears in the apex court.
on the issue of simplification of procedure, justice khehar said he is making efforts to make the system paperless in the supreme court in a month or so.
the gathering was attended by up and west bengal governors ram naik and k n tripathi, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, up chief minister yogi adtiyanath, allahabad high court cji dilip b bhosale and members from the legal fraternity.
open to idea of separate mechanism for broadcasting cases: fmnew delhi, feb 6, 2016, pti: 14:23 istgovernment is open to the proposal of creating separate dispute resolution mechanisms for broadcasting and telecom sectors, union minister arun jaitley said today.
amid sector regulator tdsat flooded with the cases, its chairperson justice aftab alam said the number of broadcasting cases has far exceeded those related to telecom sector.
he was speaking at a seminar on telecom and broadcasting theme  art (adjudication, regulation, telecommunication) of convergence, tdsat.
responding to the issue raised by justice alam, jaitley, who holds the charge of information and broadcasting ministry besides finance ministry, said the government was willing to look at the suggestion of having a separate mechanism to deal with broadcasting cases.
he asked the tdsat to bring before the government an appropriate suggestion in this regard.
you have thrown a new challenge to the entire thought process and that challenge is even when acts are framed with best of intentions, the ingenuity of lawyers, the unlimited jurisdiction of judges creates a situation of a divided authority.
parts of the same issue or some part of the same cause of action are pending before one authority, some parts would also be pending before courts, said jaitley.
stressing that tdsat has by and large functioned well, he said the issues flagged by tdsat chairman were a matter for consideration.
i will certainly bring in to his (telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad) notice that it will require some element of reconsideration, what the alternate mechanism of dealing.
.
.
particularly relating to broadcasting because you feel it (tdsat) is flooded with broadcasting disputes, he said.
last year there were 707 cases filed before tdsat.
of those 593 were related to broadcast sector and remaining 104 from telecom.
.
.
.
experience is if you.
.
.
leave it to the jurisdiction of civil court than probably the issues can get indefinitely delayed and therefore what that alternate mechanism could be, has it to be some other mechanism under the (trai) act etc which is to be created, i am sure the government would always be willing to look at it so that the time and energy of tdsat is really spent on larger commercial issues and issues relating to how the technology.
.
.
, he said.
later talking to reporters, justice alam said when the trai bill was brought in parliament, simultaneously there was a broadcasting bill also.
the broadcasting bill did not make into a law.
there are issues that need to be addressed.
.
.
this (broadcasting) is a very vibrant sector.
everyday new challenges are coming up, new issues are coming up, debates are going on.
these issues will have to be addressed, he added.
new delhi, nov 18, 2014 (pti): 13:21 istwith the objective to raise savings in the country, the government today re-launched kisan vikas patra (kvp), an instrument which will provide trusted option of investment to poor and keep them off ponzi schemes.
in the last 2-3 years, savings rate in country has declined from a record high of 36.
8 per cent to below 30 per cent due to slowdown in the economy.
it is, therefore, necessary to encourage people to save more, finance minister arun jaitley said during the launch of the revamped kvp.
kvp would serve two purposes, he said, adding, one it would help poor gullible investors to channelise their savings towards trusted government scheme instead of some ponzi schemes, where hard earned savings disappears.
secondly, there is an urgent need to raise savings in the country.
.
.
these savings are then used for nation building.
such saving instrument not only earn interest but help in development of the country, he said.
talking about the features of the instrument, the finance minister said this simple product would be a bearer instrument without name of the holder in the first phase.
available in the denomination of rs 1,000, 5,000, 10,000 and 50,000, the amount invested in kvp would be doubled in 100 months.
kvp, that has got no upper ceiling for investment, can be encashed after a lock-in period of 30 months.
initially, the certificates will be sold through post offices, but the same will soon be made available to the investing public through designated branches of nationalised banks, jaitley said.
however, savers would not get any tax benefit for their investment in kvp.
recognising the need to provide easy instruments of savings for people who have not had access to other savings instruments.
.
.
and therefore you have to rely either on keeping the money with them or buying gold, gold silver, finance secretary rajiv mehrishi said.
speaking on the occasion, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said kvp was a popular instrument for small savings and it had an emotional connect with the people of the country.
for around 100 years, he said, the postal department has been engaged in small savings schemes and there are around 30.
8 lakh account holders currently under it.
postal department is undertaking 7 small saving schemes of government of india and it has an outstanding of around rs 6 lakh crore, he added.
kvp was discontinued in 2011.
the scheme was very popular among the investors and the percentage share of gross collections secured in kvp after its launch in 1988 was in the range of 9-29 per cent against the total collections received under all national savings schemes in the country.
gross collections under the scheme in the year 2010-11 stood at rs 21,631.
16 crore which was 9 per cent of the total gross collections during the year.
kumaraswamy stands by comments on gandhilast updated: 13 april, 2011bangalore, apr 13 (pti) 18:16 istjd-s leader h d kumaraswamy today stuck to his controversial remarks that mahatma gandhi would have turned corrupt in the present day politics, within days after claiming he was misquoted.
if gandhiji were to be there in present day politics, he would have either compromised (on corruption) or quit, kumaraswamy told reporters here, asserting, i will not go back on my words.
kumaraswamy, whose remarks on gandhi evoked all round condemnation, defended it saying he had deliberately cited gandhi in an effort to drive home the point that rampant corruption had seeped into politics.
the former karnataka chief minister said he never meant to show disrespect to the father of the nation.
we have hung the portraits of gandhiji and jp (jayprakash narayan) in the party office as a mark of our respect to them, he said.
kumaraswamy, son of former prime minister h d deve gowda, also expressed doubts over the efficacy of the proposed lokpal bill in combating corruption.
the jd-s karnataka chief wondered how the proposed lokpal with members nominated by the government on its panel would be able to suggest effective measures against corruption, which he said had taken deep roots in the society.
has the lokayukta been able to punish any corrupt official so far?
we see the lokayukta sleuths raiding and trapping so many officials.
what happens to them?
kumaraswamy asked.
kumaraswamy however hastened to add that he does not mean to discourage the efforts launched by gandian anna hazare against corruption.
claiming that the movement launched by narayan had failed, he said, it is my earnest hope that anna hazare's campaign does not meet the same end.
after his remarks on gandhi had stirred up a controversy, with leaders including gandhian anna hazare, who led a successful agitation on the lokpal bill issue, taking exception to it, kumaraswamy had claimed he was misquoted.
if our leaders are talking like this, how are you going to root out corruption, hazare had said.
union finance minister and veteran congress leader pranab mukherjee had dismissed it as meaningless utterances.
the bjp too had slammed the jd-s leader, with its senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad asking what else can you expect from mr kumaraswamy?
nothing better.
flipkart pulls out of airtel zero deal to support net neutralitynew delhi, apr 14, 2015, (pti) 15:18 istswitching sides to support 'net neutrality', e-commerce major flipkart today decided to walk away from its proposed tie-up with airtel that has been at the centre of a raging debate over a need to maintain equal internet access for all.
we will be walking away from the ongoing discussions with airtel for their platform airtel zero, flipkart said.
net neutrality implies equal treatment to all internet traffic and any priority given to an application or company on payment basis is seen as violating the concept.
launched last week, airtel zero is an open-marketing platform that allows customers to access certain mobile applications for free with charges being borne by app makers.
airtel zero, as also similar services launched by reliance communications and facebook, among others, have come under attack with critics terming them as attempts to restrict 'free' internet access to select platforms and against the 'net neutrality' regime.
a government-appointed panel is looking into these concerns and is likely to submit its report next month, while the matter is being separately studied by telecom regulatory authority of india (trai), which has already got submissions from over one lakh netizens in support of net neutrality in india.
free internet advocates and start-ups see the move as a violation of net neutrality and one that could even lead to monopolisation by a few and squeezing out of small companies.
flipkart co-founder sachin bansal, who earlier defended 'airtel zero' and had criticised the opposition to it in the name of 'net neutrality', said today, we have always unequivocally supported net neutrality and will continue to do so.
we did look into the zero rating concept and on one hand we felt that being able to make free internet available could be useful but after looking in deeper we realised that net neutrality can get compromised in the future which we are not supportive of it at all.
he had earlier tweeted in defence of airtel zero, saying when foreign companies do it in india - innovation.
indians do it - violation.
#netneutralitydiscrimination?
this resulted in flipkart drawing a lot of flak online with many users even deleting the app from their phones to show support for net neutrality.
we think that equal access to internet and equal treatment of all services on the internet is important for healthy growth of internet and internet-based services in the country, bansal said.
flipkart has always taken a consumer first stance whenever we evaluate a choice or make a decision.
we had played our role in growth of internet adoption in the country and will continue to do so over a long period of time, so we are not going to participate in any zero rating programme, he added.
the flipkart spokesperson said there has been a great amount of debate, both internally and externally, on the topic of zero rating over the last few days and we have a deeper understanding of the implications.
we will be committing ourselves to the larger cause of net neutrality in india.
we will be internally discussing over the next few days, the details of actions we will take to support the cause, the spokesperson added.
queries sent to airtel remained unanswered.
telecom regulator trai is already looking into the issue, while airtel has justified its move saying the initiative would be a 'win-win' for customers and marketers alike.
trai has put the issue for public feedback with the last date for submitting comments being april 24 and counter comments may 8, while the watchdog is being bombarded with mails backing net neutrality.
besides, telecom ministry has also set up a expert panel to look into the issue.
non discriminatory net availability is what we need to strive for.
.
.
the committee should submit its report within a month to help the government make an informed decision, telecom and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
besides, anti-trust watchdog cci might also launch a probe into schemes launched by some telecom operators, including airtel, reliance communications and uninor, that claim to provide 'free' access to certain internet applications.
reflecting the large interest generated among people by the debate, the hashtag 'savetheinternet' has been trending on micro blogging site twitter over the last few day.
over one lakh netizens have already written to telecom regulator trai in support of net neutrality in the country.
social networks like twitter and facebook have been buzzing with people campaigning that policy makers should not allow telecom companies to charge extra fees for internet services or provide preferential access to certain apps.
the campaign has also drawn support from different sections, including politicians and actors.
delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal tweeted: aap committed to neutral internet.
india must debate #netneutrality.
i support #saveinternet campaign.
after a video by comedy group aib (explaining why net neutrality is essential for india) went viral on social networks, actors like shah rukh khan and kunal khemu, music composer vishal dadlani and congress leader digvijay singh have also extended their support through tweets.
the nine-minute video urges people to sign up against allowing telecom operators/internet service providers to choose the type, quantity or pricing of content for consumers.
leading the voices of bollywood, actor-director farhan akhtar has called for a campaign to 'save the internet'.
attack highly improper: fmnew delhi, feb 18, 2016, dhns: 0:42 istunion minister arun jaitley on wednesday condemned the incident of attack on journalists at patiala house court premises, saying media has an unhindered right to report.
media has an unhindered right to report.
attack on mediapersons is highly improper and condemnable, the information and broadcasting (i&b) minister tweeted.
this came after a group of people dressed in lawyers robe beat up mediapersons on the court premises for the second time in last two days.
the journalists had gone to the court for coverage of court proceedings in the jnu student sedition case.
the mob began assaulting the media persons when the jnu student leader kanhaiya kumar was being produced in a court in connection with the case.
earlier in the day, union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad also suggested that alternative voice in the university should also be heard.
jnu is a very premier institution of india, widely respected also.
it has produced outstanding civil servants, great academicians and also well known public figures.
its faculty and students also excel well.
we all think there is also a very eloquent, powerful and constructive alternative voice in the jnu.
the country is equally eager to hear that voice, he said.
govt reviews ban, to block only child porn sitesnew delhi, aug 05, 2015, dhns: 2:33 istaffidavit in sc soon to explain actionwidespread outrage on social media and other platforms forced the centre on tuesday to review the ban order on 857 websites and restrict it only to those hosting child pornography.
at a meeting here with top department officials, it and telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad decided to unblock websites that do not host child pornography.
in future, only websites containing child pornography will be blocked.
other considerations will be looked into after the supreme court hearing, an official said after the meeting.
the meeting was also attended by it secretary r s sharma and additional solicitor general pinky anand.
anand told reporters that the ministry would soon file an affidavit in the supreme court explaining its action taken on the issue raised by the petition even as she emphasised only those adult websites that had child pornography were blocked.
earlier, the government issued direction to telecom operators and internet service providers to disable urls of 857 websites under section 79(3)(b) of the information technology act, 2000 as the content hosted on these websites related to morality, decency as given in article 19(2) of the constitution.
in the process, however, some websites which were found to be hosting jokes, memes and other humourous content without any pornography, were also blocked.
the instant action is basically in obedience to the observation of the supreme court where the court asked the department to take action on the list of alleged porn sites provided by the petitioner (kamlesh vaswani), said prasad.
explaining the rationale behind the original directive, the minister said the government is committed to freedom of communication on the internet.
the government compliments the dissemination of idea on social media.
we have launched the mygov platform seeking views on developmental agenda and lakhs of people are participating on this platform, he added.
reacting to the outrage against the move, prasad had said on monday: i reject with contempt the charge that it is a talibani government, as being said by some of the critics.
our government supports free media, respect communication on social media and has respected freedom of communication always.
parliament logjam: no truce even on third daynew delhi, july 23, 2015, dhns: 1:20 istall-party meet cancelled after cong gives the slipthe governments attempt to broker a truce with the opposition failed on thursday after the congress party skipped an all-party informal meeting.
upset with the move, the government appears to be hardening its stand on backing external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje over the lalitgate issue.
let them (congress) be exhausted since there is no chance of accepting their demand of resignation first and debate later, a senior minister said.
government sources said junior parliamentary affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi and rajiv pratap rudy had reached out to all parties for an informal meet at around 12:30 pm on thursday to break the logjam in parliament.
bjp sources said after initially agreeing to the plan, congress floor managers backed out leaving little meaning for having the meeting intended to take feedback from all parties.
the meeting was subsequently called off.
in a business advisory committee of lok sabha meeting held on wednesday, congress mp jyotiraditya scindia had said that none from the government had approached his party for breaking the ice in both the houses, giving a food for thought for parliamentary affairs ministry to initiate the first step.
continuing from the day before, the bjp repackaged its ammunition with more details to target himachal chief minister virbhadra singh for alleged tax evasion in the new series of scam versus scam between the ruling party and congress.
on wednesday, the bjp released a video sting to hit out at uttarakhand chief minister harish rawat over his aide purportedly demanding bribe to give liquor contracts to private vendors.
in another attack on the congress, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad in a press conference charged that himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh had siphoned off crores of rupees as unsecured loan by reviving an energy project.
raising a clear question, prasad sought an explanation from congress vice-president rahul gandhi whether  giving extension to a cancelled project of venture energy & technology private limited doesnt amount to quid pro quo?
august 6, 2016.
agencies 12:43 istprime minister narendra modi will address dedicated users of mygov app, his pet e-governance initiative, at a town hall meet on saturday evening.
the event is being held to mark two years of mygov, which modi launched after taking over as pm.
the portal purportedly helps the citizens of the country connect with the prime ministers office and share their ideas or suggestions for good governance.
union minister of it, law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad inaugurated a day-long session on the subject, which will culminate with the prime ministers session.
a new app would also be launched to allow mobile users to connect with website of the prime ministers office.
pm denounces female foeticide, calls it 'mental illness'panipat, jan 22, 2015, (pti) 19:51 istdenouncing the practice of female foeticide, prime minister narendra modi today said the discrimination against girls reflects mental illness and displays a mindset worse than that in the 18th century.
launching 'beti bachao beti padhao (save daughter, educate daughter)' scheme in this district of haryana, a state with one of the poorest sex ratio, modi also slammed doctors indulging in female foeticide, saying their sin was a betrayal against society.
in a hard-hitting speech, he said, we cannot call ourselves citizens of 21st century by practising such a crime and we were by our mindset belonged to 18th century when daughters were killed soon after they were born.
administering a pledge to the gathering that they will work to end female foeticide and discrimination against girls, he said, we are in fact worse than that.
in those times, (in 18th century), girls would be allowed to be born and live for some time.
we kill our daughters in the wombs of their mothers.
.
.
in the root of this is our mental poverty.
noting that in the indian society, sons are considered very important, he said there is a belief that daughters are a property of some other house where they would be married.
this disease is not of haryana alone but this mental illness ails the whole country.
pleading to end this ill practice, he said, the prime minister of this country had come to them like a beggar and was begging for the lives of daughters.
referring to haryana, he said it was very painful for him to see that in a state which produced a woman like kalpana chawla, the first indian woman to have travelled in space, other kalpana chawlas are killed in the wombs of their mother.
he also launched sukanya samridhi yojna (girl child prosperity scheme), under which girl children below 10 years will have bank accounts with more interest and income tax benefits.
a host of union ministers, including maneka gandhi, ravishankarprasad prasad, smriti irani and j p nadda, haryana governor kaptan singh solanki and chief minister manohar lal khattar joined modi as he launched the scheme.
bollywood actress madhuri dixit was also there to promote the drive against female foeticide.
the campaign will be initially implemented in the 100 districts, including 12 in haryana, across country where sex ratio is rather poor.
by persisting with such a discrimination against girl child, the nation would not only harm itself but also generations to come, the prime minister said, adding it will take a lot of commitment and many years before the imbalance in sex ratio ended.
urging doctors to shun female foeticide, modi said they were not given education for killing girl child and that it was their responsibility as part of the society to ensure girls' safety and progress.
i want to ask you if this is what you have to do to make money.
.
.
this sin is a betrayal against society, he said.
terming as a myth that sons take care of parents in their old age, modi said had it been true, then so many old age homes would not have come up in the last 50 years.
there are countless number of families where parents are unhappy despite having sons and where parents are happy due to their daughter, he said.
citing the incident in 2006 which a five-year-old boy prince was rescued in an over 50-hour operation after he had fallen in a borewell in kurukshetra, he said the whole country had prayed for him.
he wondered why the same people become so insensitive when so many girl children are killed around them.
stressing the need for quality education for girls, he said the fact that parents do not educate their daughters well but want well-educated daughters-in-law reflects society's double-standard.
maneka gandhi said the 'beti bachao, beti padhao' campaign was the fourth major initiative of the modi government after jandhan yojna, swachh bharat abhiyan and make in india campaign.
a reward of rs 1 crore will be given for the innovative village which attains a balanced sex ratio.
gandhi said there were 70 villages in the state where no girl child had been born for years.
modi said that it is a collective responsibility of governments, society, villages, families and parents to become sensitive towards girl child.
he stressed the fact that if presently 1,000 boys are born in our country, then an equal number of girls should also be born.
otherwise the system of the universe will not work, he said.
terming the mindset towards girl child as a matter of great concern, he said that in jhajjar and mahendargarh districts of haryana, there are 1,000 boys against 785 girls which meant that around 225 boys will remain unmarried in coming days.
he said he was pained that the land (haryana) which is known to give the message of humanity is also witnessing the killings of girls in their mother's wombs.
at times if there is a girl in the womb of a woman, she does not want to kill it by abortion.
.
.
however, family pressure and environment compels her to became part of the sin of killing the child, he said.
modi said girls were today doing well in sports, in education and health sectors, and contributed significantly even in agriculture.
the prime minister thanked actress madhuri dixit for her participation in the programme despite her mother being seriously unwell.
this, he said, demonstrated her commitment to the cause, and similar commitment would be required to overcome the gender imbalance created in our society.
recalling the example of jayapur village in varanasi, where, on his advise, an anandotsav (celebration) is held on the birth of every girl child and five trees are planted, the prime minister said that people across the country should follow this example.
on the occasion, every corner of the ground in which the programme was held carried the message to protect and save the girl child.
new delhi, apr 25, 2013, (pti) : 18:11 istahead of the adoption of controversial report on 2g scam, an all-out war broke out in the jpc today with opposition members demanding ouster of chairman p c chacko, a move swiftly countered by congress which sought removal of three bjp members.
15 members of jpc belonging to bjp, jd(u), aiadmk, dmk, left parties, tmc, and bjd met lok sabha speaker meira kumar to convey their no-confidence in chacko on grounds of highly partisan, unfair and prejudicial conduct besides alleged leakage of the draft report.
the members of eight parties wanted the speaker to replace chacko with someone else.
they put the demand on a day when a meeting of jpc to adopt the report was slated but cancelled in view of death of a trinamool congress member of the lok sabha.
the draft report has come under attack from opposition members for clean chit to prime minister manmohan singh and finance minister p chidambaram.
in the 30-member jpc, congress has 11 members, including chacko and its ally ncp has one member.
the opposition members alleged that chacko has failed in his duty to lead the jpc to bring out the truth.
instead he has used the jpc to conceal and subvert the truth, their letter to the speaker alleged.
hours later, congress countered the move, with its members meeting the speaker to demand removal of three bjp members -- yashwant sinha, jaswant singh and ravishankarprasad prasad, contending conflict of interest.
these members were instrumental in taking major decisions relating to the telecom sector that are being investigated into by the jpc as its terms of reference is spread over the period from 1998 to 2009, said letter by congress members to the speaker.
they pointed out that singh was chairman of a high-level group on telecom in 1998 and later head of a group of ministers on telecom in which sinha and prasad were members.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday dismissed the opposition charge that the government was stalling appointments to the higher judiciary.
he said the executive was not committing a cardinal sin by seeking reconsideration of some proposals sent by the supreme court collegium.
he also said that the judiciary had enough foresight and statesmanship to settle differences within and urged the political class to remain immune to the issue.
the law minister also made a veiled attack on the congress, claiming that parties which had lost in elections were using courts to hit out at the ruling party through sponsored litigation.
on allegations that the government was stalling appointments to the supreme court and the 24 high courts, prasad said neither the law minister nor the law ministry was a post office which would only process recommendations of the collegium on the appointment of judges.
the government had come under attack when it returned the collegium's recommendation to elevate uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph to the supreme court, citing seniority and regional imbalance.
not a post officehe said the government respected the verdict of the supreme court quashing the national judicial appointments commission act, which sought to give the executive a larger say in judicial appointments.
but i wish to make it very clear that the law minister or the law ministry is not a post office.
this fact i would like to very gently highlight.
even in the collegium system.
.
.
created by the three judgements of 1993, 1998 and 1999, the right of the government has been acknowledged to seek a reconsideration and also to give inputs, he said while addressing an event.
we have a constitutional role.
.
.
we shall continue to respectfully and gently convey our views.
obviously, the collegium has to take the call, prasad said.
he said in 2016, 126 hc judges, the highest number in the last 30 years, were appointed against the average 79 to 82 per annum since 1989.
in 2017, 117 hc judges were appointed and till now 30 hc judges have been appointed.
he said 30 additional judges posts were also created.
prasad exhorts people to make digital paymentspatna, dec 24, 2016 (pti) 18:11 istunion minister for electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad today exhorted people, especially businessmen, to adopt and promote digital transactions for the country's economic development.
advocating for cashless, less-cash and digital payments, prasad, who is also law and justice minister, distributed point of sale (pos) machines among the businessmen and traders here at a function to promote and popularise the use of digital transactions /payments.
it is not about 'cashless' rather the government stresses 'less' on cash.
our emphasis is to promote digital mode of payments, prasad said at a function here.
he was addressing a gathering of businessmen and traders at a 'go cashless awareness programme' organised by the electronics and information technology ministry at khajekalan in the state capital.
the minister, who along with bihar bjp chief nityanand rai, made digital payment for having tea at bablu gupta's tea stall at khajekalan area in patna city after the function, also showed people how easy is digital transaction.
while addressing people, prasad said, the drive for digital payment would make india a stronger country.
it would broaden the ambit of tax net.
.
.
demonetisation is a surgical strike on black money and aims to wipe out corruption.
the decision would ultimately help honest people.
he said, it is not only easy to make or accept digital payments but it would also keep record of the transactions a businessmen had in a day or month and on that basis, he/she may get loans from banks easily.
a person can make payments using his/her cards, mobile phones and aadhaar today given the fact that there are 105 crore mobile phones, 109 crore aadhaar cards, 50 crore internet connections, 35 crore smart phones.
he made it clear to the businessmen that government agencies would not go after the transactions that they had carried out prior to november 8.
new delhi, feb 12, 2017, dhns: 2:30 istthe centre is planning to give digital literacy training to six crore rural households over the next three years so that more people make digital payments and benefit from internet-based services.
the government will also train 14 lakh anganwadi workers and computerise 65,000 rural cooperative banks, information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
besides, digital literacy training will also be given to gram panchayat members and rural health workers, he said.
the government will involve common service centres in the digital literacy programme.
apart from the existing 2.
05 lakh centres, another 50,000 will be opened soon.
the union cabinet has already approved the pradhan mantri gramin digital saksharta abhiyan, under which rs 2,351.
38 crore will be spent in the next three years.
digitally literate people would be able to operate computers and digital access devices like tablets and smartphones, send and receive emails, undertake cashless transactions and browse the net to access government services and search for information.
the scheme will be implemented under the supervision of the ministry of electronics and it in collaboration with the states and union territories through their designated state-implementing agencies and district e-governance societies.
according to the national survey only 6  of rural households have a computer, implying that a large number of them are digitally illiterate.
50 days extra work under mgnrega for drought-hit areas: govtnew delhi, sep 16, 2015 (pti) 16:00 istpeople in drought-hit areas will get additional 50 days of work under the mgnrega scheme due to monsoon deficit in various parts of the country.
at present, 100 days of work is provided to rural job card holders under the mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee act (mgnrega).
the decision was taken in today's cabinet meeting after monsoon deficit widened beyond 15 per cent across the country, which could affect kharif crops and rural income.
already, karnataka has declared drought in 27 out of 30 districts, while maharashtra, telangana and andhra pradesh are also likely to declare drought-hit areas in their states.
the cabinet has given its ex-post facto approval to provide an additional 50 days of unskilled manual work in the financial year, over and above the 100 days assured to job card holders, in such rural areas where drought or natural calamities have been notified, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the meeting.
the move will enable states to provide additional wage employment to the rural poor in drought affected areas.
the poorest rural households will benefit from this, as it will help in immediate absorption of rural seasonal unemployment, and reduce rural distress, he said.
prasad also listed many other steps taken by government to provide immediate relief to farmers in view of the deficit monsoon in the kharif season of 2015.
earlier, the government had announced diesel subsidy scheme for farmers to help save standing crops.
it also enhanced ceiling on seed subsidy to compensate the farmers in the drought affected districts for the additional expenditure incurred in the re-sowing, he added.
the government has also announced appropriate input support measures to rejuvenate water-stressed horticulture crops in drought-hit areas.
it has also decided to provide assistance for additional interventions production of fodder for mitigating adverse impact of drought on livestock in drought-hit blocks.
that apart, the centre has made flexible allocation under the rashtriya krishi vikas yojana and other centrally sponsored schemes.
it has put in place crop contingency plan for 600 districts.
oppn disrupts pre-noon sitting of rs on conversion issuenew delhi, dec 16, 2014, (pti) 12:14 ista determined opposition led by congress and sp today forced two adjournments in rajya sabha in the pre-noon session over its demand for prime minister narendra modi's reply on the issue of forced conversion.
barring tamil nadu parties, the entire opposition raised slogans and stormed into the well, forcing deputy chairman p j kurien to adjourn the house first for 15 minutes and then till noon.
as soon as the house met for the day, sitaram yechury (cpi-m) said the government had yesterday stated that there was no order asking schools to remain open on christmas day for an essay competition on 'good governance' to mark former prime minister atal bihari vajpayee's birthday.
he said he had a copy of the circular issued to schools and wanted it to be placed on the table of the house.
soon congress, sp, bsp, jd-u and tmc members joined in to raise statements by ministers and ruling party mps, which the opposition members contended were vitiating the communal atmosphere.
they trooped into the well shouting slogans dharam ka sauda band ko (stop selling religion) and demanding a reply from the prime minister.
treasury benches objected to repeated disruptions with minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi saying the government was ready for an immediate debate on the issue but the opposition was running away from it.
attempts by kurien to restore order failed, forcing the first adjournment for 15 minutes.
similar scenes were witnessed when the house resembled.
kurien asked naresh agarwal (sp), who had given a notice, to speak but as soon as he began to make his submission, treasury benches shouted him down.
this led to opposition members trooping into the well shouting slogans.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government was ready for a debate but the opposition was running away.
the protest, he said, was politically motivated.
kurien told the slogan shouting members that parliament was not for slogan shouting but for debate.
government is ready for discussion.
why don't you agree for a discussion, he said but the members kept shouting.
very unfortunate.
i am so disappointed at unruly behaviour of members.
you are elected to the house not to shout slogans but to debate and discuss.
.
.
this is height of indiscipline.
.
.
unbecoming behaviour, he said.
he asked agarwal and anand sharma (cong) to call back their party members but none heeded to his pleas, forcing him to adjourn the proceedings till noon.
new delhi, aug 25 (pti) 18:12 istto curb the menace of call drops, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today asked mobile operators to optimise their networks, even as he promised full support on policy front including on installation of towers.
.
.
.
whatever is necessary for policy, we will do, like installation of mobile towers on government buildings, speaking against radiation fears.
so, what is required from the government, we will do.
i expect operators should also do what is required to reinforce their system, optimise their networks, prasad told reporters here at a conference of south asian telecom regulation council at greater noida near here.
the problem of frequent call drops has worsened in the recent months.
at a meeting last evening, prime minister narendra modi also voiced concern over call drops and directed the officials to resolve the problem urgently.
telecom operators have cited shutting down of mobile towers and radiation fears, as also lack of spectrum, as the major reasons for call drops.
the operators have said that about 7,000-10,000 sites have been locked or shut down across major cities and have sought a uniform national policy for installation of mobile towers.
speaking at the same event, telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) chairman r s sharma said a consultation paper on call drops will be issued in a fortnight wherein all stakeholders can give their comments.
regarding a disincentive mechanism for call drops, sharma said the regulator is looking at it and trai is also examining various tariff plans of the telecom operators.
government had asked trai to suggest disincentives for call drops and also examine the tariff plans of operators to ascertain whether they were incentivising call drops.
the industry has refuted the charge of deliberately promoting call drops.
a recent trai report found that most of the telecom operators in delhi and mumbai were not meeting the prescribed standards regarding call drops.
new delhi, july 29, 2015, dhns 0:20 istindia posts will release a series of postal stamps on well-known singers, writers, freedom-fighters and painters and also seek designs of philatelic stamps through crowd sourcing.
the decision was taken by the philatelic advisory committee which met under the chairmanship of communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday.
the panel also decided that ceremonial stamps issued so far may be made available in all post offices, and stamps with picture postcards may be released on important tourist destinations, including taj mahal, ajanta and ellora caves, belur math and khajuraho.
the minister suggested inviting designs of philatelic stamps through crowd sourcing, said a statement.
commemorative postage stamp on swach bharat, the theme of clean india, was released by department of posts on january 30 this year.
the design of the stamp was decided through an open competition.
a commemorative postage stamp on womens empowerment will be released on august 15.
its design has been decided by crowd sourcing.
campaigning for first phase polling in jharkhand endsranchi, nov 23, 2014, ians: 18:13 istcongress chief sonia gandhi addressed two election rallies in jharkhand sunday, the last day of campaigning for the first phase of polls in the state.
besides sonia gandhi, her son and party vice president rahul gandhi also addressed two rallies saturday.
polling will be held in the state in five phases.
in the first phase nov 25, voting will be held for 13 of the 81 seats.
prime minister narendra modi and several central ministers such as rajnath singh, ravishankarprasad prasad and piyush goyal held poll rallies.
bharatiya janata party's (bjp) national president amit shah had kicked off the party campaign.
congress's alliance partner rashtriya janata dal (rjd) also left no stone unturned as party chief lalu prasad addressed five public meetings.
the bjp and the congress are expected to battle it out in the first phase.
the ruling jharkhand mukti morcha (jmm) will also try to open its account.
at present, it holds no seat from these 13 constituencies.
around 33.
56 lakh voters will decide the fate of 199 candidates who are in the fray.
the constituencies are spread across six maoist-affected districts.
in the first phase, electors will vote at 3,939 polling booths.
the polling time is 7 a.
m.
to 3 p.
m.
among the prominent candidates are jharkhand rural development minister k.n. tripathi, congress's state president sukhdeo bhagat, and former minister and janata dal-united candidate sudha chowdhary.
bjp firm on apology from shindenew delhi, feb 19, 2013, dhns 1:47 istunion home minister sushilkumar shindes attempt to buy peace with agitated bjp on his saffron terror remark is stuck over the opposition partys insistence that the leader of lok sabha should explicitly use the word regret when issuing clarification in the budget session beginning from thursday.
recently, shinde had sent across a draft of a statement to leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj to show his willingness for burying sharp differences over his comments at the congress meet at jaipur early last month that the bjp and rss were organising terror camps.
the observation had led to an uproar and the bjp started public protests demanding that shinde be sacked and that he should tender a public apology.
party sources said that in the draft sent to sushma which was discussed among the top brass of the bjp leadership, he tried to apologise indirectly which is not acceptable to the opposition.
the bjp has sent back draft to shinde suggesting that he should use the word regret for making statement which was derogatory not only to the party but to the hindus and the nation as a whole, party sources said.
the comment was picked by pakistan based most wanted hafiz saeed to ridicule the country.
but, shinde is yet to reply to the bjp.
he had told reporters in the past that he and the congress party always believed that terrorism has no colour.
this has prompted the bjp to upped its ante against shinderesolving to target him during the budget session.
prior to that, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that party chief rajnath singh will lead a protest march on wednesday, expected to start from jantar mantar and try to reach shindes residence.
we will raise the issue in parliament.
shinde is the leader of lok sabha, does he think we are terrorists?
prasad said after the parliamentary party meeting.
our demand is very emphatic.
he has to apologise, he added.
shinde is also in a fix since he cannot give a complete clean chit, especially to sangh parivar as their associates are under the scanner of national investigation agency (nia).
apart from arresting associates who were linked to the rss.
the nia is also looking into suspected role of senior sangh functionary indresh kumar in terror activities.
the rss national executive members name figures in the chargesheet filed in ajmer blast case but he was not made an accused.
the bjp said it will take a call on to boycott shinde if he fails to give either a retraction or apology on his hindu terror remark which was also made previously by finance minister p chidambaram and congress leader digvijay singh.
new delhi, mar 11, 2017 (pti) 11:44 istbjp leaders today credited 'modi wave' for the party's stong showing in the high stakes uttar pradesh elections.
on the next chief minister in the state, they said the decision will be taken by the bjp parliamentary board and the legislature party in the state soon.
the results of the elections, which were fought under party chief amit shah, show that the bjp has been able to dispel the perception of being a party of upper castes only as now it commands the support of all sections of the society, including dalits, they said.
it is a modi wave.
the wave which started with 2014 lok sabha elections is continuing in 2017 and the momentum will go beyond the 2019 general elections, bjp uttar pradesh chief keshav prasad maurya said.
the credit goes to prime minister modi, his government's pro-poor policies and party chief amit shah's strategy.
people have fought the elections on our behalf in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand and results have vindicated their faith in us, party general secretary kailash vijaywargia said.
another bjp general secretary o p mathur, who is in- charge of party affairs in uttar pradesh, said the state has become modi-fied and so has the country.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said good governance and good delivery of promises has led to a bjp win.
the poor have given a decisive verdict that modi is our leader and is working for our welfare.
.
.
women, youth and even minorities have voted for us, he said.
union minister jitendra singh hailed modi, attributing the results in uttar pradesh particularly to credibility the prime minister enjoys across india.
the minister in the prime minister's office said the party's showing underscored the country is heading towards true democracy.
the most important contribution of modi phenomenon is that it has enabled voters to cast votes for development, going beyond castes, creeds, religions.
it has helped them get rid of feudal mindset, singh said.
another union minister sanjiv balyan said there was division on communal lines in up.
the election was fought on issues such as law and order, development.
the new generation understood the importance of bringing in the bjp, he said.
bjp mp from gorakhpur adityanath said the sp-congress alliance and the bsp have been totally rejected by the people in up.
people want development without bias.
they want security which the bjp can only provide, he said.
'hindu terrorism': bjp rakes up rahul's 2010 remarks to up the antenew delhi, aug 1, 2015 (pti) 18:29 istbjp today fired yet another salvo at congress over the issue of 'hindu terrorism' as it raked up reported comments of rahul gandhi in 2010 when he had said radicalised hindu groups might be bigger threat than the local support for terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba.
bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad hit back at congress after leader of the opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad said home minister rajnath singh was trying to polarise society and divert attention from the government's failures by raking up the issue of 'hindu terrorism'.
azad had asserted that his party needed no lesson on terrorism from bjp and cited the sacrifice of former prime ministers indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi, both of whom were killed by terrorists.
congress party has not learnt right lessons (from these sacrifices).
had it done so, its flip-flop on terrorism would not have been there, prasad said, citing use of terms saffron terror and hindu terrorism by former home ministers p chidambaram and sushil shinde, besides gandhi's reported assertions.
prasad quoted a news report to claim that gandhi in a 2010 conversation with the then us ambassador had said there was evidence of some support for laskar-e-taiba among certain elements in india's indigenous muslim community, the bigger threat may be the growth of radicalised hindu groups, which create religious tensions and political confrontations with the muslim community.
the report was based on documents released by wikileaks.
terrorism had no religion and colour and bjp never uses the term 'muslim terror' but 'jihadi terror', prasad said, asking congress president sonia gandhi to clarify on the her son's comments.
does she support his comments?
prasad asked.
what singh has said is right and congress should disown these comments, he said.
bjp, however, declined to comments on the controversial tweets of tripura governor tathagata roy stating that intelligence agencies should keep a tab on people who assembled for the last rites of yakub memon, executed in the mumbai blasts case, as many of them could be potential terrorists.
he (roy) is holder of a constitutional post.
the question should be directed to him.
he is no longer a party member, prasad told reporters when asked about the tweets.
he also distanced bjp from comments of party leaders like varun gandhi and shatrughan sinha, the former opposing death penalty and the latter signing a petition against memon's hanging, saying the party does not share their views.
naxalbari, press trust of india, may 3 2017, 19:41 istamit shah partaking of lunch during his visit to the family in his naxalbari visit.
photo credit: pti.
the bjp today accused the trinamool congress of abducting a tribal couple, who hosted its chief amit shah during his visit to west bengal last week, and forcing them to join its ranks, terming it a text book case of revenge politics.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad reminded west bengal chief minister and tmc chief mamata banrjee of her struggle during the left rule, claiming she cannot stop the march of democracy and people will support the saffron party despite its pressure and violence.
at a press conference in the bjp headquarters here, he wondered if the tmc's desperation was caused by the cbi's probe into saradha chit fund scam case and the narada bribary sting allegedly involving several of its mps.
the investigation will not stop.
it is based on evidence which is in the public domain.
bengal is seeing reckless violence and overpowering fear of the tmc, he said, adding the ruling party could not tolerate a tribal couple offering lunch to the bjp president.
the success of shah's visit has unnerved the tmc, he claimed.
prasad said the bjp workers and others whom shah met during his visit to bhawanipur, mamata's assembly constituency, are also under pressure.
such violence and fear prevailed in the state during the left rule and it is a tragedy that it remains so during the tmc rule as well, he said.
he also used the opportunity to accuse the mamata government of appeasing one section of the society, a reference to muslims, by the misuse of state power and noted that it stopped religious processions during 'ram navami' and 'hanuman jayanti'.
raju and geeta mahali, who had hosted shah on april 25, today joined the tmc in the presence of senior party leader and tourism minister gautam deb.
i was inspired by the developmental work of mamata banerjee and that is why we have joined the tmc.
nobody has forced us to join the party, geeta mahali later said.
prasad said the bjp was deeply sad and hurt over the development but was not least concerned.
such tactics by the tmc cannot stop the bjp's expansion, he said.
the judiciary has been in the news for quite some time now for some not-so-good reasons: the january revolt by four senior judges of the supreme court over the roster system against the chief justice of india dipak misra in january this year, followed by the move by the congress and other political parties to impeach the cji for misbehaviour, and law minister ravishankarprasad prasads six-page letter to him raising objections to the elevation of uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph to the highest court as judge.
justice josephs proposed appointment has been returned by the union law ministry to the sc collegium for reconsideration citing these reasons: one, he is junior to 41 high court judges, being at serial number 42 in the all-india seniority list of hc judges; second, 10 high courts have no representation in the sc; third, his parent high court in kerala is over-represented in the supreme court and high courts.
all these objections of the centre are unpersuasive and raise suspicion whether his appointment has been blocked for other reasons.
seniority alone is not the sole consideration for elevation of a judge to the sc.
there are quite a few instances of senior judges and chief justices being overlooked in favour of more deserving incumbents.
suffice it to say that sc judges ranjan gogoi, mohan shantanagoudar, s abdul nazeer, naveen sinha and deepak gupta were all chosen over their seniors.
when the lack of seniority didnt make any difference in their cases, how can it be cited as one of the main reasons for not elevating justice k m joseph to the sc.
at present, justice kurian joseph is a single sitting judge in the sc, who is due to retire in november.
if elevated after reconsideration, justice k m joseph will be a single judge in the sc from the kerala high court.
similarly, out of four high court judges from kerala, two will retire shortly and there will be only two judges left from that state.
hence the question of over-representation from kerala, either in the sc or in hcs, does not arise at all.
on the contrary, the high courts of allahabad, bombay and delhi are grossly over-represented in the sc, but this is not being talked about by the law minister for reasons best known to him.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad also wants scheduled caste and scheduled tribe representation, which the highest court of the land has missed for long.
nobody is averse to accommodating them in the highest echelon of judiciary, but that has nothing to do with justice k m josephs case.
at present, with the retirement of justice agarwal, there are seven vacancies in the sc, and justices jasti chelameswar and cji dipak misra are also due to retire within the next few months.
if the government is really interested in bringing in sc/st category judges, there is ample room for them.
there is hardly any escape, therefore, from the conclusion that uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph is being denied elevation to the sc on flimsy grounds.
the reason is altogether different and obvious.
it is believed that he has displeased the narendra modi government by ruling against the imposition of presidents rule in uttarakhand two years ago.
in may 2016, the sc collegium had recommended josephs transfer to the andhra pradesh and telangana high court on health grounds.
that, too, was stalled by the law ministry, presumably for the same reason.
even otherwise, the government and judiciary are on collision course.
as a result, 400 posts of judges are lying vacant in the countrys 24 high courts.
the process of filling them up has been deliberately and intentionally stalled by the government because it wants to have a greater say in judicial appointments and is not happy with the idea of judges appointing judges.
the allahabad high court, which has a sanctioned strength of 160, is 60 judges short.
lawyers of the calcutta high court have just ended a long-drawn strike after five judges were appointed, bringing the number to 37, compared to its full strength of 72.
the bjp has always been intensely critical of the way indira gandhi sought to pack the court in the 1970s.
it would be tragic if it emulated her and, in the process, struck a lethal blow to the judicial system and the rule of law.
pendency of casesthe judiciary-government stand-off over the memorandum of procedure (mop) is inordinately delaying judicial appointments in the superior courts.
inadequate manpower and poor infrastructure is leading to huge pendency of cases.
the victims in this situation are hapless litigants and poor undertrials whose cases drag on for years.
any attempt at securing justice is an ordeal and financially ruinous for many who knock on the doors of courts for justice and relief.
under such pressing circumstances, it should be the top priority of the government to resolve its differences with the judiciary as the two are vital pillars of democracy and share a common goal of dispensing speedy justice.
it is not prudent for them to be locked in an ugly confrontation like this.
whatever the selection process of judges in place, it should be honoured and speeded up to fill vacant positions in all courts as inadequate judge strength seriously hampers the judiciarys ability to deliver justice on time.
however, if the government cannot reconcile itself to the present collegium system of appointments, it should work to revive the njac model again in such a manner that it survives judicial scrutiny.
but, dragging its feet on much-needed appointments is hardly the way to deal with the problem of delivering speedy justice to millions while trying to find a solution to the specific question of how judges should be appointed.
new delhi, dh news service, apr 21 2017, 2:17 istthe central government may not have interfered in the cbis plea against l k advani and others in supreme court but the bjp defended them as they face criminal conspiracy charges in the babri mosque demolition case.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad defended party leaders like l k advani, murli manohar joshi, uma bharti and vinay katiyar, who will now have to face probe for being party to a criminal conspiracy to demolish the babri mosque on december 6, 1992.
kalyan singh, however, has got temporary relief owing to immunity he enjoys as rajasthan governor.
the party is sure of innocence of its leaders.
but, law will take its own course, said prasad, who was earlier lawyer of lord ram in the case.
hours after wednesday's sc verdict, union minister arun jaitley had ruled out resignation of his ministerial colleague uma bharti.
the saffron-clad minister herself was rather proud and unapologetic about her role in the ramjanambhoomi movement.
but advani and joshi refused to react to the apex court turning down their plea against cbi's stand for reviving criminal conspiracy charges against all the accused in the case.
late in the evening, joshi drove down to meet advani at the latter's residence to discuss the fallout of the court's order.
party sources said the cbi could not have changed its stand taken in 2011 before the rae bareli court for reviving conspiracy charges against all the accused.
now there will be joint trial in lucknow of karsevaks and the leaders.
even at the bjp's core group meeting with prime minister narendra modi on wednesday evening, there was broad consensus that the accused leaders should face trial and get acquitted, said party sources.
a general secretary of the bjp said the senior leaders can still seek legal remedy against sc's order, which allows the cbi to start probe to prove that the accused were part of a conspiracy hatched to bring down the disputed structure more than two decades ago.
bjp leader vinay katiyar, meanwhile, added fuel to fire by seemingly seconding rjd leader lalu yadav's statement that the sc verdict was part of modi's conspiracy to remove advani from the presidential race.
uma calls for consensusunion water resources minister uma bharti, who will now have to face criminal conspiracy probe in babri mosque demolition case, on thursday said there was no need for another ram temple movement as the issue of birth place of lord ram has been settled, dhns reports from new delhi.
the only matter that remains is to build a grand temple there, she said in an interview to a television channel.
special schemes to promote online paymentnew delhi, dec 25, 2016, dhns: 1:04 istin order to promote digital payment, the government will on sunday launch lucky grahak yojana and digi-dhan vyapar yojana in 100 cities.
the first draw of lucky grahak yojana to provide a cashback of rs 1,000 to 15,000 consumers every day for the next 100 days will be launched on december 25, 2016, in new delhi, read an official statement on saturday.
finance minister arun jaitley and minister of electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad will inaugurate the first draw of lots here.
winners will be selected on daily and weekly basis under lucky grahak yojana, while under digi-dhan vyapar yojana, they will be selected only on a weekly basis.
the mega draw will be held april 14, 2017.
with the goal of ensuring that easy and user-friendly methods of digital payments become a mass movement in india, the government had announced a slew of incentives to encourage the general public to move from cash to a digital platform, the statement read.
govt discontinues stamps of rajiv, indira gandhinew delhi, sep 15, 2015 (pti) 20:15 istgovernment has decided to discontinue stamps of former prime ministers, rajiv and indira gandhi, under the new definitive theme of postal stamps.
the nda government has replaced builders of modern india theme, which included stamps of indira and rajiv gandhi, with makers of india theme.
however, stamps of jawaharlal nehru, mahatma gandhi, b r ambedkar and mother teresa have been retained.
the new definitive theme, which means stamps for regular services, brings in host of eminent personalities like shyama prasad mukherjee, deen dayal upadhyay, netaji subhash chandra bose, sardar vallabhbhai patel, shivaji, maulana azad, bhagat singh, jayaprakash narayan, ram manohar lohia, vivekananda and maharana pratap.
earlier, commemorative stamps, which are limited in numbers, of most of these personalities were issued and some were also made available for regular use.
it is a routine process.
addition and subtraction of stamps is done based on the theme, an official spokesperson told pti.
earlier this month, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said that he has directed postal departments to make available stamps of prominent personalities for regular use across post offices in the country.
in our government, looking at country will not be a family.
ideology may be different but will honour everyone, prasad had said.
stamps of homi j bhabha, jrd tata, c v raman, satyajit ray have also been discontinued under the new theme.
the stamps of the new theme are under print and expected to be available across post offices within a month.
the stock of old theme is still available and will be there under it gets exhausted, a government official said.
stamps of bal gangadhar tilak, rajendra prasad, srinivasa ramanujan, rabindranath tagore, subramania bharati, bhimsen joshi, m s subbulakshmi and bismillah khan will also be made available for regular use.
patna, jun 17, 2015 (pti) 18:45 istit will be two muslim girls, who will impart yoga lessons to bjp president amit shah at the moinul haq stadium grounds here on june 21 on the occasion of the international yoga day.
rukhsana khatoon and bismillah khatoon will teach yoga to shah, other prominent persons including union ministers and those who will come to attend the camp on the occasion, bihar-jharkhand patanjali yogpeeth in-charge ajit kumar told pti.
the two teenaged girls hailing from lal saraiyan village in majhauliya block of west champaran district of bihar have been chosen to demonstrate 'yogasanas' and 'pranayam' as they were adept in them, he said.
both the girls are highly skilled in yoga, and have represented india at international competitions and camps including those in australia and south africa.
yoga doesn't differentiate between human beings on the basis of religion, he said.
apart from shah, several union ministers from bihar - communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, agriculture minister radha mohan singh, skill development and entrepreneurship minister rajiv pratap rudy, drinking water, sanitation minister ram kripal yadav and msme minister giriraj singh - are expected to attend the yoga camp to be organised by patanjali yogpeeth, an organisation started by yoga guru baba ramdev.
shah, who was advised by bihar chief minister nitish kumar to practise yoga, and the other vvips at the camp will be taught a special exercise module consisting of simple yoga postures like 'bhadrasana', 'tadasana', 'bakasana' and 'shavasana'.
they will also be imparted lessons in 'nadishodhan', 'kapalbhati' and 'bhramari' varieties of 'pranayam', he said, adding, this module is a simple one meant for beginners but has a great curative and calming effect.
he said the camp will start at 6 am but its most important part will be from 7 am to 7:33 am, the 33 minute-period mandated by the un as the time when yoga will be practised across the globe.
the dignitaries will be present at the function during this time.
nehru yuva kendra, art of living and a few other institutions are helping organise the event here.
kumar said over 20,000 persons are expected attend the camp, of which around 8,000 will do so on the stadium ground, while the rest will practise at the stands.
govt upgrades 29 cities, towns for hra, transport allowancenew delhi, may 30, 2015 (pti): 15:30 istthe union cabinet today approved upgradation of 29 cities and towns on the basis of 2011 population census for providing higher house and transportation allowance to central government employees.
the revised classification of cities would be effective from april 1, 2014 and cost the exchequer approximately rs 128 crore for 2014-15.
the cabinet has approved reclassification/upgradation of certain cities/towns on the basis of census 2011 for the purpose of granting house rent allowance (hra) and transport allowance to central government employees, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
one the basis of the census, 2 cities - pune and ahmedabad - have been upgraded to 'x' class from 'y' and 21 cities to 'y' from 'z' for the purpose of hra, an official statement read.
these 21 cities are nellore, gurgaon, bokaro steel city, gulbarga, thrissur, malappuram, kannur, kollam, ujjain, vasai-virar city, malegaon, nanded-waghala, sangli, rourkela, ajmer, erode, noida, firozabad, jhansi, siliguri and durgapur.
that apart, six - patna, kochi, indore, coimbatore and ghaziabad - have been advanced to 'specified higher class' from 'other places' for the purpose of transport allowance, the statement said.
so far, the census 2001 has been used for deciding the hra and transport allowance of central government officials posted in these towns and cities.
the existing qualifying threshold of population for hra classification is 50 lakh and above for x, 5-50 lakh for y and below 5 lakh for z class cities.
transportation allowance is payable at 'higher rates' in 13 specified cities classified earlier as 'a-1' and 'a' (those with a population of 20 lakh and above) and 'lower rates' for the rest.
the cities and towns are classified as x, y and z for the purpose of hra and 13 specified cities classified as a-1, a and other places for transportation allowance.
after legal notice, irani dares rahul to send her behind barsamethi, sep 20, 2015, (pti) 18:02 istunion minister smriti irani today dared rahul gandhi to send her to jail, a day after the congress served a legal notice on her over her land grab allegations against the rajiv gandhi trust, and vowed to speak for the people of amethi.
irani, who lost to rahul in his home turf here in the 2014 lok sabha elections, said some persons get disturbed by her visits here and asserted that she would not be cowed down by any legal notices.
some persons get disturbed with my amethi visits, said the hrd minister, in an apparent reference to the congress vice president.
if congress or rahul gandhi consider the women of this country 'abla' (weak), they should forget it.
i am not the one to get afraid with this and will continue to raise amethi's voice.
if rahul or congress have the courage then let them put me behind the bars.
i will not remain silent.
my relationship with amethi is not that of elections, the bjp leader said addressing a gathering after distributing saplings at shivdulari mahila mahavidyalaya at gungvaj village here.
the uttar pradesh unit of congress served the legal notice to her in delhi for alleging that the rajiv gandhi charitable trust had grabbed land of farmers in amethi, terming it as false and malicious.
asking the union minister to cease and desist from making any such imputations against the party, congress said it will have no option but to pursue appropriate legal remedies, both civil and criminal, if she failed to do so.
yesterday, an advocate came to my delhi residence when i was busy in a meeting.
he has given a notice that he will take legal action against me if i make any comment against rahul gandhi or the nehru-gandhi family in amethi, irani said.
a few banners were put up at the programme site against rahul, the amethi mp, but they were removed soon.
meanwhile, soon after irani concluded her speech, around 150 siksha mitras(contractual teachers) sitting in the gathering started raising slogans.
the minister assured from the dais that she had requested the state government to provide details related to siksha mitras to the centre.
once the details are received, the centre would take appropriate step, she said.
till the state government sends the report, we are not in a position to do anything on this issue.
i can only say that i will try my level best to protect the interests of siksha mitras, she said.
however, even after the assurance, the siksha mitras gheraoed the minister when she came down from the dais.
around 1.
72 lakh siksha mitras in uttar pradesh have been agitating since their job regularisation was quashed by the high court.
meanwhile, union minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said the samrat cycle issue is shrouded in mystery and asserted that the reply to notice will further expose congress' weaknesses.
smriti ji is capable of responding to the notice.
due reply will be given to the notice.
it will further expose their (congress') weaknesses, he said when asked, during a press conference at bjp headquarters, to comment on the notice.
new delhi, mar 7, 2017 (pti) 16:07 istthe indian government has conveyed its concerns at a 'very senior level' in the us administration on the move to curb h-1b visa processing, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said.
i think our concerns at a very senior level has already been conveyed to the government of usa.
i would not like to get into the details except that indian it companies are giving good value addition to us companies, prasad told reporters on the sidelines of icegov conference in response to a question on recent developments.
the us had last week said it will be temporarily suspending premium processing of h-1b visas from april 3, eliminating the option of shorter waiting period for the programme that helps highly skilled foreigners work at american firms.
under the current system, companies submitting applications for h-1b visas for potential employees can pay an additional sum for expedited service, which is known as premium processing.
the temporary suspension could last up to six months, according to the us citizenship and immigration services (uscis).
h-1b visas are widely used by indian it majors.
premium processing costs an additional usd 1,225 and ensures a response from the uscis within 15 days or the fee is refunded.
processing of standard h-1b applications takes between 3 and 6 months.
prasad said that the indian it companies are servicing more than 75 per cent of fortune 500 companies.
they are making them more competitive and giving them extraordinary value addition.
i am given to understand that they have paid around usd 20 billion tax revenue in last 5 years.
they have created 4,00,000 jobs, not only in america but other parts of the world.
indian it companies and it professionals are giving lot of opening to american companies in india, prasad said.
he also said that the whole it movement in the world is based on sharing and reciprocity.
on recent reports of misuse of aadhaar data, prasad said that the unique id is completely safe and secure and that some people were trying to play mischief in a sponsored manner against whom police have taken action.
oppn targets govt in ls on 'call drops'new delhi, feb 24, 2016, pti: 14:16 ista combined opposition today targeted the government on the issue of call drops saying the problem continued unabated despite efforts, as the government maintained that stringent measures have been put in place to check the problem at the earliest.
responding to a volley of questions in the lok sabha, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said nearly 65,000 bts (base transceiver stations) have been set up across country, including delhi, in four months time.
he said during question hour that telecom regulator trai has also proposed punitive provisions which have been challenged in the courts.
responding to a question on poor 3g services in parliament house complex, he said while extending facilities in and around the complex, the heritage nature of the main building has to be kept in mind, along with security considerations.
speaker sumitra mahajan told the minister that he was free not to answer questions on the subject as the main question was regarding 4g services.
responding to posers on the state of bsnl and mtnl, prasad said a debate should be held in the house on how the two state-owned operators became loss-making entities under the the previous upa government.
he said things are changing now and the two companies are on the verge of a turnaround.
prasad also said by march 2016, wi-fi facility will be provided at 2,500 spots in the country.
sugata bose (tmc) said his official residence here has been provided with a new internet connection which lacks security.
when he raised the issue of an unsecure connection with mtnl, he was told that an ahmedabad-based company, sangvi, has been sub-contracted to provide net facilities.
he claimed the company lacked credentials.
prasad promised to look into the matter.
people will vote against corruption and inflation: kejriwalnew delhi, feb 7, 2015, (pti) 11:56 istas delhi votes for a new government, aap chief arvind kejriwal today exuded confidence of getting a clear mandate for his party and said truth will triumph.
i am confident that aap will win the elections and form government in delhi, he told pti after casting his vote at b k dutt colony.
kejriwal is seeking re-election from the prestigious new delhi constituency where he had handed down a crushing defeat to then chief minister sheila dikshit by a whopping 22,000 votes.
i am confident that truth will win, people will win.
and the people will vote this time to get rid of corruption and inflation, kejriwal saidbjp's nupur sharma and congress' former delhi minister kiran walia are the other main contenders in the new delhi seat.
appealing to people to come out and vote, kejriwal said, it is important to vote.
everyone should remember god and cast their votes.
earlier, kejriwal in a tweet said, take a bath and head out to vote with a prayer.
you will definitely win.
after casting his vote, the aap chief posed for pictures with the polling staff and some of them even took selfies with him.
as media personnel jostled each other outside the polling booth, kejriwal was escorted out of the booth from a back door.
the bjp, which is out of power in delhi for the last 16 years, made a strong bid to win the polls as the party fielded around 120 mps and scores of union ministers including arun jaitley, rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, ravishankarprasad prasad, uma bharti, dharmendra pradhan, m venkaiah naidu for campaigning.
prime minister narendra modi, in his four rallies, mainly targeted aap while appealing to people to give him an opportunity to make delhi reach new heights in development.
the aap, which has mainly confined its campaign to door-to-door approach and corner meetings, is seen a major force with number of opinion polls giving a clear mandate to the party.
govt not to remove 'secular', 'socialist' words from constitutionnew delhi, feb 25, 2015, (pti) 14:48 istopposition today raised a hue and cry over a union minister's call for a debate on the words 'secular and socialist' in the preamble of the constitution but government ruled out any proposal to remove these words.
raising the issue during zero hour, jyotiraditya scindia also sought to raise the controversial remarks about mother teresa by rss mohan bhagwat but was dissallowed by speaker sumitra mahajan.
scindia was supported by several opposition members.
ravi shankar prasad (minister) recently sought a debate on the preamble.
shiv sena also supported him.
supreme court had said several times that these (words) are an inviolable part of the constitution, he said, adding that this coupled with events like 'ghar wapsi' shows the true face of the modi government.
scindia noted that prime minister narendra modi had recently said the only scripture for the government is the constitution and us president barrack obama had also spoken about the need for religious tolerance.
we condemn what the minister has said and we seek clarification from the government, he said.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu, however, said the government has nothing to do with these statements concerning the preamble of the constitution.
there is no proposal from the government.
there is no question of any change to what has been brought about in 1976.
referring to republic day advertisements which carried the original preamble that did not have these two words, the minister said one should not come to any conclusion from them.
when opposition members insisted on raising the matter concerning mother teresa, the speaker staunchly dissallowed it.
there is no one from the institution to respond.
.
.
i also have some authority.
i am not allowing it, she observed, apparently not happy with the attempt of mallikarjun kharge of congress to raise the issue again.
modi reaches bengaluru for bjp national executive meetbengaluru, april 2, 2015, (ians) 18:12 istprime minister narendra modi arrived here on thursday on a three-day visit to attend the bjp's national executive meeting, which got underway at a hotel in the city earlier in the day.
karnataka governor vajubhai vala, chief minister siddaramaiah, bharatiya janata party's national vice president b.s. yeddyurappa and state unit president prahlad joshi received modi after he landed at the hal airport.
as hundreds of bjp cadres and supporters waited in the hot sun outside the airport to greet the prime minister, modi suddenly alighted from the car and walked up to them, waving and smiling at them.
we are humbled by modi's gesture to get down from his car and greet us in person.
he is our party's true leader and connects well with the workers, an elated party worker told ians.
amid tight security, modi drove to raj bhavan in a convoy, which was escorted by a fleet of police and vip vehicles that blocked vehicular traffic on the 8-km route.
after resting for some time, modi will drive to the lalit ashok hotel, two km from raj bhavan, to address party members in the evening.
on friday, modi will participate in the inaugural meeting of the party's national executive at the same venue and later address a public meeting at the national college grounds.
modi will also attend the second day's executive meeting on saturday and address party members in the afternoon before lunch and leave for delhi later, a party official told ians.
though the national executive meeting is the first after the bjp came to power at the centre in may 2014, it is the fourth time the meet is being held here after the first in 1993, second 1999 and the third 2008, when the party was in power in the southern state for five years.
modi will also interact with the bjp's members in parliament and state legislatures on the margins of the meet and collect feedback from them on the people's perception of the 10-month-old nda government at the centre, the official said.
keeping in view modi's penchant for his pet project swachch bharat abhiyan (or clean india mission), the cash-starved bruhat bengaluru mahanagara palike (bbmp) swung into action and spruced up some of the thoroughfares, roads and footpaths modi will pass through during his stay in the city till saturday afternoon.
in view of the presence of senior party leaders l.k. advani and murli manohar joshi, party president amit shah, union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, m. venkaiah nadu, ravishankarprasad prasad and rajiv pratap rudy, security has been tightened in the city, especially around the venues where modi will visit.
aap, bjp trade barbsnew delhi, dec 15, 2015, dhns: 2:01 istthe aam aadmi party (aap) and the bjp exchanged barbs over the cbi raids in the chief ministers office (cmo) at the delhi secretariat on tuesday.
the bjp sought an apology from the aap for using unparliamentary language against prime minister narendra modi but the aap said the bjp-led centre should apologise for its acts first.
the aap said the raid was the first step by modi towards dislodging the arvind kejriwal government.
when modi couldnt handle me politically, he resorts to this cowardice, tweeted chief minister arvind kejriwal.
modi is a coward and a psychopath, kejriwal further tweeted.
minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said that kejriwal should apologise for blaming the centre for the raid.
deputy chief minister manish sisodia said: if centre will apologise fir its acts we will apologise for our language.
leader of the opposition in the delhi assembly vijender gupta said the chief minister is making an issue out of nothing.
he (kejriwal) should cooperate in the fight against corruption.
the cbi officials are doing their job and the aap government should support them, gupta said.
dmk wavers on fdi in retailchennai/ new delhi, nov 14, 2012, dhns: 1:49 istthe dmk, a key congress ally, is all set to kick-start back-channel talks to gauge the mood of other major political parties in parliament in the coming winter session before finalising its floor strategy on the contentious issue of allowing foreign direct investment (fdi) in multi-brand retail.
also the bjp-headed nda and the cpi-m on wednesday renewed their stand of opposing the multi-brand retail sector for foreign investments.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerji had also earlier stated that her party will bring in no confidence motion against the government on the fdi issue.
though the dmk is firmly opposed to the policy and feels it should not be allowed to go through as it threatens to deeply hurt the majority of small and medium traders, party mps feel that the floor strategy in parliament could be fine-tuned only after knowing the mind of other parties.
dmk patriarch m karunanidhi told reporters here on wednesday that the party while ensuring that the interests of small traders does not suffer at any cost, would still need to discuss with its (dmk) parliamentary party members before taking a final call.
karunanidhis first remarks to media on wednesday prompted a reporter to say it smacked of suspense.
i have written scripts for over 100 films; only a film with suspense does well at the box-office, karunanidhi quipped.
but to a related query, he discounted the suspense part, affirming that the small traders interest was the dmks utmost concern.
a senior party functionary and dmk mp, who did not wish to be quoted, told deccan herald that we have to consider certain things, vis--vis motions proposed to be brought before parliament against fdi in multi-brand retail.
the doubts relate to major opposition parties, which may oppose the policy but still choose to refrain from voting, to avert a greater crisis for the central government.
in that case, the dmks options get all the more harder, he noted.
the congress is puttinga brave front with two up regional parties, the sp and the bsp, in their kitty.
the bjp will hold a meeting of the nda partners to work out a strategy a day before parliament session starts on november 22.
the entire session of parliament was virtually washed out owing to bjps stiff stand on seeking prime ministers resignation for his alleged involvement in coalgate scam.
we would like to put the government on the mat on this issue.
in november 2011, the then finance minister had announced in the lok sabha that a decision on fdi in multi-brand retail will be taken only after consulting all concerned sections.
a similar statement was made by the then commerce minister in the rajya sabha, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters.
though the bjp accused the upa of violating the promise given in parliament, it did not commit whether the party will move a no confidence motion against the government as the nda will have to assess the numbers and seek support of other parties before taking the decisive step.
the cpi(m) on wednesday swung into action and submitted notices in both the houses seeking a discussion on the fdi issue under rules entailing voting.
in both the houses, the cpi(m) members have given the notices and we wish to take this up for a proper discussion under rules which will entail voting, senior cpi(m) leader sitaram yechury informed the reporters.
yechury has signed the notice sent to the rajya sabha, while his colleague basudev acharia did that in the lok sabha.
three leaders of the bjp and one each from the jd(u) and the tmc have also tabled notices separately .
defiant sharad yadav ready for debate on women's complexionnew delhi, march 16, 2015, (ians) 18:20 istjd-u chief sharad yadav on monday said his comments on women's complexion were misinterpreted and refused to apologise, stating that he was ready for a debate on the topic.
the janata dal-united (jd-u) leader had got away lightly when he made the comments last week, as several members laughed them over.
he, however, faced the heat on monday over his remarks as human resource development minister smriti irani said he did not need to comment on women's complexion at all.
yadav, during the debate on the insurance bill in the rajya sabha last week, spoke on india's obsession for fair skin, and said: your god is dark like ravishankarprasad prasad, but your matrimonial ads insist on white-skinned brides.
referring to complexion of south indian women, he said: the women of the south are dark but they are as beautiful as their bodies.
.
.
we don't see it here.
they know (how to) dance.
after much uproar over yadav's comments across the country, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said: comments were made on south indian women, i was also mentioned, i remained quiet.
i want to keep myself away from that comment.
i completely disagree with the comment.
ask the member to withdraw the comment, he urged the chair.
trying to clarify, yadav said his comments were misinterpreted.
there are more dusky women in india and in the world.
.
.
i can discuss the issue with anyone, we are in favour of indian culture.
irani, responding sharply, said the member should not comment on the complexion of women in any way.
i appeal through you (chair) to the gentleman, do not make comments about the colour of any woman's skin.
you (yadav) are a senior member, a very wrong message is going to the rest of the country, she said.
yadav responded by saying: i strongly refute the allegation.
from (mahatma) gandhi to (ram manohar) lohia, i have all the record of what has been said about women.
a lot of struggle has been done for women with dark complexion, he said, to which irani responded by saying: please don't do this.
naming lohia and gandhi and commenting on women.
dmk leader kanimozhi too joined irani in her protest against yadav.
women from all parties are together, we demand a regret on it, she said.
deputy chairman p.j. kurien said he would not allow a discussion on the issue.
white complexion or dark complexion, it is all the same, i am not allowing a discussion on this, kurien said.
leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said the issue should not be discussed as it will get more complicated.
yadav, however, said he was ready to participate in a discussion.
there has been a long struggle against discrimination based on colour.
.
.
i am ready to participate in a debate any time, said yadav.
govt says crew, passengers' safety vital, unruly behaviour unacceptablenew delhi, march 25, 2017, dhns 1:07 istthe statement came after the assault on an airline manager by a shiv sena mp snowballed into a controversy.
image for representation.
the government on friday said the safety of fliers and cabin crew is a top priority and unruly behaviour will not be tolerated.
the statement came after the assault on an airline manager by a shiv sena mp snowballed into a controversy.
civil aviation minister ashok gajapathi raju said law will take its course and one has to ensure that such regrettable incidents are never repeated.
it was an unfortunate incident.
it should never have happened.
what has to happen (now), will happen.
i am not saying no action has to be taken.
action has to be taken and we will do it.
that is not the problem at all.
i am also an mp.
we are not above the law and we have to follow the law of the land, he told reporters outside the parliament house.
raju said his ministry is also working on creating institutional mechanisms to check undesirable flight behaviour and unruly passengers.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said people expect dignified conduct from mps.
minister of state for civil aviation jayant sinha said unruly passengers will be dealt with.
after all, when you are flying at 30,000 feet, you are in a very fragile environment.
under those circumstances, it is very important to ensure that the behaviour by all parties is appropriate.
we take all such situations very seriously.
every such incident is investigated and then the law takes its own course, he said.
airlines supported a no-fly list to bar unruly fliers who are a safety hazard for not just the crew but also the passengers.
spicejet said the government needs to act on the list soon.
an attack on our employees and crew is an attack on us and we strongly condemn such incidents, the airline said in a statement.
indigo president aditya ghosh said his airline would support a no-fly list, pti reported.
vistara spokesperson said disruptive and abusive behaviour by passengers is a serious issue and cannot be tolerated, both for safety and security reasons in a critical and sensitive industry such as aviation, as well for the safety and well-being of staff and passengers.
we also fully support the promulgation of a no fly-list and concur with the federation of indian airlines and air india in seeking the support of the government and security agencies to enforce such a directive, whereby passengers on the no-fly list will not be permitted to fly on any of the airlines, the spokesperson said.
new delhi/lucknow/patna, oct 14, 2016 (pti) 20:06 istthe row over the law panel's decision to seek public opinion on the uniform civil code intensified today with the government accusing the all india muslim personal law board of 'politicking' on the issue even as congress and samajwadi party said it should not be imposed.
a day after the aimplb and some other muslim outfits announced their decision to boycott the process initiated by the law commission, union minister m venkaiah naidu insisted on a distinction to be made between the uniform civil code and 'triple talaq', where the core issue was gender justice and ending discrimination against women.
naidu, however, said a uniform civil code (ucc) was in consonance with the provisions of the constitution, but made it clear that it would not be forced on people.
you (all india muslim personal law board) join the debate.
let there be enlightened debate you put forth your point of view.
let a consensus be evolved.
why are you trying to bring in the name of prime minister and call him dictator, naidu told reporters in delhi.
the government's sharp reaction came after aimplb and various other muslim organisations said the move amounted to the modi government declaring a war on their religious rights and that ucc will kill india's pluralism.
a combative naidu went on to say, if you are so interested in making political comments you can as well join any political party of your choice.
this is not expected from muslim personal law board and other religious leaders.
you have to confine yourself to the issue and the issue is put forth for discussion by the law commission, he said.
amid the raging row over the twin contentious issues, congress said the matter of 'triple talaq' sould be left to the supreme court to decide, but expressed itself against imposition of a uniform civil code.
ucc should not be imposed and all stakeholders need to be taken into confidence, its spokesperson shobha oza said.
she said congress has always been in favour for empowerment of women.
samajwadi party supremo mulayam singh yadav said the issue should be left to religious leaders.
i will not say much on this issue but there should not be dispute on it.
the issue of uniform civil code should be left to religious leaders.
on the issues of country and humanity everyone should be united, yadav told reporters in lucknow.
on the issue of 'triple talaq', a matter which is being adjudicated upon by the supreme court, naidu said, the real mood of the country is that people want this triple talaq to end.
people do not want any discrimination on basis of any religious faith agianst women.
as i told you the issues are gender justice, non-discrimination and dignity of women.
naidu said the law commission wants a thorough discussion on ucc and if the aimplb does not want to participate in the debate, it was their choice.
if you don't want to react, do not want to respond, it is your choice but you do not pose yourself as you are the champion and other's views have no relevance.
do not try to convert this into a political debate, he said.
about the issue of triple talaq, he said the law commission wanted the views of all stakeholders.
they wanted this issue to be debated, discussed and all the religious leaders, social workers, prominent public personalities need to acknowledge the basic principle of equality of all human beings -- men or women and work in that direction, he said.
naidu said uniform civil code is enshrined in article 44 of the directive principles of the constitution and not brought in by nda government or prime minister narendra modi.
there is nothing wrong in discussing about it (ucc) and nothing is going to be forced on people.
if something is done, then it will on the basis of consensus and agreement within the community, he said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad defended the centre's stand on 'triple talaq', saying when over a dozen islamic countries were regulating the practice by enacting laws, how could it be considered wrong for a secular country like india.
over a dozen islamic countries such as pakistan, tunisia, morocco, iran and egypt have regulated triple talaq.
if islamic countries can regulate the practice by enacting law, and it has not been found against sharia, then how can it be wrong in india, which is a secular country?
prasad told a news conference in patna.
the minister, however, refused to comment on the issue of uniform civil code.
the law commission is considering it and has sought views of various sections of the society.
since it is under their consideration, i have nothing to say, he maintained.
for the first time in india's constitutional history, the centre had on october 7 opposed in the supreme court the practice of triple talaq, 'nikah halala' and polygamy among muslims and favoured a relook on grounds of gender equality and secularism.
the law ministry, in its affidavit, referred to constitutional principles like gender equality, secularism, international covenants, religious practices and marital law prevalent in various islamic countries to drive home the point that the practice of triple talaq and polygamy needed to be adjudicated upon afresh by the apex court.
proposal on compensating users for call drops by oct 15: trainew delhi, oct 1, 2015 (pti) 15:29 istsectoral regulator trai will come out with recommendations on compensating consumers for call drops by october 15 while it will also release a service paper in the next few days listing reasons behind the menace.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) today conducted an open house discussion on the issue wherein all the stakeholders including mobile operators and consumer groups expressed their views.
we will come out with recommendations on compensation to the consumers for call drops by october 15.
the stakeholders can submit their written submission on the issue deliberated today by october 5, trai chairman r s sharma said here.
he further said the regulator will also come out with a quality of service paper in the next few days which will identify the reasons responsible for call drops.
we will present the ground situation on call drops in data terms, sharma added.
the move will help customers to determine, which player is providing better services in an area that will help them in choosing an operator.
trai will also publish the results of the drive tests conducted by it on september 28-29 in delhi and mumbai in a few days.
apart from the two metros, trai has also conducted drive tests in five other cities including ahmadabad and pune recently.
it is also considering making it mandatory for telecom operators to disclose their network capacities periodically, as the regulator feels that call drop problem needs to be examined in entirety.
the operators are though opposing any move for compensation on call drops while the consumers are strongly backing it.
the operators said there are many things which are responsible for call drops and not all are under their control.
they also said the cost to set up a mechanism for tracking call drops will be huge.
bharti airtel said during the open house that as per the licence conditions, operators are required to provide street level coverage and not inside buildings.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad had yesterday said that call drop problem was improving across the country.
the minister said operators have contained the problem and nearly half of the defective mobile sites have been fixed to address the menace.
the call drop problem has become acute in the last four-five months and even prime minister narendra modi has voiced serious concern over the issue.
the government recently stepped up pressure on operators to check call drops asking their promoters including anil ambani, kumar mangalam birla and sunil mittal to directly intervene in the matter.
it had also warned that the companies would face penal action if they fail to take corrective actions.
rs adjourned till noon following oppn-bjp spatnew delhi, jul 24, 2015, pti: 12:17 istheated exchanges between treasury benches and the congress today forced adjournment of the rajya sabha till noon as the opposition stuck to its demand for the resignation of external affairs minister sushma swaraj and rajasthan chief minister vasundhra raje for allegedly supporting controversial ipl head lalit modi.
the bjp and congress members clashed after leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad blamed the ruling party for being a stumbling block in the functioning of parliament.
as the treasury benches led by union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and piyush goyal protested and blamed opposition for the stalemate, congress members too angrily reacted by moving into aisles and shouting slogans.
sensing trouble, deputy chairman p j kurien adjourned the house till 1200 hours.
earlier, soon after papers were laid on the table, pramod tiwari (cong) rose to say he had given notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of business to discuss alleged corruption in rajasthan and swaraj for allegedly trying to help fugitive modi.
he sought to know if the government has decided that both the leaders, who are in the dock, will resign, provoking the ruling party members who attacked tiwari and demanded that a discussion be immediately taken up.
sharad yadav (jd-u) said it was unprecedented that the ruling party today sat on a dharna.
ruling party world over have not sat on dharna .
.
.
who are they asking (for help)?
is it the almighty, he said mockingly.
all through, the ruling side continued to shout back at the opposition leaders, prompting kurien to remark why is treasury benches creating problem?
following this, azad said it is the ruling party which has become stumbling block (in funtioning of house).
bjp members protested this remark and were promptly countered by the opposition members.
amidst the ruckus, kurien adjourned the house.
rs adjourned twice after uproarnew delhi, sept 4, 2013, (pti): 12:11 istrajya sabha was adjourned twice during pre-noon sitting today following uproar over demand for gujarat chief minister narendra modi's resignation, missing coal block allocation files and demand by sp and bsp for reservation in promotions in government jobs.
as soon as the house met for the day, some congress members were on their feet displaying banners that read chief minister gujarat must resign in the wake of charges levelled by suspended ips officer d g vanzara.
vanjara, who resigned from the ips, has accused narendra modi government of having failed to protect the jailed police officers who fought against pakistan inspired terrorism.
to counter the congress members, bjp mps led by ravishankarprasad prasad raised the issue of cbi investigating officer reportedly wanting to question prime minister manmohan singh over the missing files relating to coal block allotments done when he also held the charge of coal ministry.
sp members raised the issue of giving reservation in promotions in government jobs.
bsp members too shouted slogans but nothing could be heard in the din.
chairman hamid ansari asked members to take their seats and called for laying of papers.
no banners please, he said.
tdp members raised banners against division of andhra pradesh.
with members in no mood to relent, ansari adjourned the house for 15 minutes.
when the house reassembled, sp members trooped into the well shouting slogans for reservation in promotions.
bsp members too joined them in slogan shouting.
adding to the din, bjp members raised the issue of missing coal files.
deputy chairman p j kurein, who was in the chair, then adjourned the house till noon.
21 new faces join team modinew delhi, nov 10, 2014, dhns: 2:49 istrejig: parrikar gets defence, prabhu railways and rajyavardhan rathore i&bprime minister narendra modi on sunday night effected major changes in his council of ministers that saw the induction of 21 new faces, including four cabinet ministers and reshuffle of key portfolios.
among them, former goa chief minister manohar parrikar was given defence portfolio and former shiv sena leader suresh prabhu became the new railway minister in place of d v sadananda gowda who was shifted to law and justice portfolio.
finance minister arun jaitley who was freed of the defence portfolio to focus on the budget and reforms to revive the economy, was also given charge of the information and broadcasting.
prakash javadekar, who was earlier handling the i&b ministry also, will be in charge of only the environment ministry.
the shifting of gowda for prabhu to take charge of the railways was seen as a move to bring greater energy and dynamism into the proposed reforms in the sector for massive infrastructure growth.
gowdas cabinet colleague ravishankarprasad prasad, who was handling law and justice earlier, will now concentrate on telecom sector, which is modi's priority.
till date, prasad was handling the law portfolio, for which jaitley was also consulted often.
another cabinet entrant, birendra singh, ex-general secretary of congress, was entrusted with rural development, which was held as additional charge by transport minister nitin gadkari since the death of gopinath munde in may.
singh was also given charge of water and sanitation.
bjp general secretary j p nadda, who also made it to the cabinet, was given health portfolio, in place of dr harsh vardhan who was given science and technology.
among the new ministers of state (independent charge), rajiv pratap rudy was appointed minister of state (mos) for skill development and entrepreneurship and parliamentary affairs.
the lone minister from telangana, bandaru dattatreya, got the charge of labour and employment while uttar pradeshs bharatiya janata party (bjp) mp mahesh sharma got charge of culture and tourism, besides as mos civil aviation.
another new ministers of state mukhtar abbas naqvi was handed the portfolio of minority affairs as well as parliamentary affairs, while ram kirpal yadav, one-time aide of rashtriya janata dal leader lalu prasad, was appointed mos drinking water and sanitation.
the portfolios of the new ministers were announced late in the night indicating that modi was still fine-tuning the allocation of work for optimum performance of his team.
in what was his first expansion of his government, modi took on board several dalit and backward class leaders to expand social representation in his government, eyeing assembly elections in bihar, west bengal and up in the next one to three years.
however, the sena struck a strong discordant note, refusing the bjp offer of just a minister of state post, taking their ties to the edge of the precipice due to the stalemate over sharing of portfolios in the new government in maharashtra.
a couple of hours before the swearing-in ceremony, sena chief uddhav thackeray recalled party mp anil desai after he had landed in delhi to reach rashtrapati bhavan, stating he was miffed at his being given an mos berth.
the bjp ignored his demand that modi speak to him.
rashtrapati bhavan, in a statement later, said anil desai could not be administered the oath of office and secrecy as he was not available for the purpose.
adding to the strained bjp-sena ties, prabhu, who was power minister in the vajpayee government, joined the bjp on sunday morning to take oath as a cabinet minister.
an upset thackeray announced that his party was even ready to sit in the opposition in maharashtra if the bjp counted on the support of the nationalist congress party to sustain the devendra fadnavis government.
but he stopped short of pulling out anant geete, the lone sena minister in modi's cabinet.
in all, four cabinet ministers, three ministers of state with independent charges were inducted.
fourteen mos were also included.
the strength of modis cabinet, which modi had wanted to be kept in minimum with the focus on maximum governance, increased to 66 on sunday.
significantly, modi showed that he widened his search for fresh ministerial talent, by inducting olympic silver medallist rajyavardhan rathore and bollywood singer babul supriyo, both first time mps.
bjp's vijay sampla, a dalit mp from punjab who began life as a plumber, and ys chowdary of the telugu desam party, whose declared wealth is worth rs 190 crore, were also made ministers of state.
modi also chose jayant sinha, son of former finance minister yashwant sinha .
jayant, who has studied at iit-delhi and at harvard in the us, was made mos for finance.
bihar, which goes to the polls next year, got three new minsters.
apart from rudy, there was ram kirpal yadav, who is key to the bjps plan for wooing yadav votes.
bjp's bhumihar face giriraj singh, who made controversial comments earlier this year, was also made an mos with the charge of medium and small scale industries.
with four new ministers , the number of nominees from up where the bjp won 73 of the 80 lok sabha seats reached 13.
they included modi himself, who represents varanasi, rajnath singh, uma bharti and kalraj mishra.
bihar's representation increased to eight, with the inclusion of three ministers.
it has the second highest representation after uttar pradesh.
the bjp-led national democratic alliance had won 31 of the 40 lok sabha seats in the state.
six ministers were inducted in may from maharashtra, including gopinath munde, nitin gadkari, anant geete (shiv sena), prakash javadekar, piyush goel and rao saheb danve.
munde died in a road accident here in june.
with the induction of suresh prabhu and hansraj ahir, maharashtra's strength in the cabinet went up to seven.
modi did not ignore gujarat whose number went up to five.
he inducted haribhai parthibhai chaudhury and mohanbhai kalyanjibhai kundariya as ministers of state.
taking into account the complaint that rajasthan, which had given 25 mps to the bjp, was not represented adequately, modi chose rajyavardhan singh rathore and sanwar lal jat.
west bengal got a representative with the inclusion of babul supriyo into the ministry.
mr clean:manoharparrikar (59)his was not a surprise choice as his name had surfaced when narendra modi took charge on may 26.
one of the first to go public in favour of making modi the prime ministerial candidate, the three-time goa chief minister rose from a rss pracharak to become a union minister.
administrative acumen is his forte and parrikar, an iit-mumbai alumni, is expected to bring in his experience into defence ministry.
modis sherpa:suresh prabhu (61)with prabhus anointment, modi showed he is willing to rub shiv sena the wrong way.
a former sainik, prabhu took bjp membership just before driving to rashtrapati bhavan to take oath.
prabhu was appointed the prime ministers sherpa for g-20 talks and his was the name speculated for the body to replace the planning commission.
a qualified chartered accountant, prabhus efforts to streamline functioning of power ministry during vajpayee regime were appreciated.
he was also chairman of task force for interlinking of rivers and the south asia water conferencethe meticulous:j p nadda (53)known as a tough task master, he was the man who executed bjp chief amit shahs difficult assignments.
nadda is known to be part of all major decision making processes in the bjp.
he enjoys support from rss and has good equations with all prominent bjp leaders.
he takes personality development and time management workshops for the party workers.
the turncoat:ch birender singh (68)the congress denied him chief ministership in haryana and a seat in manmohan singhs cabinet.
he left the congress after four decades of association with it, and now finds a place in modis team as he is a prominent jat leader in the state.
the bjp believes that singhs entry into the saffron party will bring jats closerto it.
the old timer : bandaru dattatreya (67)the four-time mp is known for his simplicity, soft-spokenness and down-to-earth nature.
he is the first union minister from the newly-created state of telangana.
a science graduate, he joined the rss in 1965 and was a pracharak from 1968 to 1989.
he also has previous experience in the erstwhile atal bihari vajpayee government.
the pilot: rajiv pratap rudy (52)a commercial pilot, rudy humbled rashtriya janata dal chief lalu prasads wife rabri devi in bihars saran.
he played a key role in the partys victory in the politically crucial state of maharashtra.
his induction into the cabinet also shows the bjps focus on bihar ahead of next years assembly elections.
he has a formidable reputation as a party organiser.
the doctor: dr mahesh sharma (55)sharma, an mp from gautam budh nagar, owns the kailash hospital in noida, a satellite township of delhi.
a staunch rss follower since childhood, he was actively associated with abvp during his student days.
the minority face: mukhtar abbas naqvi (57)naqvi finds a place in modi's team but not in the senior league.
a defender of the party, he has to satisfy himself with mos status.
he is one of the vice presidents of bjp.
he explains party's stand on minorities, especially muslims.
he was among others involved in organising logistics for bjp in lok sabha polls.
congress-baiter: haribhai parthibhai chaudhari (60)the man who stormed the traditional congress bastion of banaskantha, haribhai parthibhai chaudhari maintained a stronghold over it, winning four times.
an active rss member, chaudhari is a commerce post-graduate degree holder who worked as a diamond trader.
in parliament, he was a member of several panels, including the standing committees on finance, chemicals and fertilizer, agriculture and commerce.
the motormouth: giriraj singh (62)a modi loyalist, he kicked up a storm when he said in april, those opposing narendra modi are looking at pakistan, and such people will have place in pakistan and not in india.
he has found a berth as a representative of bhumihars, who backed bjp in bihar.
he has special interest in agricultural practices and animal husbandry.
the whistleblower: hansraj gangaram ahir (59)the four-time bjp mp from chandrapur, maharashtra, is better known as one of the whistleblowers in the multi-crore coal block allocation scam.
he pressed for a central vigilance commission probe into the scam, leading to investigation by the cbi.
ahir has had 24 private bills out of the total 288 in the 15th lok sabha.
hailed by 14th lok sabha speaker somnath chatterjee as a role model for mps, he won the sansad ratna award for the best parliamentarian in the 15th lok sabha for being meticulous and systematic in parliamentary duties.
the sophisticated: jayant sinha (51)alumni of iit-delhi and harvard business school, he is the son of yashwant sinha.
an investment fund manager and management consultant so far, he was elected to lok sabha from hazaribagh, a seat once represented by his father.
an avid tennis player, he is expected to assist arun jaitley in finance ministry.
the shooter: rajyavardhan singh rathore (44)rathore, who won olympics silver medal in 2004, hit the political road in 2013 and he hit the bulls eye with an emphatic victory in lok sabha polls after taking voluntary retirement from the army as a colonel.
he served army for 23 years.
i must not back out when the nation is faced with a different kind of threat, he had said about his entry into politics.
the singer: babul supriyo (44)supriyo, the singing sensation, celebrated his entry into modis team savouring a cup of tea and a cream roll from a roadside tea stall.
the singer, who rendered hit songs pari hai ek pari.
.
.
, chanda chamke.
.
.
and dil ne dil ko pukara, is one of the two bjp mps from west bengal, where bjp hopes to do better next time.
supriyo also pipped senior bjp leader s s alhuwalia to enter the council of ministers.
the plumber: vijay sampla (53)sampla, a dalit, was once a plumber in gulf and now he has scaled new heights.
he may be bjp's trump card to woo scheduled castes when punjab goes to assembly polls in 2017.
sampla began his political journey after being elected sarpanch of his village and has also held several important positions in the state bjp unit including having been its vice president.
the writer: prof (dr) ram shankar katheria (50)a phd holder and a writer with books on social issues and dalit upliftment, among others, prof (dr) ram shankar katherias inclusion into the union cabinet is expected to help the party in up and punjab.
a second-time mp, dr katheria of the up is in charge of party affairs in punjab.
in his first term, he was a member of several committees like the committee on urban development, committee on papers laid on the table, committee on petitions and also the consultative committee on rural development.
the preacher: sadhvi niranjan jyoti (47)a religious preacher, sadhvi niranjan jyoti helped bjp make inroads among the dalit and backward classes in the politically-crucial state of uttar pradesh.
she contested and won from the fatehpur seat in up and her candidature is widely acknowledged to have got the bjp the support of the kashyap and nishad communities.
govt open to using satellites, drones for broadband projectnew delhi, feb 3, 2015, dhns: 0:49 istthe government is open to the idea of using satellite technology, drones or special balloons for providing broadband connectivity to all gram panchayats under the national optical fibre network (nofn) project.
to reach every gram panchayat, the government will not mind tweaking rules to use satellite technology to provide broadband connectivity, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at the digital india summit here.
the nofn project aims to provide high-speed broadband connectivity to 2.
5 lakh gram panchayats by december 2016.
the estimated cost of the project is around rs 30,000 crore.
the government has set a target of rolling out optical fibre network across 50,000 village panchayats by the end of the current financial year, 1 lakh more by march 2016 and another 1 lakh by the end of 2016.
the early completion of nofn is key to implementation of the centres ambitious digital india programme.
regarding electronic manufacturing, prasad said foreign companies manufacturing in india are entitled to all the benefits given by the government.
we have come up with lots of incentives, electronics clusters have been opened in many states.
.
.
if you invest $100, we will give you $25 (in return), prasad said.
under the modified special incentive package, government provides subsidy for investments in capital expenditure with a limit of 20 per cent for investments in special economic zone (sez) and 25 per cent in non-sezs.
the government is making efforts to boost electronics manufacturing in the country.
india imported telecom products worth rs 69,516.
37 crore in 2013-14, while exports of such items were at rs 20,475.
17 crore during the present financial year, leaving a significant deficit of rs 49,041.
20 crore.
bengaluru, nov 25, 2015 (pti) 21:10 istrahul gandhi today faced some embarassing moments when a large section of his student audience at a women's college responded in resonating 'yes' to his poser whether they thought prime minister narendra modis ambitious 'swachh bharat' and 'make in india' campaigns were working.
during an interaction with students of mount carmel college, a leading women's college here, the congress vice president took an instant poll asking the young audience about the twin flagship programmes while slamming the modi government.
gandhi asked the students whether 'swachh bharat abhiyan' ('clean india mission') was working, to which most replied in a resounding 'yes'.
it didnt end here as the congress mp again asked the students if they thought the 'make in india' programme was really working and the students again gave the same reply, making the leader apparently uncomfortable.
gandhi hastened to tell the audience that he differed with them.
you might see it i don't, said gandhi, who sported a grey t shirt, adding,anyway, i don't clearly see a vision that the bjp is projecting.
the interaction was the first in the series of gandhi's outreach to the students across the campuses in the country.
rahul later talking to reporters said the nature of the response of the students to his questions were not clear.
actually it was not clear.
on 'swachh bharat', half the room said nothing had happened and some said something had happened.
on 'make in india', i think more people said not much had happened, some said things have happened.
the kind of response by the students to rahul's poser led bjp to say his disconnect with the ground was exposed and shown through the mirror by the youths of the country.
when asked about swachh bharaat abhiyan and make in india, the youths of this country said that these concepts are moving ahead and rahul was shocked.
why was he shocked?
because of the very fact that he has a great disconnect, he does not know the vibrations on the ground.
leave aside the country, he cannot lead the youths of the country, bjp spokesperson sambit patra said.
he said rahul has no capacity to lead even the youths not to speak of the country.
his ignorance was snubbed by the young students, he said.
bjp secretary sidharth nath singh said gandhi's interaction with students at bengaluru should caution congress party and leadership that indian youth is not willing to accept obstructionist and negative agenda of congress.
the snap poll done by rg is a good indicator that pm modi's initiative like 'swachh bharat', 'make in india' and others have strong support of the youth.
it was quite heartening to learn that indian youth had straight questions on why gst and other reforms are being blocked.
we hope rg and congress would learn from the interaction that indian youth want parliament to function and therefore they would not disturb the winter session, he said.
congress chief spokesperson randeep surjewala, however, said gandhi answered questions unlike prime minister modi and this is the way for the country's leader to interact.
this is the way, the leader of the country should interact with the young and the countrymen everywhere -- sometimes disagreeing with them, sometimes agreeing with them and aswering their basic inquisitiveness on how india should look in 5 years, 10 years and 20 years.
rahul ji has answered, what no other political leader has done.
seeking to contrast rahul's interaction with that of prime minister narendra modi with students on november 14, surjewala alleged that a question asked by even a child was fixed two weeks back as reported by a newspaper.
rahul ji does not act like that.
he believes in democratic functioning of the country, the right to agree or disagree, he said.
another congress leader ghulam nabi azad dismissed suggestions that students snubbed rahul and claimed that on the contrary they replied in negative thrice when asked about the efficacy of centre's plans.
the students responded with 'no' thrice.
but they (bjp) fail to listen it.
they do not want to listen 'no'.
that is intolerance, he said.
on rahul's remarks at bangalore, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, i will give him a gentle unsolicited advice.
please don't take recourse on patent lies.
he told rahul, you talk about intolerance.
please be tolerant towards narendra modi and bjp, nda government for the massive majority that people of india have given to us.
we are doing well.
narendra modiji is being respected world over.
our performance is there and will improve further.
he said that even the young audience in bangalore apparantly contradicted what he was trying to say about our government.
who will govern india, people have decided and please be tolerant towards people of india, he said.
taking a jibe at gandhi, bjp secretary shrikant sharma said rahul has been exposed during his interaction with youth.
if he draws constructive lessons from it, then it will be good for the congress as well as the country, sharma said.
his image has become that of a leader against development and youth.
people have given him a chance to correct it.
the italian glasses through which he looks at the country were removed by the students, he said, mocking the congress vice president.
on the one hand gandhi speaks about intolerance and corruption and on the other he shares dais with hate speech accused imran masood and supports likes of himachal pradesh chief minister virbhadra singh and rjd leader lalu prasad, sharma said, accusing him of having hypocrisy.
govt mulls carrot and stick policy on dropped callsnew delhi, june 03, 2015, dhns: 1:29 istin the backdrop of frequent call drops faced by mobile phone users, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said the government is exploring the possibility of implementing disincentives for telecom operators to counter the issue.
stating that the operators need to ensure call drops are minimised, the minister said telcos need to strengthen their system.
call drops need to be minimised.
they (private telecom operators) need to reinforce their mechanism.
i have directed officials in the department to work on a disincentive architecture (for the operators), said prasad.
telecom secretary rakesh garg has asked the member (technology) in the dot to work out whether the government can incentivise telecom firms that have minimum call drops and punish those with the highest call drops.
if required the proposal will be sent to trai for its suggestions.
a final call could be taken in six months, he said.
explaining the idea, garg cited the example of a telecom operator that is offering free calls in lieu of call drops.
at present, all service providers adhere to trai's 2 per cent call drop limit.
however depending on the area and time of the day, one in every five or 10 mobile calls get disconnected midway.
though the global limit for call drops is 2 per cent, the actual average is much lower.
operators contend that lack of spectrum and hurdles in installing mobile towers in residential areas because of radiation issues have led to frequent call drops.
new delhi, nov 6, 2012, dhns: 1:33 istbjp core group supports beleaguered party chiefafter a day-long drama, the bjp on tuesday night formally came out in support of their president nitin gadkari, accused of resorting to corrupt business practices, reportedly after the rss forced the party to back him.
after the two-hour meeting of the core group, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said, the party has full faith in his leadership.
prasad was merely reading out the statement by leaders of opposition in both houses of parliament, sushma swaraj and arun jaitely.
party patriarch l k advani, who was not present at the meeting, is believed to have expressed his caveat on carefully wording the party statement supporting gadkari, indicating that it should not be too sweeping to sanction a second term for him.
gadkaris present term ends on december 19 and the party has already made amendments in their constitution to facilitate his extension in office.
a gag order has also been issued to leaders, asking them not to issue statements in public about the gadkari controversy.
sangh ideologue s gurumurthy played a pivotal role in the save-gadkari campaign.
on the directions of the rss, it is learnt that gurumurthy went through the documents related to gadkaris companies and concluded that charges are not serious enough warranting his resignation.
he met jaitely, sushma and some senior disgruntled party leaders to assert that gadkari was not guilty as was being projected in the media.
advani was also shown the presentation and so were the attendees at the core group meeting.
crisis had deepened in the party after top lawyer mahesh jethmalani resigned from the bjp national executive committee to protest gadkaris continuance in office.
maheshs father and rajya sabha mp ram jethmalani had a press conference seeking gadkaris resignation.
he claimed that he and his son had the backing of three other senior leaders, jaswant singh, shatrughan sinha and yashwant sinha.
gadkari went knocking on doors to save his job.
he first met sushma swaraj and later jaitely early in the day to seek their support after gurumurthys report exonerated him.
later, sushma, ananth kumar and dharmendra pradhan met at advanis residence in the evening to chalk out the contours of the core group meeting.
rss, bjp leaders talktop rss leaders are also said to have called up bharatiya janata party leaders to fall in line.
jethmalani accepted that gurumurthy also met him.
i told him (gurumurthy) that it may be necessary for me to ask gadkari a few questions.
he says don't worry about it.
if you want to ask questions, gadkari will answer them, jethmalani told reporters.
gurumurthy tried to convince me.
he has seen the documents.
.
.
but i have not seen the documents, i am not prepared to accept any conclusion.
i have told him to give me all the documents along with a note by wednesday which i will study myself, the noted lawyer said.
rss mouthpiece shows pok as pak territory; govt to probenew delhi, mar 13, 2015 (pti) 12:52 istthe publication of a map in rss mouthpiece 'organiser' depicting a part of jammu and kashmir as part of pakistan, today evoked consternation in rajya sabha, with the opposition asking whether the government approved it.
an embarrassed government promised to investigate the matter saying this was not its stand and neither of the sangh.
the matter was raised by leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad when the house met for the day, saying a map published in the 'organiser' depicted pak-occupied kashmir (pok) as part of pakistan.
jammu and kashmir is the crown of india and numerous sacifices have been made to maintain it as the crown, he said.
observing that the bjp and rss have been in the forefront of protests whenever a foreign magazine showed pok as part of pakistan, azad wanted to know from the government if it approved of the 'organiser' map.
responding on behalf of the government, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said jammu and kashmir was an integral part of india and we will investigate the article in 'organiser'.
this is not the view of the sangh, neither the bjp's and nor that of the government, prasad said.
despite the minister's reply, congress members continued to press the issue, with s chaturvedi wanting to know what action the government proposes to take against the author.
deputy chairman p j kurien said the minister has made a categorical statement that jammu and kashmir is part of india and nobody can change it.
some congress members also tried to raise the issue of 2008 mumbai attack mastermind zakiur rehman lakhvi being granted bail by a court in pakistan.
pramod tiwari (cong) said it was a failure of india's foreign policy, even as kurien asked members to give proper notice for raising the issue.
rajeev shukla (cong) said though zero hour notices are to be given by 1000 hrs, but since lakhvi was released around that time, no prior notice could be given for raising the issue in the house.
kurien said the members can raise the issue on the next working day.
he also disallowed a notice for suspension of business by k n balagopal (cpi-m) to raise the issue of ruckus during budget presentation in the kerala assembly.
your suspension notice is ruled out.
you cannot discuss working of an assembly, whether kerala or any other, in this house, he said, asking cpi(m) members to ask their party colleagues in the state to raise it in the assembly.
cabinet okays land ordinance once againnew delhi, may 31, 2015, dhns: 2:12 istthe union cabinet on saturday decided to re-promulgate the controversial land ordinance, saying it is necessary for maintaining continuity and for providing a framework to compensate people whose land is acquired.
the centres move comes at a time when a joint committee of parliament is looking into the contentious land acquisition bill which got stuck due to the oppositions resistance in the rajya sabha before the lok sabha passed it during the last budget session.
though the government appears to be determined to push it through parliament in the monsoon session slated for julysince by then the joint committee would have tabled its reportprime minister narendra modi interestingly did not put much stake on the legislation.
the land acquisition bill is not a matter of life or death for me.
and neither was it an agenda of my party or the government, modi said in an interview.
the land ordinance has been cleared again by the cabinet to maintain continuity and we will ensure that farmers do not face hardship on compensation, said telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
yeddyurappa meets jaitleylast updated: 18 january, 2011new delhi, jan 18, (pti): 21:00 istkarnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa today met senior bjp leader arun jaitley here to discuss how to deal with governor h r bhardwaj with whom the state government has had strained ties.
yeddyurappa arrived here this afternoon and discussed in detail the problems he is facing due to bhardwaj's comments and actions.
bhardwaj said earlier in the day today that he has been studying a request by a lawyers forum seeking permission to prosecute yeddyurappa and home minister r ashok in alleged land scams.
the chief minister will meet president pratibha patil on january 24 to complain against the actions of bhardwaj who is working at the behest of congress and jd(s) leader h d kumaraswamy, a close associate of yeddyurappa told pti.
jaitley, an eminent lawyer, advised yeddyurappa on how he could tackle the crisis in the state where the opposition has not allowed the assembly to function and charged the government with corruption in land allotment.
asked about the corruption charges against yeddyurappa, bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said the land alloted to his sons had been returned and an fir lodged against a minister (katta subramaniam naidu) facing corruption charges had to resign.
the question of change in land use is a larger one.
s m krishna as chief minister of karnataka had changed land use of 300 acres of land, he alleged.
bjp also took on bhardwaj for his reported statement that he may order an inquiry against yeddyurappa on january 20 if the chief minister failed to clear his name.
it is not a surprise if he has said so.
.
.
.
he can go to any extent as governor of a state, prasad said in reply to a question on the issue.
the last few days were marked by exchanges, not always pleasant, between senior members of the union government and the judiciary.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and finance minister arun jaitley raised issues concerning the judiciary's role and powers vis-a-vis the executive and the legislature in very unacceptable ways.
the chief justice of india dipak misra had to counter some statements made by the law minister as he thought there had arisen a need to defend the judiciary and restate the constitutional position on the right relationship between different organs of state.
prime minister narendra modi also spoke about the need for balance between the organs and institutions of state.
the exchanges created the impression that both sides had much to talk to and about each other.
persistent and open talk about relations happens when the relations are strained.
the government side was petulant and aggressive, and some points which were made by it will not help to improve relations.
ravi shankar prasad's suggestion that the judiciary should trust the prime minister is wrong and ill-conceived.
that rightly drew the cji's comment that there should be mutual respect between the organs of state which are bound by the principle of constitutional sovereignty.
personal trust, which the minister recommended, has no place in institutional relationships.
he imported the idea from the politics of the day, echoing the calls made every day to have faith in the big leader.
reposing faith in a single leader is undemocratic and dangerous, and there are lessons from the past to prove this.
the relations and dealings between institutions of state should be based on more solid grounds.
the argument that the nation trusts the prime minister with its nuclear weapons is no reason to entrust him with decisions that should be taken by other constitutional authorities.
the idea of separation of powers and the checks and balances in the constitutional scheme should govern institutional relations.
there have been cases of judicial overreach, but many of them were the result of the government and the executive failing to do what was expected of it.
arun jaitley criticised judicial activism and wondered what would happen if the government stepped in to do the judiciary's job.
the cji made it clear that the court would not hesitate to act if governments failed to protect fundamental rights.
all these postures are the result of the differences between the government and the supreme court over the memorandum of procedure (mop) for the appointment of judges after the njac legislation was struck down by the supreme court.
these differences should be resolved at the earliest and the public bickering should end.
restore justiced v shylendra kumar oct 8 2017, 23:16 istwhether the collegium was out to please the executive or it buckled under the latter's pressure, either is disastrous for the judiciary.
the recent proposal to transfer justice jayant patel from the karnataka high court to the allahabad high court, which led to the judge resigning, is yet another instance of the supreme court collegium acting in a secretive manner, and not necessarily with any bona fides either and not making known what compelling public interest was sought to be thus served.
this episode yet again made obvious the undesirable manner of functioning of the collegium.
one speculation is that the transfer proposal originated from chief justice of india dipak misra himself.
whether the collegium had assented or not is also a matter of speculation.
this speculative inference is attributable to two circumstantial facts.
one is that justice patel has spelt out clearly in his letter of resignation that he was not inclined to accept a transfer of this nature  the second in his case, after having been transferred from his parent high court, the gujarat hc, only 18 months ago.
the second circumstantial fact is union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, when asked about the justice patel affair, telling reporters, no comments.
no proposal on transfer has been received by us, indicating that the centre had no knowledge of the proposed transfer.
these indicate that justice patel had been sounded out on the transfer proposal without disclosing reasons.
high court judges normally seek transfer to another high court when their kith and kin enter the bar in their parent high court.
it is in consonance with guidelines evolved at the conference of the chief justices of the high courts, the cji and other judges of the supreme court.
a transfer, when not sought for by the judge concerned or is without his consent, is viewed as a punishment transfer in legal circles.
be that as it may, justice patel gracefully accepted his first transfer, after having served as a judge of the gujarat high court for about 15 years, to the karnataka hc.
in the short period he served there, he earned the respect and affection of the members of the bar and bench alike.
members of the bar admired his professional functioning as well as his soft-spoken and gentle manners.
emphasis is laid on these qualities of justice patel only to make it clear that there was absolutely no complaint against him from any quarter which could have attracted the attention of the cji or the approval of the collegium for his transfer.
from the reaction of the judge to the transfer proposal, it can be safely assumed that no specific reason was spelt out to him.
what overwhelming public interest compelled the cji and the collegium to propose the transfer, that too just days before what should have been his automatic elevation to chief justice of the karnataka hc and just 10 months before his retirement, was also not indicated.
alas!
neither his elevation nor letting him retire peacefully seem to be to the liking of the powers that be.
justice patels folly appears to be that he acted and functioned as an upright judge with a conscience.
while the government of the day may nurse some grouse against such an upright judge for some of his adverse judgements (such as in the ishrat jahan encounter killing), that can never be a reason for the cji and the collegium to transfer him.
in the absence of any reason of public interest, the transfer proposal becomes completely arbitrary.
it even smacks of mala fides.
while such a proposal may have been to the delight of the executive, both at the centre and in gujarat, the question is, why did it originate in the judicial wing, particularly from the cji and the sc collegium.
it is in such situations that one realises how very inadequate and wanting our judicial system is in the matter of appointment and transfer of judges to the higher judiciary.
the secretive manner of the proceedings of the collegiums of the supreme court and the high courts, not keeping records of their proceedings, not even maintaining the minutes of the meetings, and not spelling out reasons for their decisions, these together are the bane of the administration of our judicial system.
it is time such opaqueness made way for transparency.
the sc collegium has now moved in this direction, having passed a resolution to put up the information relating to appointment of judges to the higher judiciary on the supreme court website.
this is welcome.
but while it may act as a safeguard against arbitrary proposals and decisions in the future, the case of justice patels proposed transfer remains a puzzle.
secrecy in transparencyit is not the first time that the collegium has puzzled people.
on earlier occasions, when the claims of justices bhaskar bhattacharya and a p shah for appointment to the supreme court were overlooked, it did not spell out the reasons.
what outstanding quality it saw in justice p d dinakaran in appointing him to the supreme court was never revealed.
on all these occasions, it was assumed that the personal predilections of the then chief justice of india played a role in such developments and no outside influence or pressure was noticed or discussed.
in justice patels case, though, no such personal bias against him is discernible.
therefore, the only possible inference, though speculative, is that either the collegium is out to please the executive or it buckled under the latters pressure.
either reason spells disaster for the independence of the judiciary.
one ardently hopes such is not the reason.
justice patels direction for a cbi probe into the ishrat jahan encounter case, (state of gujarat vs.
union of india), regardless of what effect it had on the political executive of the day, is a shining example of the independence of the judiciary and demonstrated in ample measure the fairness, firmness, courage, conviction and impartial outlook of justice patel as a judge.
perhaps one way the sc collegium can repair its tarnished image and redeem the independence of the judiciary is by proposing the name of justice patel for appointment to the supreme court and standing by it, even if the executive is not inclined or does not accept the recommendation the first time round.
if this is done, the independence of the judiciary will not only be achieved, it will have been demonstrated in good measure.
in conclusion, bravo justice jayant patel!
abou ben adhem (may his tribe increase!
) long live the independence of judiciary.
irf bribed rajiv foundation: bjpnew delhi, sep 11, 2016, dhns 1:11 istsharpening its attack on congress president sonia gandhi, the bjp on saturday charged that rs 50 lakh donation rajiv gandhi foundation (rgf) got from controversial islamic preacher zakir naiks ngo was essentially a hefty bribe to shelter his anti-national activities.
security environmenta day after bjp leader subramanian swamy tweeted to expose the link, the bjp dug out past official documents to charge that upa regime was aware that the television evangelist naiks preaching was not conducive to the security environment of the country and attempts were made to shield him from backlash on his islamic discourse.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in a press meet on saturday, wondered why didnt the congress return the fund, which they did now after the controversy broke out.
in december 2012, the upa government was informed by the security agencies that naik through his peace tv was airing content challenging security environment.
prasad read out former information and broadcasting minister manish tiwars answer to an unstared question no 1819 raised in the lok sabha on december 4, 2012.
illegal channelstiwari said the peace tv uplinked from dubai was one of the 24 illegal channels found to be telecasting views threatening secular environment.
peace tv is owned and controlled by naik and a militant accused of carrying out terror strike in bangladesh recently had said that he was inspired by the evangelist to fight for islam.
new delhi, sep 22, 2015 (pti) 17:32 istcongress today said the modi government's hasty retreat on the contentious draft encryption policy re-establishes the strength of democratic dissent over tughlaqi farmans.
claiming the move was aimed at overriding all sense of individual freedom of speech and expression and encroaching upon the right to privacy, the party called for united efforts to repulse any move of the government to subjugate individual liberty again through the backdoor.
like in the case of net neutrality, a massive public outrage over encryption policy has made the government take a u-turn momentarily.
intent of the government, however, stands exposed.
all indians would need to stand united to ensure that the government does not bring back such policies to subjugate individual liberty again through the back door, congress chief spokesman randeep surjewala told reporters here.
surjewala said that the draft policy on encryption of the department of electronic and information technology first circulated, then amended and now withdrawn with a rider for re-issuing it, is a totalitarian, misconceived and a failed attempt of modi government.
alleging that subjugation of individual freedom, surveillance on the citizen and suppression of dissents have emerged as the dna of the government, he said in the last 16 months, the modi dispensation has made systematic, sinister attempts to quash dissent and undermine individual liberty.
he said another recent example is the authoritarian circular issued by the bjp-led government in maharashtra threatening to press sedition charge for legitimate criticism of government and political leadership.
besides, he said, contrary to the stated objective of creating an information security environment and secure transactions, the draft encryption policy gave the modi government a licence to indulge in 24x7 surveillance and monitor private lives of citizens, particularly the youth.
congress' sharp reaction came within hours of telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad announcing withdrawal of the draft encryption policy that sought to make it mandatory for everyone to store all messages, including those of whatsapp, for 90 days.
the draft encryption policy, released yesterday, wanted businesses, telcos and internet companies to store all encrypted data for 90 days in plain text which should be presented before law enforcement agencies whenever asked.
gadkari snubs sushmalast updated: 28 may, 2011new delhi, may 28, (pti): 20:10 istwith her remarks on arun jaitley regarding reddy brothers threatening to snowball into a major row, bjp president nitin gadkari today stepped in to virtually snub sushma swaraj saying any debate on the choice of ministers in karnataka in the media is ''totally unnecessary''.
gadkari came out with a statement this evening after former party president rajnath singh and chief minister b s yeddyurappa claimed responsibility for inducting the controversial reddy brothers, mining magnates, into the state cabinet, from which swaraj had distanced herself.
swaraj, widely perceived to be close to the reddy brothers, had in an interview yesterday said it was jaitley, yeddyurappa, m venkaiah naidu and ananth kumar who had decided to induct janardhan and karunakar reddy into the cabinet.
the remarks, which brought to fore the differences in second generation leadership in the party, forced rajnath singh and yeddyurappa to claim responsibility for the induction of the reddy brothers.
while swaraj and jaitley kept mum on the issue, gadkari came out with a sharp statement which said there is absolutely no question of any individual or individuals influencing this process in any particular manner.
any debate about the choice of ministers in the karnataka government at this stage in the media is totally unnecessary, gadkari said.
this is the second time that gadkari appeared to openly snub swaraj for her public statements.
in the earlier instance, gadkari had differed with her when she said she was satisfied with prime minister manmohan singh's statement on the controversy surrounding appointment of p j thomas as cvc and the matter should be closed.
in today's statement, gadkari said bjp is a democratic party and always follows the democratic procedure of government-formation in states when it is returned to power.
the party leader is elected by the bjp legislature party in the presence of a team of central observers.
the chief minister, in exercise of his constitutional prerogative, forms his cabinet in consultation with the party's central and state leadership, gadkari said.
he maintained this practice was followed in karnataka as well.
it is the considered position of bjp that all our cabinet ministers in karnataka government are the unanimous choice of the party, both central as well as the state, and are equally capable and committed to providing good governance to the people of karnataka, gadkari said.
earlier, rajnath singh had denied there was any rift between swaraj and jaitley.
reports of a rift between sushma swaraj and arun jaitley are baseless.
this is true that arun was in-charge of karnataka.
i had sent him there as i was president (of bjp) during cabinet formation, singh said.
however, he said he took responsibility for all that happened in karnataka and nobody could be blamed for that.
the selection of ministers is also the chief minister's prerogative, he said.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said swaraj had herself stated in the same interview that she and jaitley were in agreement on 95 to 99 per cent issues.
jaitley asks gandhis to answer courtnew delhi: dec 8, 2015, dhns: 0:33 istrejecting the congresss charge of the government unleashing a political vendetta through the national herald case, finance minister arun jaitley said it is the court that has summoned sonia gandhi and her son rahul.
he also said that the nda government was ready for any discussion on the serious charges to put the facts before parliament.
this government has not done any illegal action against anyone.
.
.
.
in case of congress leaders, it is not the action of the government but that of the judiciary.
.
.
.
court has summoned them and not the government.
give your reply to them, jaitley told the rajya sabha, while countering the congresss charges of their leaders being targeted for raising questions against the centre.
after the house was adjourned on the issue, jaitley commented that the gandhis should face the courts since india is not a banana republic where parliament or media can decide guilt or innocence in legal matters.
no political vendetta.
a private complaint was lodged.
government had nothing to do with it.
the high court has dismissed their case and asked them to go and face trial.
nobody in this country has immunity from law.
they can challenge the orders in a higher court or face proceedings, he said.
realising that the government may have to forgo another session without passing the gst bill, the bjp fielded telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad to corner the congresss first family on corruption.
on congress president drawing indira gandhis legacy to say that she is not scared of anyone, the minister said, anyone may be daughter-in-law but that does not make any difference for the courts.
parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu charged the congress of raising such issues since it does not want parliament to function.
grand alliance heads to victory in late surgepatna, nov 8, 2015, (ians): 12:01 istthe grand alliance on sunday celebrated all across bihar as its candidates forged ahead in more than half of the 243 seats, stunning the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
two-and-a-half hours into the vote count, trends from counting centres showed the jd-u camp was ahead in 135 seats - 13 more than the 122 needed to secure a majority in the assembly - while the bjp alliance was on the front in 92 seats.
smaller parties, including the bsp and mim, were on the winning track in nine constituencies.
chief minister nitish kumar's janata dal-united (jd-u) leaders claimed victory and said the jd-u and its two allies - the rjd and congress - were confident of forming the government.
jd-u leader sharad yadav said the grand alliance would win about 150 seats.
it was a very tough fight, it was a straight fight.
jd-u's pavan verma added: the grand alliance has moved towards victory.
it is a defeat for (prime minister narendra) modi and (bjp president) amit shah.
we will form a government with a clear majority.
it was one of the most bitterly contested assembly election in recent times, with modi personally taking charge of the bjp combine's campaign, pitting himself against chief minister and jd-u leader nitish kumar and rjd leader lalu prasad.
when the final results are declared, it would be the bjp's second straight defeat in assembly elections since it was routed by the aam aadmi party in delhi in february.
early celebrations in the bjp office in new delhi and patna gave way to gloom as it became clear that the initial leads its candidates took proved to be a mirage, with the grand alliance members clawing back in the vote count.
i congratulate the people of bihar for voting for development.
the credit goes to modi's and (bjp president) amit shah's leadership, bjp spokesman kailash vijayvargiya told the media earlier.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad too said earlier: we will win with very conclusive majority.
people of bihar need change.
bjp leaders ordered a huge quantity of sweets, saying they were sure of a victory.
in no time, the atmosphere became sombre in the bjp office here.
bjp candidates were leading in 74 seats, former chief minister jitan ram manjhi's hindustani awam morcha (ham) in four, the lok janshakti party (ljp) of ramvilas paswan in nine and the rashtriya lok sama party (rlsp) in five seats each.
in the grand alliance, the jd-u was ahead in 64 seats, the rjd in 55 and the congress in 12 seats.
the rjd and the jd-u fielded 101 candidates each and the congress 41.
the bjp contested 160 seats and its allies the ljp 40, the rlsp 23 and the ham 20 seats.
the bitterly contested five-phase electoral battle began on october 12 and ended on november 5.
new delhi, mar 29, 2017, (pti) 13:34 isttaking a serious view of public sharing of aadhaar details of m s dhoni, the unique identification authority of india has blacklisted for 10 years the entity that had enrolled the ace cricketer.
the uidai has also ordered an inquiry to determine any possible involvement of others and take action as per the aadhaar act.
we have blacklisted vle (village level entrepreneur) who enrolled m s dhoni for leaking aadhaar receipt which carried his personal information.
at uidai, we are very strict on the privacy issue.
we have ordered further inquiry on the matter and action will be taken against all those involved in the leak, uidai ceo ajay bhushan pandey told pti.
he also said action will be taken even against those involved in tweeting the picture of the receipt through the official twitter account (cscegov) of the state-run csc e-governance services.
the uidai crackdown came after dhoni's wife sakshi flagged the matter and complained about it to law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who promised swift action.
the agency's common services centre (csc) through its handle @cscegov posted a tweet yesterday saying ace cricketer mahendra singh dhoni and his family get their aadhaar updated at vle mariya farooqui's cse at ranchi, jharkhand.
prasad was tagged in the tweet.
it included a photograph of the cricketer with a csc representative and another of his personal details on what appeared to be the aadhaar website.
the tweet with the information was later removed.
is there any privacy left?
information of aadhaar card, including application, is made public property, sakshi had tweeted.
while thanking sakshi for bringing up the issue to his notice, prasad said, sharing personal information is illegal.
serious action will be taken against this.
new delhi, dh news service, may 7 2017, 1:44 istrjd chief lalu prasad yadav took orders from jailed don mohammad shahabuddin during a communal riot, claimed an audio tape released by a television news channel on saturday.
lapping up the expose, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad asked bihar chief minister nitish kumar to break his eloquent silence and take action against his ally lalu for indulging in the worst form of criminal-political nexus in the country.
prasad said the rjd patriarch broke the law by shamelessly interacting with a man convicted for murder and facing charges in over 30 heinous crimes.
nitish kumarji, a crime has been committed.
are you going to launch criminal proceedings against your ally lalu prasad?
prasad said at a press conference here.
in the tape, the siwan leader, presently lodged in tihar jail, is heard complaining about the local superintendent of police to lalu, asking him to take action against the officer.
lalu was also heard giving directions to an aide to connect him to the sp, prasad told reporters.
second term for khanduri as cmlast updated: 10 september, 2011new delhi, sep 10 , dhns 0:29 istin a move to clean the partys image in the poll-bound state, former uttarakhand chief minister b c khanduri will replace the incumbent ramesh pokhriyal nishank, the bhartiya janata party (bjp) announced here on saturday.
the decision to remove nishank was taken by the party in the wake of a series of charges of corruption facing its government in the state, which goes to the polls later this year.
keeping in view the forthcoming elections in uttarakhand, the bjp has decided for a change of leadership in uttarakhand.
b c khanduri will be the new chief minister of the state.
the decision will be endorsed by the party mlas at a meeting in dehradun tomorrow,party president nitin gadkari said after a four-hour long meeting with nishank and other senior party leaders.
gadkari said that it was conveyed to nishank that the party wanted a change of leadership in the state in view of the elections.
bjp general secretary and chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad will be the central observer during the meeting of mlas for finalising khanduri's name.
on the charges against nishank, the party president maintained, there have been some allegations in the media that there are cases of corruption against him.
the party wants to make it clear that there are no charges against him.
the only reason for the change was the forthcoming polls, he insisted.
mins hit out at manjhi for remarks of barring them from biharpatna, nov 22, 2014, pti: 18:39 istunion ministers from bihar today took exception to chief minister jitan ram manjhi's remarks that they will not be allowed entry if they failed to bring in desired assistance for the state.
union agriculture minister radha mohan singh told reporters at the airport here that he hails from bihar and would keep coming.
rubbishing manjhi's allegation of neglect of the state, singh said, the narendra modi government was working for betterment of all states without any political consideration.
union minister of state for human resource development upendra kushwaha also strongly criticised manjhi for his remarks.
bihar government is raising fingers at others to hide its own failure, he told reporters at the airport, while describing manjhi's assertions as illogical.
kushwaha, who is also the president of rashtriya lok samata party (rlsp), said it was well known that the state government failed to utilise money under various welfare schemes resulting in lapse of funds meant for the state's progress.
union minister of state for rural development and panchayati raj ram kripal yadav has already condemned manjhi's remarks and said a person sitting on high constitutional post should not make unconstitutional statements.
referring to the seven union ministers as saat bhaiya (seven brothers) at a function on november 19, manjhi had asked to them to bring central assistance for the state, failing which they would be barred from entering bihar.
though the chief minister did not take any names, the seven union ministers are radha mohan singh, ravishankarprasad prasad, ram vilas paswan, rajiv pratap rudy, upendra kushwaha, ram kripal yadav and giriraj singh.
the chief minister's comment had not go down well with his own party, the jd(u), and party president sharad yadav had yesterday asked him to avoid making controversial statements.
new delhi, feb 20, 2016, (pti) 20:25 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad has asked department of electronics and it secretary (deity) aruna sharma to look into the scheme of ringing bells offering a smartphone for just rs 251.
this has come in response to a letter from bjp mp kirit somaiya.
the minister has received a representation from kirit somaiya and mobile phone manufacturers where they have expressed doubt about the veracity of this venture, a telecom ministry source told pti.
he added that the minister has asked the deity secretary to go into the whole issue and if need be, states' cooperation will be sought to find out more about the company.
somaiya has approached a host of ministries, including telecom and finance, regulators sebi, trai, rbi, and state governments, raising issues about the company claiming to offer the world's cheapest mobile phone.
the noida-based company ringing bells today closed its booking for rs 251 phone and has said delivery of all handsets will be completed by june 30.
ringing bells' president ashok chaddha said the manufacturing cost of the phone is about rs 2,500, which will be recovered through a series of measures like economies of scale, innovative marketing, reduction in duties and creating an e-commerce marketplace.
by going for made in india components, we can save on the 13.
8 per cent duty.
also, we will be selling online first and thus, save the costs incurred on the large distribution network, he said.
chaddha also rejected speculation of the handset being subsidised by the government.
the phone will be manufactured in noida and uttarakhand.
two plants will be set up for rs 250 crore each with a capacity of 5 lakh phones.
the money will come in the form of debt and equity (1.
5:1), he said.
chaddha added that the equity is being met by the promoter family of the company that is engaged in agri-commodities business in uttar pradesh, but declined to give details.
but this has not cut much ice with somaiya as well as the industry.
the response.
.
.
of ashok chaddha of ringing bells that how much cost will be saved due to import/local assembling/online marketing.
.
.
far from convincing, somaiya said in a letter attached to his tweet.
the mobile phone industry body ica too has raised some red flags.
we have checked with all operators in the industry and no one has admitted to having been in any kind of bundling deal or partnership with them.
i will only say consumers should stay cautious.
more than consumers, it may hurt businessmen in small towns if the promise made by the company fails, ica national president pankaj mohindroo said.
the company today closed the booking for its 'freedom 251' phone, citing heavy demand.
the notice on the website of company said it has received 3.
70 crore registrations on day 1 and 2.
47 crore on day 2 (as of 1949 hours).
new delhi, march 25, 2015, dhns: 1:48 istwelcoming the supreme courts judgement striking down section 66 (a) of the it act, information and technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said though the nda government had defended the constitutional validity of section 66(a) of it act before the apex court, the present dispensation took a stand that was different from that of the previous upa government.
prasad told reporters here that if the security establishment feels that there is need to consider certain aspects in the light of the order, these shall be considered in a proper structured way with due safeguards so that the constitutional rights are not frustrated.
there can be no parallel of our stand on this matter with that of the previous upa regime.
we have in writing confirmed that we stand for freedom of speech and expression, while the previous upa government tried to make this law an instrument to curb dissent, satire and anything else which did not suit it, he said.
when the upa government came out with draconian provisions under 66(a), the bjp opposed it saying it can not be acceptable, he said.
prasad said after detailed discussions, the government had filed an affidavit before the sc making its stand clear that it respects the freedom of speech and expression.
the government said it had conveyed a request to the court that government is willing to come out with additional, more stringent guidelines so as to prevent abuse of section 66a of the act which allows arrest of a person for posting allegedly offensive content on websites.
asked how the government would ensure regulation in the light of the sc judgement, prasad said: if something is really offensive of national security needs surely there is a process and law.
the court has laid down guidelines under section 79, he added.
i am a supporter of self-regulation by boththose who post and those who allow that platform to be posted, the minister said.
massive surge seen in public comments on net neutralitynew delhi, aug 14, 2015 (pti) 22:13 istwith the deadline for seeking comments on the net neutrality report is ending tomorrow, there has been a huge surge in public response on the consultation paper posted on mygov website following campaign by net activists.
till monday about 530 comments were seen on the paper.
however, by friday evening the number of comments surged to around 16,000.
we appealed people to raise their voice to protect freedom of internet today and we have seen good response.
aib (the stand-up comedy group) released a video on tube explaining people about net neutrality.
people have responded after seeing that video, save the internet volunteer nikhil pahwa told pti.
the government has placed the report of panel set up by telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on net neutrality for public view on mygov website.
the government will firm up regulation after considering public opinion and telecom regulator trai's suggestions.
number of comments were just 700 in the morning.
in just a few hours they have crossed 15,000 despite erratic and slow wesbite.
i expect government will scale its infrastructure and allow more people to comment on it, pahwa said.
the telecom regulatory authority of india in april had received over 10 lakh comments on its paper over net neutrality with majority demanding implementation of ideal net neutrality.
net neutrality implies that equal treatment be accorded to all internet traffic and no priority be given to an entity or company based on payment to content or service providers such as telecom companies, which is seen as discriminatory.
the panel has proposed regulation of domestic calls on internet-based apps like skype, whatsapp and viber by putting them on par with services offered by telecom operator.
however, the committee suggested liberal approach to app-based international calls.
the pricing difference is around 12.
5 times in the case of a voice call and 16 times for messages between services offered by telecom operators and ott players, as per data put together by telecom regulator trai.
the debate picked up in india following telecom major bharti airtel announcing a plan to separately charge for voip calls separately at standard rates.
based on standard rates, usage of each gb of data for voip on 3g network would have costed about rs 4,000 and while the same on 2g network would cost about rs 10,000.
under schemes, airtel was then selling 1gb of 3g data for rs 249 and 1 gb of 2g internet for rs 175.
the company withdrew separate charge plan following protest from public.
the debate further heated up after airtel launched a zero rating platform which allowed free access of those websites who paid for joining the platform.
aamir's comments may mar parliament sessionnew delhi, nov 25, 2015, dhns: 1:55 istactor aamir khans statement on rising intolerance seems to have once again raked up a debate on the issue ahead of the winter session of parliament beginning thursday.
during an interaction at a journalism award ceremony here on monday evening, the actor said his wife, kiran rao, wanted to leave india due to the growing insecurity in the country.
aamirs statement was endorsed by congress vice-president rahul gandhi on tuesday, setting off another bout of attack by the bjp and counterattack from the opposition.
leader of the congress in the lok sabha, mallikarjun kharge, said: we have already given notice for discussion on intolerance and it should be admitted under rule 193.
rahul also attacked prime minister narendra modi, saying that the government should desist from branding people questioning modi as unpatriotic and motivated, and instead reach out to them.
instead of branding all those who question the govt & modiji as unpatriotic, anti-national or motivatedthe govt would do better to reach out to people to understand whats disturbing them, said rahul in a series of tweets.
rahuls support for aamir came shortly after minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju said the actors remark tarnishes the image of india.
we wont let aamir leave the country, he is safe.
this kind of comment influenced by a politically motivated campaign insults those who have given so much honour to aamir in india, said union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi.
the bjp fielded its spokesperson shahnawaz hussain in mumbai who said, there is no better country like india and no better neighbour than a hindu for an indian muslim.
hussain also cited situations in muslim countries and in europe to argue that there is intolerance everywhere.
aamirs comment came during the function attended by four union ministers  arun jaitley, m venkaiah naidu, ravishankarprasad prasad and piyush goyal.
the ministers did not react to the comment then, though one of them was apparently prodded by the anchor for a response.
the bjp leaders pointed out that aamir was not so candid in articulating his views on intolerance debate during an interview for a news channel on november 11.
when the actor was asked to react on political events, since he had earlier expressed concerns on gujarat, narmada and gender discrimination issues, aamir had said that he was not following political events in the last one year.
talking about the prime minister, whom he had met after the nda came to power last may, aamir had said that modi has promised inclusion and thats what we look up to him.
in the same interview, the actor appreciated indias openness to change.
bjp promises action against bsy, if proved guiltylast updated: 09 june, 2011bangalore, jun 9, dhns: 0:03 istsenior bjp senior leader ravishankarprasad prasad has said if chief minister bs yeddyurappa was found guilty in the lokayukta report, the bjp high command would initiate disciplinary action against him.
prasad was speaking to reporters in the city on thursday.
he, however, said the allegations against yeddyurappa were yet to be proven, when asked about the central bjps silence over the alleged corruption in karnataka, as opposed to its clamour against the upa government.
prasad said the state party unit had to pull up its socks and work harder to boost the partys image.
he said though the state unit had been doing its bit, it had attracted a lot of criticism from opposition parties over issues pertaining to corruption and illegal mining.
noteworthy progressthe bjp leader, however, said the yeddyurappa-led government had made noteworthy progress in fields like e-governance, which had also won the centres appreciation.
trying to downplay senior bjp leader l k advanis recent remarks on the bjp leadership in karnataka, prasad said the government had paid heed to advanis remarks by taking adequate measures.
the bjp will begin a nationwide campaign against the upa government for unceremoniously evicting yoga guru baba ramdev during his fast at the ramlila maidan in new delhi, from june 23 to 26.
s m krishna should be asked to quit: bjpnew delhi, jan 20, 2012, (pti) 21:18 istwith the karnataka high court refusing relief to s m krishna on alleged illegal mining during his chief ministership, bjp today asked the congress to show the door to the external affairs minister as done to karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa in the wake of lokayukta report indicting the state government.
krishna holds the sensitive portfolio of external affairs.
after the order of the karnataka high court, he should resign purely on moral grounds as his case will be investigated by the lokayukta police, bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
he wondered whether congress will follow the example of bjp when it had asked yeddyurappa to step down after the lokayukta report indicted his government.
they campaigned against him for two years.
as soon as the report came, we asked him to resign, which he did, prasad said.
congress, however, downplayed the matter saying it was a normal legal process on which the party has nothing to comment.
this is a normal legal process.
i am sure krishna and his lawyer will deal with the matter in accordance with the law.
there is nothing for us to comment on the matter.
today the fact that there is no final verdict, there is going to be further appeal, party spokesperson abhishek singhvi said.
in a setback to krishna, the court ordered that investigation should continue into offences relating to dereservation of forest area in mineral rich fragile zones.
krishna, chief minister from 1999 to 2004, however, got some relief as the court quashed the charges of mismanagement of state owned mysore minerals limited by him on the ground it does not constitute any cognisable offence and do not call for investigation.
govt yet to agree on extending full mnp deadline: prasadnew delhi, apr 22, 2015, (pti) 15:55 istthe government today said it has not yet agreed to industry body coai's demand to extend the may 3 deadline for implementing full mobile number portability (mnp) across the country.
the cellular operators association of india (coai) had requested the department of telecommunications (dot) to set up a coordination committee and to extend the deadline for implementing full mnp.
in consideration of the same, the department has constituted a committee but the request of coai to extend the deadline for full mnp has yet not been agreed, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to the lok sabha.
the full mnp will allow subscribers to retain their mobile number in any part of the country even when they change their operator or state.
he said dot has carried out amendment in the mnp licence agreements for rolling out full mnp by may 2015.
on a question whether action is proposed to be taken if operators fail to meet the deadline, prasad said: the deadline for rolling out full mnp is yet to be reached and further course of action shall be decided thereafter.
government has set may 3 as the deadline for mobile operators to start full mnp service.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) had amended the mnp regulation on february 25, 2015.
at present, mnp allows subscribers to change mobile network while retaining their number in the same telecom circle.
'no compromise on judges appoinment'patna, april 18, 2015, dhns: 23:59 istpresident pranab mukherjee on saturday said there should be no compromise on the appointment of judges in different courts.
he was addressing the centenary celebration function of the patna high court in the state capital, which was also attended by the chief justice of india hl dattu, union minister of law and justice sadanand gowda, union communication minister ravishankarprasad prasad, bihar governor kesari nath tripathi, chief minister nitish kumar and chief justice of patna high court l narasimha reddy.
arguing that all levels of the judiciary should adopt technological methods and solutions, pranab said more resources and infrastructural facilities should be provided to all the courts, starting from the supreme court to subordinate courts.
the year-long centenary celebration started with the lighting of the traditional lamp by the president.
later, in the evening a musical soiree was organised where santoor maestro shiv kumar sharma regaled the select audience.
the foundation stone of the existing patna high court was laid on december 1, 1913, by then viceroy and governor general of india lord hardinge.
on completion, the building was formally opened by lord hardinge on february 3, 1916, when the court started functioning with a chief justice and six other judges.
ajith athrady, new delhi, dh news service, may 23 2017, 16:01 istapple inc wants to expand its contract manufacturer's facility in bengaluru, said it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday.
officials in the department of electronics and information technology were in touch with apple and other mobile phone manufacturers for expanding facilities and setting up new plants.
apple inc have expressed their interest in the production in india and we welcome their move.
they are in touch with the department officials, he said.
as the apple aims a bigger share in one of the world's biggest smartphone markets, the company last week started making iphone se at its taiwanese contract manufacturer wistron's plant in bengaluru.
total 72 new mobile manufacturing units have started in india in the last 30 months and created one lakh direct and 3 lakh indirect jobs.
in 2016-17 17.
5 crores hand sets have produced against 6 crore in 2014-15.
new delhi, sep 16, 2015 (pti) 17:45 ista controversy erupted today over the decision to discontinue postage stamps of indira and rajiv gandhi with the government saying only one family can not get this honour, even as the congress termed the move as insult to the history and demanded an apology.
defending the move, communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad also said that an advisory committee has suggested to replace the picture of indira gandhi with that of yoga on inland letters, but no final decision has been taken as yet.
prasad said a decision has been taken on advice of the philatelic advisory committee to issue definitive series of stamps in the honour of shyama prasad mukherjee, deen dayal upadhyay, netaji subhash chandra bose, sardar patel, shivaji, maulana azad, bhagat singh, jp narayan, ram manohar lohia, vivekananda and maharana pratap.
in the definitive stamp series, the focus was (so far) on one family.
.
.
though other names were there.
mahatma gandhi was there, maulana azad was there.
dr ambedkar was there.
dr bhabha was there, he said.
the minister said the new series is inclusive and seeks to encapsule the contribution of all the leading lights of the freedom movement including jawaharlal nehru.
defending the decision to drop stamps on former prime ministers indira and rajiv gandhi stamps, prasad said the government believes that whoever has contributed in making of india, irrespective of the ideology, should be honoured and postage stamp is a symbol of that honour.
we feel that this right should not belong to only one family, he added.
reacting sharply, congress said the decision shows a very narrow mindset and demanded an apology from the government.
we condemn the approach and attitude of this government towards gandhis who have sacrificed a lot for the nation.
it is an insult to history, congress party's senior spokesperson anand sharma told reporters here.
prasad, on his part said, we have been most liberal and understanding in giving due recognition to people of different ideology and approaches.
all of them (who figure in the new series) have contributed in a very significant way to make modern india.
he further said four commemorative stamps have been issued so far in memory of indira gandhi, two in the name of rajiv gandhi and seven times on nehru.
we need to ponder why so many commemorative stamps have been issued in memory of members of one family, he added.
on definitive series stamps, prasad said till now nehru has figured eight times and he is still there.
the definitive stamps are being issued on indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi since 2008.
congress party has been in power for so many years, but maulana azad has not figured in definitive stamp till date.
i would like to ask congress if maulana azad did not deserve to be included in definitive stamp.
.
.
dr rajendra prasad, swami vivekananda.
.
.
sardar patel figured once in 2001 than disappeared, prasad said.
congress party is making issue out of it, so we want to officially clarify.
when prime minister narendra modi says 'sabka saath sab ka vikas' it means who all have contributed for the country, whatever their ideology was, we will honour all and not only one family, he added.
postal stamps will be also be issued in rabindranath tagore, mohd rafi, hemanta kumar, mukesh, talat mahmood, manna dey, rabindranath tagore, and renowned artists, like ustad bismillah khan, pt ravishankarprasad , m s subbulakshmi.
stamps will also be issued in memory to freedom fighters like chandra shekhar azad and bal gangadhar tilak, he said.
this shows the diversity of the country.
.
.
why congress is worried.
have we removed jawaharlal nehru.
do the congress people want to see the country through only one lens.
we don't want to see this.
this is the fundamental difference.
congress should tell, was sardar patel not of congress, was maulana azad not of congress, nehru is there.
dr b r ambedkar is there.
we have also added yoga, prasad said.
he said the government wants to depict the diversity of the country on postal stamps.
he also added the decision is not caste in stone and would be reviewed periodically.
month-long winter session to commence on november 24new delhi, oct 27, 2014, (pti) 14:28 istwinter session of parliament will start from november 24 and conclude on december 23 during which a heavy legislative agenda is on the cards.
the cabinet committee on parliamentary affairs headed by home minister rajnath singh today recommended the dates to the president.
the month-long session will have a total of 22 sittings in which four days have been earmarked for private members' business.
a total of 67 bills -- 59 in rajya sabha and eight in lok sabha -- are pending and the government will push for passage of at least 30 to 35 legislations, a senior minister said.
this will be the second major session since the narendra modi government took over in may.
the long wait for finalisation of seating arrangement in lok sabha is expected to be over before the session commences, almost six months after the constitution of the new house.
we expect the arrangement to be in place before the winter session, said an official at parliament over the exercise which has dragged on after the declaration of the results of the 16th lok sabha polls on may 16.
average number of sittings in the past five winter sessions has been 22 and the dates were decided based on precedents, source said.
finance minister arun jaitley, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, chemicals and fertilisers minister anant kumar and parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu are members of the committee.
hrd minister smriti irani and ministers of state for parliamentary affairs prakash javadekar and santosh gangwar are special invitees to the committee.
new delhi, jan 11, 2015 (pti) 22:00 istgearing up for the bihar assembly elections due in 2015, the bjp today set an ambitious target of winning 185 seats in the high-priority state, where it had won 31 out of 40 seats in the last lok sabha polls.
at a meeting of top leaders chaired by party president amit shah here today, the bjp discussed strategies to capture around three-fourths of seats in the 243-member bihar assembly, through its 'mission 185'.
indicating its highest focus on victory in bihar, the bjp has set for itself another major goal of enrolling 75 lakh members in bihar alone, out of its total nationwide membership target of 10 crore.
party sources said shah personally urged party leaders to meet the membership target by march 31 following which he will hold a major outreach programme in the state in the form of a public rally at patna's famous gandhi grounds on april 14.
shah in a marathon meeting today discussed bihar election strategies with bjp's core group from the state comprising senior leaders like sushil kumar modi, nand kumar yadav and mangal pandey, besides state in-charge bhupinder yadav and bjp joint general secretary (organisation) sudan singh.
others present at the meet were union ministers radha mohan singh, ravishankarprasad prasad, rajeev pratap rudy, ram kirpal yadav and former minister shahnawaz hussain.
the sources said the bjp's ambitious target in bihar stems from the growing public disenchantment with the recent jdu-rjd alliance and visible strains in relationship between former arch rivals nitish kumar of jdu and lalu prasad of rjd.
bjp president amit shah today chaired the meting of top bihar leaders asking them to strengthen the connect with the people and continuing repeating the performance the party had in the recent lok sabha polls when it won 31 out of 40 seats, said shahnawaz hussain after the meeting.
the focus of the party will be on bihar assembly polls now and all leaders have been asked to move out in a major public outreach programme to ensure the party's success.
.
.
the bjp president will meet all bihar bjp leaders on january 23 and 24 during his two-day visit to the state, hussain said.
electoral success in bihar is crucial to bjp's strategy to muster a majority in the rajya sabha where its legislations are facing roadblocks on account of lack of numbers.
new delhi, mar 20, 2017, (pti) 12:36 istopposition congress today pressed for expeditiously taking up of its substantive motion on the conduct of the governors of goa and manipur in not calling the single largest party to form government after the assembly elections.
raising the issue, digvijaya singh (cong) said he has moved a substantive motion under rule 168 on the conduct of governors and wanted to know when it will be taken up.
deputy chairman p j kurien said the notice has been received and it is under consideration.
as and when chairman decides on the admissibility, you will be intimated, he said.
he said democracy is murdered as the governors called bjp, the second largest party, to form governments.
the conduct of the governors, he said, has gone against the established practice and constitutional propriety and urged that his motion be taken up expdeditiously, otherwise the urgency is lost.
the congress was the single largest party in both goa and manipur and had the first right of refusal in forming the government, he said.
singh had on friday moved a notice under rule 267 seeking suspension of business to discuss the happenings in goa but the chair had ruled that the conduct of governor can only be discussed under a substantive motion.
anand sharma (cong) charged the bjp of committing theft (of mandate) by deceit.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad however said the phrase murder of democracy should not go on record, a plea which was vehemently opposed by the congress and other opposition parties including left.
murder of democracy is not an unparliamentary phrase and it cannot be expunged, said tapan sen (cpi-m).
prasad said the in-house problems of congress party should not be shifted to the governor.
sharad yadav (jd-u) also supported the demand for early consideration of the motion saying an impression has been given that when the issue first figured in the house on thursday and friday, it would be taken up on monday.
if a notice is given, there is a procedure.
chairman has to examine its admissibility, kurien said adding he will convey the feelings of the members about the urgency for a discussion to the chairman.
minister of state for parliamentary affairs mukhtar abbas naqvi said the chairman will have to decide if such a motion is to be admitted and, if admitted, under what rule.
jairman ramesh (cong) gave an acronym of modi, which was immediately expunged from the records.
when leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad said the motion should be taken up for discussion at 2 pm today, kurien said a decision on the admissibility of the motion will be conveyed as early as possible.
will study order in detail before reacting: bjpnew delhi, press trust of india, apr 19 2017, 14:49 istsenior leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
press trust of india file photothe bjp today said it will study in detail the supreme court's verdict allowing trial of its top leaders for criminal conspiracy in the babri masjid case before offering comments.
its senior leader and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, however, asserted that his party highly respects its leaders like l k advani and murli manohar joshi, the two veterans, along with union minister uma bharti and others to be tried now following the apex court's decision.
the court today allowed a cbi plea seeking their trial for criminal conspiracy in the 1992 babri masjid demolition case.
rs approves lokpal billnew delhi, dec 17, 2013, dhns: 2:03 istthe rajya sabha on tuesday passed the lokpal bill following a day-long debate and after delaying it by almost two years.
in a rare show of consensus, all political parties barring the samajwadi party and the shiv sena supported the lokpal and lokayuktas bill, 2011, along with a set of amendments, recommended by a parliamentary select committee that scrutinised the first version of the bill, debated in the house two years ago.
floor managers of the ruling coalition convinced samajwadi party leaders to stage a walkout after registering their protest.
as the government agreed to incorporate a key amendment proposed by the bjp and lone dissenter sp was absent in the house, passage of the long-awaited legislation through a voice vote was smooth.
the amendment suggested by the bjp would allow the central bureau of investigation or police to search an officer accused of corruption without any notice.
leader of opposition in the rajya sabha arun jaitley said there would not be any prior intimation to public servant before any investigation where search and seizures are to be conducted.
accepting the suggestion, union law minister kapil sibal said it would be added to the legislation.
notwithstanding objections from some of the elders, sibal also made it clear that the prime minister would also come under the purview of lokpal's investigation authority and members of the legislature could not be a member of the lokpal because of conflict of interest.
soon after the bill was passed, prime minister manmohan singh who was sitting in his designated seat, walked up to the law minister and congratulated him.
the bill is scheduled to come in the lok sabha on wednesday.
half a century ago, the administrative reforms commission (arc), in a 1966 report recommended setting up an institution of lokpal at the centre to probe corruption cases.
in order to implement the arc recommendation, the centre introduced eight bills on lokpal in the lok sabha in 1968, 1971, 1977, 1985, 1989, 1996, 1998 and 2001.
but all these bills had lapsed due to the dissolution of the respective lok sabha except in the case of 1985 bill which was withdrawn after its introduction.
but the demand for a lokpal gathered momentum following the agitation by gandhian activist anna hazare and his then associate arvind kejriwal, who spearheaded a nationwide anti-corruption movement, compelling the united progressive alliance government to bring in parliament once again.
initially, there may be some difficulty (in implementing the law), but it will contribute in improving the political process, jaitley said on tuesday opening the debate.
the leader of the opposition and his party colleague ravishankarprasad prasad also demanded passage of citizens charter bill and whistle blower protection bill which are pending with parliament.
sibal said both bills are with parliament at the moment.
in addition, an amendment to the prevention of corruption act, dealing with the bribe givers is also pending in the lok sabha.
new delhi, dec 21, 2015, (pti): 16:04 istcutting across party lines, lawmakers today sought the passage of the amendments to the juvenile justice act at the earliest amidst the clamour over the release of the juvenile convict in the december 16 gangrape case even as bjp and congress traded charges over the delay in clearing of the legislation.
following the supreme court's dismissal of a plea against the release of the juvenile offender, the focus has shifted to the proposed amendments and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the government is ready and very keen to pass this juvenile bill.
we are ready to bring supplementary agenda for this today itself, he said outside parliament.
targeting congress, he added that the bill has been thrice listed in the past for consideration and passage in rajya sabha; however, the house has not been able to run.
because of the opposition, particularly congress, the bill till date has not been passed.
there is concern and outrage in the country, he said while urging the party to facilitate the passage of the bill.
i would appeal to congress to please help in getting the bill passed.
i hope it will cooperate, said prasad.
tmc leader derek o'brien said the various parties should rise above politics and allow the passage of the bill.
the nation wants this bill passed.
in the next two days, parties should rise above politics and pass this bill.
i appeal to the congress party for it, he said.
o'brien asked the government to list the bill as soon as possible, saying that would allow a detailed discussion on the proposed amendments, including the provision allowing for children between 16-18 years to be tried as adults in cases of heinous crime.
we want the government to list this bill as soon as possible.
it should be listed today or tomorrow.
we should discuss this bill for 4-5 hours, move the amendments and pass it before wednesday.
no deliberate delaying tactics on this, the issue is very serious, he said.
but stating that the nirbhaya accused will not be affected even if it (the bill) is passed, congress leader pramod tiwary charged that the government is guilty for the release of the accused and of not being able to pass the bill.
union minister uma bharati said she will appeal to congress president sonia gandhi to allow passage of the bill in the interest of the girls in the country.
i would also tell nirbhaya's parents that the court decision was within the criminal law of the country.
we have to change the law and we are ready to do so.
this is an issue of concern for the country that because he was not 18 years old, he went free, she said.
union minister prakash javadekar blamed the congress for obstructing legislative business and echoed his party colleague prasad in stating that the government had listed the bill, which has already been passed by lok sabha, thrice in rajya sabha during the ongoing session.
there is an obvious anger in the country against the release of the juvenile accused in the nirbhaya case.
the bill was listed three times, but the is congress not allowing the session to work and justice is not being delivered to nirbhaya, he said.
the government is sensitive and has placed the bill before the house.
.
.
but congress was in disruption mode.
we have already shown our willingness and are ready to list it in the supplementary agenda today if they want to pass it.
but they do not want to pass it, they want to disrupt only, he further charged.
cpi(m) leader brinda karat explained that even if the amendments to the act were passed, the new provisions would not apply retrospectively to the juvenile convict in the december 16 gangrape case.
it's wrong thinking that if the amendments in the juvenile justice act are effected then all cases in previous years would be reopened.
the amendments will be discussed by the select committee of rajya sabha, she said questioning those who offered wrong assurances to the parents of the victim in the december 16 case.
congress mp renuka chowdhury wondered who would be held responsible if the convict, who was released and sent to an ngo yesterday, commits an offence in the future.
it's not enough to just say that he was released as per the law.
who will be responsible if he takes any step in future?
she asked.
sp leader ramgopal yadav blamed politics for the delay in the passage of the bill.
the same bill has been listed thrice in the house.
but who has not allowed the bill to pass?
those who are not allowing it to be passed should be blamed for it (release of the juvenile convict), he said.
he added, meanwhile, that probably the bill is coming tomorrow.
when it will come it will be passed.
centre fixes 3g rate, eyes rs 1 lakh crnew delhi, jan 29, 2015, dhns: 2:20 istaiming to garner rs 1 lakh crore from sale of spectrum, the government on wednesday fixed the base price for 3g auction at rs 3,705 crore per mega hertz.
the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendra modi, approved the minimum or auction start price for airwaves in 2,100 mega-hertz band or 3g spectrum, which will garner at least rs 17,555 crore, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here after the meeting.
along with the spectrum in 2,100 mhz band, which is used to offer 3g services, the government will also offer the second generation or 2g mobile airwaves in three different bands in an auction scheduled for march 4.
the auction of these 2g and 3g airwaves could garner rs 82,395 crore at the base or minimum price, sources said.
the government expects the total proceeds to exceed rs 1 lakh crore with possible intense bidding by telecom firms.
earlier, it had approved reserve price for auction of 2g spectrum in 800 mhz, 900 mhz and 1800 mhz bands that at the minimum rate set would get the government rs 64,840 crore.
of these, the government will get rs 16,000 crore from 2g spectrum sale and rs 5,793 crore on 3g airwaves this fiscal and the remainder will flow in later.
this time the reserve price is rs 3,705 crore per mhz for 2100 mhz.
we have taken into account the market potential of this band, he said.
according to sources, the combined proceeds from auction of all the four bands are estimated by the government at over rs 1,00,000 crore making it the biggest ever spectrum sale.
the cabinet had earlier approved a base price of rs 3,646 crore pan-india per mhz in 800 mhz, rs 3,980 crore for 900 mhz band pan india excluding delhi, mumbai, kolkata and j&k and rs 2,191 crore pan india (excluding maharashtra and west bengal) in 1800 mhz band.
prasad said that in 2010 auction of 3g airwaves, rs 700 crore per mhz was determined as the reserve price and in the auction, the government earned rs 3,350 crore per mhz, which was almost eight times the price.
the minister also assured that sufficient radio waves will be made available for the auction.
buoyed by exit polls, bjp prepares for an early holinew delhi/ lucknow, mar 11, 2017, dhns 0:48 istpeople playing special faganiya football match on the occasion of holi festival in bikaner on friday.
pti photothe bjp was in a celebratory mood on friday as its leaders expected an early holi for the party when the assembly poll results for uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, punjab, goa and manipur are declared on saturday.
bjp sources said the top leadership was confident of forming the government in up, uttarakhand and goa and the party's ashoka road headquarters was ready with sweets, colours and firecrackers to celebrate the poll outcome.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad summed up the mood in the party and central government when he said at a function in patna, we will play holi tomorrow which will be kesariya holi, alluding to the saffron surge he expected from the polls.
in lucknow, the uttar pradesh bjp headquarters was also being decked up for celebrations.
''it will be an early holi for us,'' said bjp leader vijay bahadur pathak.
state bjp president keshav prasad maurya said the party will fare ''better'' than what was being predicted in the exit polls.
maurya even invited journalists to the party office to taste the 'gujhia', the sweet traditionally prepared for holi.
a meeting of the state party leaders will be held at the party office on saturday evening to discuss the results, sources said.
in contrast, samajwadi party, congress and bahujan samaj party offices in the state capital wore a deserted look with hardly any senior functionary in sight.
their leaders, however, said they were optimistic about their performance in the polls.
''the exit polls will again be proved wrong.
.
.
we have seen that happen in bihar assembly polls.
we are heading for a comfortable majority,'' said sp leader rajendra chaudhary.
of the eight exit polls aired on thursday, six said the bjp will be the single largest party but it will fall short of numbers to clear the 202 majority mark in uttar pradesh.
govt plans to transform india post into a multi-service agencynew delhi, nov 16, 2014, (pti): 11:40 istaiming to leverage technology to provide cost-effective and innovative solutions, the government is planning to equip india post to handle not only savings and insurance services, but also payments and data registration.
with the world's largest postal network, india post has about 1.
55 lakh post offices spread across the country.
on an average, a post office serves an area of 21.
21 sq km and a population of 7,175 people.
the government is planning to utilise the huge resources at the disposal of india post to provide cost-effective and innovative solutions to the citizens like financial services using digital connectivity, a source said.
the task force is already in consultation with related ministries on how to best use these resources.
already there are plans to roll out hand-held devices and related software to post offices on a pan-india basis from october 2016, the source said.
the idea behind the exercise is to enable the postman in rural areas to provide a plethora of services like savings and insurance, normal postal operations and also value added services like accepting payments of various services as well as registration of data, the source added.
prime minister narendra modi has set up a task force to leverage the postal network in india to enhance the role of india posts in financial inclusion, among other services and is expected to submit its report by year-end.
the task force includes the department of posts secretary kavery banerjee, telecom secretary rakesh garg, department of electronics and it secretary r s sharma, rural development secretary l c goyal and former sebi chairman g n bajpai.
former cabinet secretary tsr subramanian is the chairman of the task force.
communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has on various occasions said india post with its unparallelled rural reach is best suited to offer delivery services to e-commerce players.
already, the west bengal circle of the postal department has approached various industrial bodies with a plan to create an online marketplace for the local traders.
the just-concluded winter session has marked a new low in the sanctity of parliamentary democracy.
the truncated 12-day session that concluded on january 5 has been the shortest in recent history.
parliament used to sit 120-plus days till a few years ago, but the number of sittings has since plummeted and last year the house sat for less than 70 days.
the budget session begins on january 29, leaving a gap of only 15 working days between the winter and budget sessions for parliamentary committees to scrutinise and fine-tune bills.
the first phase of the budget session will conclude on february 9 and after roughly 24 days recess for standing committees to examine the demand for grants of various ministries, will resume on march 5 and conclude on april 6.
the triple talaq bill, which seeks to make instant divorce a criminal offence, was cleared by the lok sabha, but hit the rajya sabha wall, with the opposition demanding its scrutiny by a select committee.
the house was adjourned sine die without passing the triple talaq bill and the crucial lokpal law.
while the government was in a tearing hurry to push the talaq law, it showed no interest in clearing the lokpal bill languishing in the lower house since 2014.
the congress wanted to raise the issue of an alleged scam involving bjp president amit shah's son and the questionable rafale fighter deal.
however, the government thwarted the congress move by delaying the winter session till gujarat had voted.
post-gujarat poll, the congress did not pursue either matter in parliament.
the gujarat election was an alibi for pruning and postponing the session as the prime minister, nearly 50 union ministers and some 120-odd mps were drafted for campaigning.
the new trend of the prime minister being the star campaigner in state elections and almost the entire cabinet following him bodes ill for parliamentary democracy.
prime ministers ordinarily address, at the most, four or five rallies in a state election.
but modi changed the rules of the game.
critics say that by squeezing sessions, the government ensures that many critical but unpalatable issues are not raised in parliament; this questionable tactic emanated from gujarat.
the complexion of the rajya sabha has since undergone major changes, with bjp emerging the largest party while the opposition ranks stand depleted.
the house will miss stalwarts like sharad yadav, mayawati and sitaram yechury, all ceased to be members from the winter session.
though yechury has a chance to return to the house via kerala in april, it looks unlikely because of the factional feud in the cpm.
kerala comrades are said to be pushing the candidature of a political novice, son of the state jd-s chief, for the upper house berth.
if that happens, not only the cpm, but the opposition will lose a powerful anti-bjp voice in the house.
the bjp now has 58 members in the upper house and the congress 57.
the nda as a whole has 121 members in the 245-member house.
by july, the bjp's strength will rise to 65.
save ghulam nabi azad, the opposition also does not have good political minds in the upper house.
on friday, veteran karan singh retired after a 40-year parliamentary stint; later this month, the terms of janardan dwivedi and parvez hashmi will end.
in contrast, the bjp has bolstered its position by inducting many heavyweights, including its powerful party president amit shah.
another unsavoury feature that marked the session was that the pm became the cause for disruption.
the congress stalled the house for a week demanding an apology from modi for his insinuation against former pm manmohan singh.
after a week, the pm outsourced the apology part to arun jaitley, who deftly clarified that modi did not intend to question the integrity of his predecessor.
jaitley's statement doused the house fire and normalcy returned, but only till caste clashes erupted in maharashtra and the government attempted to steamroll the triple talaq bill.
if a magnanimous modi had clarified his comments earlier, parliament could have salvaged at least five working days lost in the standoff.
all eyes on pollsthe party has not been able to explain why it is in such a hurry to pass the triple talaq law and why it is avoiding the select committee that could have addressed congress's reservations on the criminality clause.
if a husband (breadwinner) is lodged in prison as punishment, who will provide financial support to his wife and children?
critics suspect that the bjp may want the issue to linger until the karnataka elections and that is why it was not ready for any amendments or the select committee scrutiny.
exposing the bjp's political calculations behind the bill, an array of senior party leaders, including union ministers arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, ananth kumar and mukhtar abbas naqvi accused the congress of being pro-clerics and sabotaging the rights of muslim women.
such was the bjp's desperation to paint congress as anti-muslim women that the treasury benches disrupted the proceedings with even senior cabinet ministers standing up and leading the ruckus to drive home their point that only bjp cared for the rights of muslim women.
ishrat jahan, one of the five petitioners in the case, has since joined bjp and the party is planning to use her in west bengal to woo muslim women voters.
though the bjp did not field a single muslim candidate in the up election, post poll, chief minister adityanath inducted a shia as minister and appointed another shia as chairman of the state minorities' commission.
is the bjp plotting to divide muslim society along gender lines after attempting to drive a wedge between shia and sunni muslim sects?
if so, it will hardly serve the interests of the minority community.
committee to submit a report on net neutrality by may 9new delhi, apr 13, 2015, (pti) 17:48 istamid a raging debate on providing equal internet access to all, the government has set up an expert panel to look into the issues of net neutrality and a report on the matter is expected in a month's time.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said telecom sector regulator trai is holding wide consultations on the issue and its report is also awaited.
trai is undertaking a consultation on the issue of net neutrality.
trai being an advisory body, their advice is certainly entitled to our respect, which i am awaiting, prasad told reporters here.
net neutrality implies equal treatment be accorded to all internet traffic and no priority should be given to any person or entity or company based on payment, which is seen as discriminatory.
prasad further said: way back in january itself, i have also constituted a committee headed by senior government officials of the telecom ministry to give me a report on the whole gamut of net neutrality objective, its benefits, advantages and limitations including the regulatory and technical issues.
i have asked them to give me a report by the second week of may after the widest consultation possible including online to help government come to an informed decision on this issue.
since i am awaiting these reports, it will not be proper for me to make any comment.
net neutrality, an widely debated issue globally, has in the past few days caught india's attention with politicians, corporate leaders and film stars taking to social media sites such as twitter and facebook to debate on the issue.
net neutrality gained national attention after internet activists and experts flagged telecom giant bharti airtel 'airtel zero'.
airtel zero is an open marketing platform that allows customers to access a variety of mobile applications for free, with the data charges being paid by start-ups and large companies.
social media saw a huge debate on airtel zero with experts and free internet advocates saying that the product violates principles of net neutrality.
also over the last few months, operators like reliance communications and uninor have tied up with players like facebook, whatsapp and wikipedia to offer free usage to consumers.
prasad added that internet is one of the finest creations of the human mind and it is a property of the entire human race and not of any country or society.
internet to become entirely global should have a link to local and when we talk of digital inclusion it must be available to the underprivileged and on the margins, prasad added.
new delhi, nov 9, 2015 (pti) 21:53 istsulking bjp mp shatrughan sinha today claimed the bihar poll results could have been different for his party had he been projected as the chief ministerial candidate.
i am not bragging, but i do feel that when the darling (laadla) of bihar people, the dhartiputra (son of the soil) and the original 'bihari babu' was deliberately sidelined, it definitely had an impact on my supporters and fans.
i can't say how much difference it could have been, but i can definitely say, some difference would have been there.
we could have definitely got more seats than what we got, he told rajat sharma in 'aaj ki baat' (rpt) 'aaj ki baat' programme on india tv, according to a press release issued by the channel.
asked whether he was unhappy for not being made a minister at the centre, he said,these are all stale dialogues, planted by vested interests.
some people grabbed too many posts, they started saying i am unhappy because i was not made a minister.
sinha said, you don't get feathers of gold on you when you become a minister, but yes, when i was not made a minister, my fans, supporters, my relatives, friends and my voters began thinking why was i not made a minister.
what was my sin?
was my performance not good as a health minister, or whether i did not perform well in the shipping ministry.
he said, i know, and i console them by saying it is prime minister's prerogative to select a minister.
i am not challenging his wisdom, but simultaneously i console them, if not today, tomorrow (may be i become a minister).
on his name not figuring in the posters and banners during bihar polls, he said, several times they (supporters, fans) felt i was being deliberately sidelined, for some particular reason, on which i will not speak much.
the patna sahib mp also did not approve of making the prime minister the sole campaigner for the party but said, had he not campaigned the bjp would not even have got the seats it won.
is it the right method?
could we not lessen the prime minister's burden?
could we not been brought to the front?
but why, i think you know the reason better, he said, seeking accountability being fixed and action taken against those responsible for the defeat.
hitting out at the party leadership for inducting leaders from outside to micromanage the campaign in bihar, he said they were brought in from punjab, maharashtra and delhi, who were completely out of touch with grassroots workers and ground reality, who did not understand the caste equations here.
sinha said, these people stationed here for months together, so much money, talent and energy were spent, and what was the result?
.
.
.
we do not learn from the earlier defeat in delhi.
it showed desperation.
we lost badly and that makes me sad.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said controversial remark on caste reservation by rss chief mohan bhagwat and the raging beef controversy had nothing to do with the election debacle faced by bjp in bihar.
it was a big defeat, which was completely unexpected, he told the channel.
asked if bjp was put on the defensive by bhagwat's remark during polls, prasad said, that is being unnecessarily hyped.
i do not agree.
they were making it an issue at the lower level, but later it was clarified both by the rss and the prime minister.
it was not such a big issue.
he said, but i agree it is a big defeat for us, which have faced after a long time in bihar.
more than a year back we had an emphatic win in bihar during the lok sabha elections.
we had also won in elections before that, but this time we are back to our position during the nineties.
patna, nov 8 , 2014, (pti) 17:11 istthe central government has decided to set up business process outsourcing (bpo) centres in small towns across the country to boost their economic development, union minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said here today.
i have directed my officials to formulate guidelines regarding establishing bpo centres in small towns and cities across india like gorakhpur, ghazipur, sagar and similar places in bihar, odisha and west bengal, prasad said.
tax exemptions would be provided under the new guidelines for bpos and the process for opening them would be liberalised, he said, adding this would be done adhering to bjp's lok sabha poll manifesto to focus on the development of eastern and northeastern region.
pitching for eight to 10 bpos in patna, he said proper power and connectivity would be needed for such projects.
prasad was addressing a gathering after laying the foundation stone of an incubation facility at the software technology park (stp).
it would cost rs 10 crore, and would be ready in 18 months.
the minister sought more stps in different parts of bihar and said the central government wanted to open them at bhagalpur and darbhanga.
he requested chief minister jitan ram manjhi, who was also at the dais, to provide land for it.
manjhi, on his part, said the state government was ready to provide land for stps at bhagalpur and darbhanga engineering colleges.
expressing happiness at this, prasad said if the state government provides land, his ministry would open branches of national institute of electronics and information technology (nielit) at muzaffarpur and buxar in the state.
the union minister also talked about setting up of an electronic cluster on the outskirts of patna so that big electronic companies like lg and samsung come to bihar to manufacture their products.
electronic clusters are coming in other parts of the country.
i request the chief minister here to give 50 acres near patna for the purpose as it has an airport.
we will develop an electronic cluster there.
it will attract investment.
the state will develop, prasad added.
the stp at patna exported software worth rs 10 crore in 2013-14 and the minister said he was not satisfied as the exports should quickly increase to rs 100 crore.
speaking on the occasion, manjhi said there was scarcity of land due to high population density in bihar, but the state government would arrange for it when needed as it would provide employment to more people.
we gave 5 acres for the patna stp.
more will be given when needed.
the state government will cooperate with the centre, will not allow any difficulty to come in between and help establish bihar on the it map of india, manjhi said.
he said all districts would have wi-fi zones like patna, where the state it department has created a 20 km long wi-fi zone, considered among the biggest ones in the world.
bihar has used it to a large extent in governance, but somehow investments have not come in this sector due to one reason or other.
i request the state government to study the it policies of states like andhra pradesh, tamil nadu and karnataka to find out how they have excelled in this field, senior bjp leader and former deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi said.
ministry is watching ringing bells: prasadnew delhi, feb 24, 2016, dhns: 0:29 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said the government is monitoring ringing bells and will take action if the company fails to deliver the rs 251 smartphone.
the ministry enquired how prepared they (ringing bells) are, whether they can provide a smartphone for rs 251 or not.
whether they have the bis certificate or not, we have spoken to them, prasad told reporters here.
the minister added that this was done to ensure that there are no discrepancies later.
if there is any, we will take action as per law.
our department is keeping a watch, he said.
noida-based ringing bells last week unveiled what is being touted as the worlds cheapest smartphone.
however, concerns have been raised by the industry over the feasibility of a 3g smartphone at such a low price.
govt to finalise new penalty rule for telcosnew delhi, jan 05, 2016, dhns: 0:51 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said the government will soon finalise new penalty rule for telecom operators.
the inter-ministerial panel of telecom commission in march 2014 had approved of a new penalty scheme with five slabs ranging from rs 1 lakh to rs 50 crore for violation of norms by mobile operators.
but they are yet to be notified.
under the proposed scheme of penalty, fines start with a warning that invite a penalty of rs 1 lakh for minor violation and move up in line with severity at rs 1 crore, rs 5 crore, rs 20 crore and rs 50 crore.
the minister said the rule will be put in place very soon.
new delhi, mar 5, 2015, (pti) : 22:00 istterming the broadcast of the controversial interview of a delhi gang-rape case convict as an insult of womanhood, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said that the country is hurt by the documentary.
prasad, the union minister of communications and information technology, said a criminal who has been awarded death sentence by the court should not have been provided a space on international forum in the name of research.
a criminal who has been awarded death sentence by the court is today being provided a space on international forum in the name of research to justify (that) the rape committed by him is right and to suggest that women should take care of themselves.
.
.
which is an insult of womanhood, prasad said.
the minister also said that the country is hurt by this documentary.
this (telecast of the convict's interview) is like cruel and ugly.
in this case, there was a court order, but as bbc is an international known-organisation, how much is it right to telecast interview, i leave it (bbc) on its discretion.
.
.
but the country is hurt due to bbc, prasad said.
upset over bbc broadcasting the controversial interview, the centre has served a legal notice on the british media giant even as it asked video sharing website youtube to remove the documentary as it is very sensitive.
in the notice, the government told bbc that it has violated the agreement of not using the documentary for commercial purpose and for this the british media giant was liable for legal action.
nda did away with upa's 'jhooth, loot ki sarkarnew delhi, may 21 (pti) 16:57 istdays ahead of marking its first year in office, nda government today strongly rebutted the opposition's charge that it was anti-poor and asserted that the narendra modi dispensation believed in growth and social justice and had ended crony capitalism which was rife under upa's tenure.
telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said brokers are no longer seen in the corridors of government offices since the bjp-led government entered office about a year ago while claiming that they had called the shots under upa rule when party leaders sent chits to ministers to influence decision- making.
taking part in an event organised by news channel aaj tak, senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad accused the government of self-glorification and said it gave an impression that whatever it was doing, including the foreign tours of the prime minister, was happening for the first time.
noting that not a single union minister had attended the function to mark the death anniversary of former prime minister rajiv gandhi, the leader of opposition in rajya sabha termed it shameful.
asked if modi allowed ministers a say in the cabinet and in their functioning, chemicals and fertilisers minister ananth kumar said nothing could be further from the truth than the accusation that the prime minister centralised powers.
kumar insisted that modi encourages them to come up with new ideas and discuss issues thoroughly.
trying to turn the tables on the congress over its suit boot ki sarkar jibe at the government, kumar said the upa dispensation was a jhooth, loot ki sarkar (government of lies and loot) while bjp rule was scam-free and honest.
pointing at social security schemes launched by the centre, he said the opposition's propaganda that nda was anti- farmer was an attempt to spread disinformation and its impact was superficial.
at the ground level, people are with the policies of the modi government, he said.
prasad said the government would be setting up call centres in smaller towns like bhagalpur, deoria and chhapra to provide employment to youths.
this country has seen politics over giving away 'roti' to people (poor) but not how to increase the number of rotis.
this is what we are trying to do so that rotis can be distributed easily, he said, adding, we need investment as well as social justice.
india needs affordable healthcare: prasadnew delhi, nov 4, 2014, (ians) 20:09 istindia needs to have a good network of hospitals which are affordable to common man, minister for communication and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said tuesday.
one of the most important challenges today is to provide good healthcare.
it has to be affordable also, he said at the release of a commemorative stamp to celebrate the 15th anniversary of india's first successful liver transplant at apollo hospitals here.
the first successful pediatric and adult liver transplants in india were performed at apollo hospitals in new delhi in 1998.
sanjay kandaswamy, a two-year-old boy from kancheepuram, was the first child to receive a successful liver transplant nov 15, 1998, with his father as the donor.
prasad said: this is in recognition of the extraordinary talent of people in healthcare in india.
the success of the transplant programme is one such stellar example of the quality of our doctors and the innovation they have brought in this field, he added.
the minister said that it was important to see how to encourage organ donation and stop racketeering in organ trade in india.
prathap c. reddy, chairman of apollo hospitals, said: within the span of these 15 years, approximately 4,500 liver transplants have been performed in india.
anupam sibal, group medical director, senior pediatric gastro-enterologist and hepatologist at apollo hospitals, said: today is a special day for all of us.
the journey that we started in 1998 has culminated in hundreds of lives being saved.
mumbai, jan 10, 2016 (pti) 18:17 istcountering the claim of congress leader manish tewari that news report on the controversial 2012 troop movement was true, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the army had already denied the report when the upa was in power.
the army denied (the media report) in 2012 itself when the upa government was in power, the senior bjp leader told reporters here.
it is an unwritten rule of parliamentary etiquette that you don't disclose what is talked about inside the parliamentary committee, the telecom minister said.
replying to a question at a book release function in new delhi yesterday, tewari had said, at that point of time i used to serve in the standing committee on defence.
and it's unfortunate, but the story was true.
story was correct.
tewari, who was minister of state for information and broadcasting in the upa government between october 2012 and may 2014, said, i am not getting into an argument.
all i am saying is that to the best of my knowledge that story was correct.
when the alleged incident took place, the congress-led upa government was in power and the then army chief v k singh, who denied ordering any illegal troop movement, is now the minister of state for external affairs in the narendra modi government.
according to the report, central intelligence agencies had reported that on the night of january 16, 2012 there was an unexpected - and non-notified - movement by a key military unit from mechanised infantry based in hisar in the direction of the capital.
on the same night, another unit - identified as a large element of the 50th para brigade based at agra - had also been moved towards delhi, according to the newspaper report.
to a query on ram temple at ayodhya, prasad said, it is part of our manifesto.
the matter is in supreme court.
let's await its decision.
there has to be a consensus in the society and matter can be resolved through dialogue, the minister said.
postal dept's payment bank from march 2017: prasadnew delhi, dec 29, 2015, dhns 1:41 isttelecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said india post will launch its payment bank by march 2017.
as many as 40 international financial conglomerates, including the world bank and the barclays, have shown interest to partner with postal department for the payment bank, prasad said on the sidelines of an event on good governance.
we will start the postal payment bank by march 2017, the minister said.
the reserve bank granted in-principle approval to 11 applicants, including postal department, in august to set up payments banks.
rahman, chiru take oath in rsnew delhi, april 24, 2012, dhns: 23:49 istpolitical heavy-weights like former uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati and leader of the opposition arun jaitley, telegu matinee idol chiranjeevi and former india hockey captain dileep tirkey were among 50 new rajya sabha members who took oath on tuesday.
other bigwigs include union cabinet minister vilas rao deshmukh and rajiv shukla, former deputy chairpersons of the upper house k rehman khan and najma heptullah; film actress and samajwadi party member jaya bhaduri and businessman rajiv chandrasekhar, who established telecom major bpl.
prime minister manmohan singh who sat through almost an hour-long proceedings.
chairman hamid ansari greeted everybody and welcomed them to the upper house.
members like rehman khan (kannada), tapan sen (bengali), deshmukh (marathi) and shadi lal batra (punjabi), took the oath in their mother tongue.
others preferred hindi and english.
najma heptullah, who was elected on bjp ticket from madhya pradesh, took oath in urdu.
as heptullah moved towards the mike when her name was called, union agriculture minister sharad pawar remarked she was a true nationalist, having being elected to rajya sabha from rajasthan, maharasthra and madhya pradesh.
jaitley, re-elected from gujarat, was the first to take the oath.
former uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati possibly received the maximum attention.
she was greeted by leaders from all political parties even before the house met.
other new facesother prominent new members include renuka chaudhary, s jaipal reddy and satyavrat chaturvedi from the congress and m venkaiah naidu, ravishankarprasad prasad and vinay katiyar of the bjp.
an interesting new face would be kiranmany nanda (sp) who was a fisheries minister in the left front government in west bengal for decades and was the only dedicated fisheries minister in the country for a very long time.
chennai/new delhi, jan 20, 2017 (pti) 19:13 isttamil nadu and the centre today worked feverishly to bring out an ordinance for ensuring jallikattu soon as a general strike brought the state to a standstill and tens of thousands of protesters on marina beach and elsewhere refused to relent until the sport is held.
the state continued to be on the edge on the fifth day of the protest by students, youths and other sections demanding immediate staging of the traditional bull-taming sport in alanganallur, epicentre of the of jallikattu, and other places.
they said they welcome the efforts to promulgate an ordinance for allowing the sport but they would not withdraw the agitation until the event is held.
tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam, who stayed back in the national capital yesterday after his meeting with prime minister narendra modi, announced in the morning that the state government would issue an ordinance in a day or two to allow jallikattu.
a draft of the ordinance has already been given to the union home ministry for getting president's consent after which the governor would issue it.
after getting the assent of president pranab mukherjee tomorrow, an ordinance will be promulgated by our governor to amend the prevention of cruelty to animals act, he said on his arrival in chennai.
he said legal steps would be taken to remove all obstacles in the way of holding the sport.
home minister rajnath singh, on whom a large delegation of aiadmk mps called, environment minister anil dave and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad gave assurances of early steps by the centre to resolve the issue soon.
parallely, attorney general mukul rohatgi told the supreme court that the centre was in talks with tamil nadu to find a way out in the matter after which the court agreed not to pass judgement for a week on the jallikattu issue.
with the centre drawing flak, bjp sought to project that its government was actively engaged in resolving the issue.
the law minister said he has held discussions with bjp president amit shah on the issue, while union minister pon radhakrishnan and tamil nadu bjp chief tamilisai soundarajan flanked dave when he met the media.
though political parties have been kept away from the 'youth uprising', main opposition party dmk staged state-wide rail roko agitation, with its working president mk stalin leading the protests by squatting on tracks in mambalam.
stalin and kanimozhi besides many dmk workers were arrested.
stalin has also announced that he will observe a day long fast tomorrow.
the call for general strike by various trade unions including those affiliated to dmk and the left parties besides section of traders bodies led to a shutdown with shops and business establishments downing shutters and schools and colleges remaining closed across the state.
the tamil film industry expressed solidarity with jallikattu supporters, with top actors and actresses joining a silent protest.
film shootings were suspended for the day.
superstar rajinikanth, actors ajit kumar, surya, siva karthikeyan besides actress trisha, who had faced flak from the pro-jallikattu groups for her perceived opposition to the sport by reportedly being associated with peta, joined the silent protest.
autos and call taxis kept off the roads even as few government buses plied on the roads.
banking operations took a hit with workers taking part in protests.
employees of various it companies held placards and banners with slogans against ngo people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta).
many inter and intra-state trains were fully and partially cancelled while some others were diverted.
the suburban emu services ran late.
in chennai, all roads led to marina beach with men and women, clad in black, besides children joining the protest that has transcended political and other differences.
the chief minister's announcement that he himself will flag off jallikattu failed to cut any ice with the protesters.
youths in large numbers arrived in a continuous stream on motorcycles and cars via several adjoining roads and converged on the already heavily crowded kamarajar salai.
a police constable attached to armed police reserve, maya azaghu, was cheered lustily after he extended his support to the cause at the marina.
as the constable in uniform spoke on the microphone extending his support, the youngsters, who have been camping there for the past four days, clapped for him.
meanwhile, the chennai police lauded the agitating youth at marina, saying they maintained extraordinary calm and peace for the past few days.
they have cooperated with the police in maintaining free flow of traffic on kamarajar salai.
the youth are requested not to believe any rumours being circulated in social media relating to any police action, chennai city police said on its social networking page.
cinema theatres have suspended screening of films from dawn to dusk in the state.
textile traders at erode hoisted black flags atop their shops even as they downed shutters.
in coimbatore, a student attempted suicide but was rescued by others, police said.
the student climbed atop a tree and put a rope around his neck during a protest, but some students foiled his bid and brought him down.
a group of people at thirumalayampalayam burnt the effigy of peta, slamming it for its anti-jallikattu stand.
the villagers took out a funeral procession of the effigy and set it on fire, police said.
with roads wearing almost a deserted look, five to six bullock-driven carts were seen at saibaba colony on mettupalayam road in the city, in a symbolic observation of 'rekla race'.
about 2,000 dmk workers, including district functionaries and former ministers, were arrested when they attempted to stage rail roko at city railway station.
nearly 100 students, who attempted to picket the central telegraph office and post office, were removed from the spot, police said.
the strike call evoked a good response in south tamil nadu with almost all shops and commercial establishments remaining closed.
farmers, doctors, lawyers and other professionals too joined the pro-jallikattu strike and protests.
some pilgrims from andhra pradesh and bihar were stranded in rameswaram island as the early morning passenger train they were scheduled to board did not run.
fishermen from ramanathapuram, nagapattinam and kaniyakumari, amomg others, staged protests.
in almost all the southern districts, private transport, including cars and autorickshaws were off the roads, and in several places hotels and restaurants remained closed.
new delhi, aug 9, 2015 (ians) 15:05 istin a bid to address the annoying problem of call drops and optimise usage of scarce spectrum, the state-run bharat sanchar nigam ltd (bsnl) has started talks with five telecom firms for intra-circle roaming, its chairman and managing director anupam shrivastava has said.
shrivastava, however, said nothing concrete had been planned thus far on the issue of sharing and trading of airwaves, also called spectrum, since the government's norms on this subject were still awaited.
regarding intra-circle roaming, we are in touch with five private operators -- bharti airtel, reliance jio, vodafone india, reliance communications and uninor.
while some of them approached us, we approached the others, the chairman told ians in an interview at his office.
some tests are going on with all the five companies.
after this, we will have to enter into some mutual agreement with them.
within a month or two, we should be in a position to get into some kind of agreement, he added.
intra-circle roaming pacts help companies optimise on their allotted radio frequency spectrum by sharing this scarce resource within a telecom circle -- which in the case of india is generally co-terminus with a state, as also some key cities.
for example, while travelling within a circle, the subscriber of one operator can hook on to the network of another service provider depending on whose signal is stonger in that area.
this also helps in better network and infrastructure planning among the telecom operators.
shrivastava said the main beneficiary of such pacts will be the customers.
with intra-circle roaming agreements, since spectrum is shared, the service quality improves.
in addition, it lowers infrastructure costs also.
the network management is better.
in the end, all this benefits the customer, he added.
during the interview, the bsnl chairman also sought to allay apprehensions that the state-run company -- which has the best coverage when it comes to some remote areas of the country -- was seeking such a pact with just a single company.
responding to a letter from the cellular operators' association of india (coai) to communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, as also to the bsnl chief, shrivastava said the worries were misplaced as no private operator was being favoured.
we are made to understand that a commercial offer for icr (intra-circle roaming) is being made to a particular operator and an agreement may be imminent, the letter said.
we request that our member operators should be given equal opportunity to participate and enter into such arrangements with bsnl to conform to the 'equality principle' contained in article 14 of the constitution of india and also to meet the doctrine of 'level playing field'.
a similar concern was expressed over spectrum trading and sharing.
shrivastava said his response will come through the company's administrative ministry.
but at the same time, he denied any move towards exclusive pact with a single operator.
regarding spectrum trading and sharing, the matter is too far fetched, he said.
there are no guidelines on spectrum sharing and trading in india.
the question does not arise.
bsnl bid for spectrum for 3g and broadband wireless access (bwa) services, while for others, the company got airwaves through non-competitive way.
these are in 900 mhz, 1800 mhz and 800 mhz range.
speaking to ians, coai director general rajan s. mathews said the association was yet to receive a response on their concerns from the department of telecom.
bsnl has significant under-utilised spectrum.
we heard they were planning intra-circle roaming pact with some operators, he said.
we just wanted the process to be transparent.
their offer should be open to all our members.
mumbai, jan 10, 2016 (pti) 16:18 istasserting the government's stand on non-discriminatory access to internet, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the issue of net neutrality is being debated by trai and its report is awaited, following which a final view will be taken.
the issue of net neutrality is being debated by the trai (telecom regulatory authority of india) and we have to await the trai report.
thereafter, the government will take its structured view, prasad told reporters here.
amid a raging debate on providing equal internet access to all, the government had last year set up an expert panel to look into the issues of net neutrality.
net neutrality implies that equal treatment be accorded to all internet traffic and no priority be given to an entity or company based on payment to content or service providers, such as telecom companies, which is seen as discriminatory.
i have told the parliament that internet is the finest creation of human mind.
it must remain as a privilege and not become monopoly of the rich.
also, non-discriminatory access of internet shall be given, he said.
noting that a detailed report is being awaited from trai, prasad said decisions would be based on fair consultations with all concerned stakeholders.
we (the government) respect the freedom of social media and have larger commitment to non-discriminatory access, he added.
biometric data of 99 cr indians collected; data encrypted:govtnew delhi, mar 11, 2016 (pti) 17:32 istbiometric data of about 99 crore indians have been collected so far under aadhar scheme and the data is encrypted and its secrecy and security ensured, the rajya sabha was informed today.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad also set aside fears of members on the data collected under aadhar and said it is sorted within the country at data centres in bangalore and manesar and no foreign agency is involved in data collection.
today we have got 99 crore indians on aadhar.
in case of direct benefit transfer scheme, rs 15,000 crore was saved and in case of pds, rs 2,346 crore was saved in four states.
as far as privacy part is concerned, i want to assure this house that under the architecture which was started by your government, all the care has been taken to ensure its privacy, he said during question hour.
he said as far as the legislation in this regard is concerned, the house will get the occasion to examine it and there are privacy provisions in it.
as far as i can recall, the core biometerics cannot be shared even with the consent with its owner, he said, adding that all apprehensions will be allayed when it comes up before the house.
the bill is pending before the lok sabha.
prasad said as of now, the issue of challenge to aadhar is pending before a constitution bench of the supreme court which had passed certain interim orders.
thereafter, the authority and many other bodies went (to it) and supreme court has permitted invoking the benefits through the aadhar platform for a variety of services including mnrega.
it only will create an enabling atmosphere through the platform of aadhar, depending upon how you choose the particular service to be delivered by various government departments, he said.
as regards the agency which undertakes the data collection, there is a three-tier architecture - first the state government, public sector banks and the common service centre.
no agency linked to any foreign agency is there in this, prasad said, adding that once the biometrics is collected, it gets encrypted immediately and its sanctity is maintained.
there are nearly 99 crore data (which have been collected) and no allegations have come that my knowledge that the biometrics have been sought to be abused or it has been pilfered, he said.
i-t raids in benami land deal case linked to lalu prasadpress trust of india, new delhi, may 16 2017, 10:33 istlalu's official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
the income tax department today conducted raids and surveys on at least 22 locations in delhi and adjoining areas on charges of alleged benami deals worth rs 1,000 crore linked to rjd chief lalu prasad and others.
officials said the department began raiding the premises of some prominent businessmen and real estate agents in delhi, gurgaon, rewari and few others since early morning.
the searches are also being conducted at the premises of the son of rjd mp p c gupta and few other businessmen.
while raids are being conducted at a dozen locations, ten other official premises are being surveyed by the i-t department, they said.
people and businessmen connected to the land deal involving lalu prasad and his family are being searched.
there are allegations of benami deals worth about rs 1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, a senior official said.
a team of about 100 tax department officials and police personnel are conducting the raids, they said.
the bjp had last week accused prasad, his mp-daughter misa bharti and his two sons, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo as they date back to the period when lalu prasad was the railway minister, and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumarto take action against him.
lalus rjd is a constituent of bihars ruling coalition led by kumar.
his sons tejashwi yadav and tej pratap yadav are ministers in the government.
lalus official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
several suspect land deals took place in bihar, he said, wondering if kumar would invoke a special law enacted by his government in which assets acquired through illicit money are confiscated in this instance.
the politics of lalu prasad has become politics of loot.
land worth crores of rupees was grabbed for a pittance, he had said.
one such land deal involving lalu prasad and his family members is in bijwasan in delhi, he said.
we expect the central government to take appropriate action, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
all the companies owned by lalu prasads family members for the purpose of these land transactions had no employees, no business activities and no turnover, ravishankarprasad prasad had claimed.
bihar's biggest shopping mall spread over 7.
5 lakh square feet is coming up in patna as part of such dubious transactions, he had alleged at a news conference held here.
judges suspect their phone tapped: kejriwalnovember 01, 2016, new delhi, dhns 1:39 istjudges are jittery as they fear the centre is snooping on their phone conversations, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal said on monday.
the aam aadmi party leader made the sensational charge at the golden jubilee celebrations of the delhi high court.
he said he had overheard judges talking about being under surveillance.
the audience comprised prime minister narendra modi, ministers, chief justice of india t s thakur, judicial officers and bureaucrats.
the charge was soon refuted by union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
i wish to deny with all the authority at my command that the phones of judges have been tapped in india at all, he said.
prasad declared the independence of the judiciary was fundamental, unimpeachable and uncompromising as far as the government was concerned.
the prime minister and others in the cabinet, he said, had fought during the emergency for the cause of judicial independence, individual liberty and freedom of the media.
the rebuttal came in the presence of modi.
kejriwal had said he overheard judges telling each other that they should not talk on phones because they could be tapped.
he subsequently clarified, i dont know whether it is true or not, but there is widespread fear.
if it is true that phones are tapped, then judges can be influenced.
.
.
justice thakur called for upholding judicial ethics, and cautioned any aberration could bring disrepute to the entire system.
litigate less, pm tells govtprime minister narendra modi on monday pitched for reducing the burden on the judiciary, days after the supreme court slammed the centre for unduly delaying judicial appointments.
since the government is the biggest litigant, the load can be brought down if a considered view is taken before cases are filed, he said.
the government figures in about 46  of all cases in indian courts.
modi's ministers to criss-cross the globenew delhi, sep 11, 2016 (pti) 19:40 istministers of the modi government will criss-cross the globe in the next three months as part of an outreach programme that will cover 68 countries to achieve the target of nda ministers having visited all the 192 nations with which india has diplomatic relations.
home minister rajnath singh will travel to hungary, which is among the countries not visited by any minister in the modi government.
apart from singh, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will visit estonia and latvia and chemical and fertiliser affairs minister ananth kumar will be heading to tongo, while bjp ally lok janshakti party leader and food minister ram vilas paswan has been assigned to travel to mauritius.
the entire exercise is likely to be over by the year end.
noting that by 2016-end, the government will not leave any country where indian ministers have not gone, external affairs minister sushma swaraj, in letters to the ministers, said her ministry has identified 68 nations yet to be visited by them.
she has also conveyed that all the interactions in the visiting countries will be arranged by the respective ambassadors and, in case a minister was interested in visiting certain places in those countries, their itinerary will be made accordingly.
the aim of the visits, which is part of government's massive outreach programme, is to enhance bilateral ties and explore areas of cooperation, official sources said.
the union cabinet discussed the issue of sky-rocketing prices of petrol and diesel and said that a plan is being worked to control the frequent fuel price volatility but stopped short of giving an immediate relief to consumers.
briefing reporters after the cabinet meeting, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the government is planning to take a long-term view on how to give relief to customers.
the government is keen that instead of having an ad hoc measure, it may be desirable to have a long-term view which addresses not only the volatility but also takes care of the unnecessary ambiguity arising out of frequent ups and downs.
that process is underway, he said.
sources in the finance ministry said a re 1 cut in petrol prices drains the exchequer by an estimated rs 13,000 crore and the government is wary of letting its finances slip out of hand.
however, the door is still open to cut excise duty provided that states too cut vat on the two fuels, they said, adding cutting excise duty alone may not give a long-term support to consumers.
the oil marketing companies, who are often asked to bear the burden in these times, suggested the government bring petroleum products under the goods and services tax (gst) to give a long-lasting relief to consumers.
however, states, which earn a large chunk of revenues through vat on petrol and diesel, have never agreed to bring these commodities under gst.
bjp, cong target each other over rajasthan civic poll resultsnew delhi, aug 20, 2015 (pti) 18:35 istbjp and congress today targeted each other over rajasthan civic poll results even as prime minister narendra modi thanked people of the state and his party workers for a commendable performance.
a big thank you to people of rajasthan.
congrats to rajasthan bjp workers & leaders on the commendable performance in the civic polls, modi tweeted about the results in which bjp emerged ahead in 60 out of 129 municipal bodies but suffered setback in chief minister vasundhara raje's pocket-borough of dholpur and jhalawar where it was defeated.
congress, which was routed in the lok sabha elections last year, made significant gains attaining or nearing majority in around 40 bodies and was neck and neck with bjp in 17 bodies.
senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the results and trends of rajasthan civic body polls showed how people replied to the congress campaign of last two-three months against raje over lalit modi controversy.
he reminded that bjp had recently won civic body polls in madhya pradesh as well despite the congress campaign against its chief minister shivraj singh chouhan over vyapam scam.
on the other hand, rajasthan congress chief sachin pilot, said, the bjp got only 36 per cent votes and congress is only around two per cent less than it.
overall 64 percent people have voted against the bjp, which shows the mood of the people.
latching on to bjp's loss in raje's constituency, pilot said, congresss won both the municpal council seats in the cm's constituency while it also won both seats in lok sabha mp dushyant singh's constituency.
this reflects the hard work of congress workers.
we have come a long way from our performance during last assembly polls.
pilot accused the bjp government in rajasthan of engaging in open horse trading in civic body polls.
the congress leader felt that his party was hurt because of the state government's last-minute decision through an ordinance to prescribe a minimum qualification of class 10th pass for contesting the civic polls.
despite that we have won so many seats.
this has broken the myth that urban areas are the strongholds of the bjp.
we have won 10 of the 15 municipal councils.
in other areas also we were in neck and neck fight with the bjp, he said.
ruling bjp won three civic bodies with majority of wards in jhalawar district represented by chief minister raje and her son, while congress won majority in two civic bodies.
bjp will form boards in eklera, bhawani mandi, and pidawa with comfortable majority, while congress will form boards in jhalwar and jhalarapatan.
the august 17 election for 129 civic bodies in the state had witnessed a record polling of 76.
19 per cent.
september 22, 2015, ians 15:23 istindia has withdrawn what is called the draft national encryption policy following outrage.
okay, you won't have to store all whatsapp messages and emails.
for now.
life moves fast in the social media era.
in the space of 48 hours, india managed to float a draft of something as geeky as an encryption policy, trigger national outrage, exempt social media from it, and finally withdraw it.
on tuesday afternoon, two days after the policy draft was floated, it was withdrawn.
it had been released for public feedback without my knowledge, said it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, what was this draft national encryption policy (nep)?
encryption technology is used to encode messages, making them secure so that only authorised people can read them.
on the face of it, the nep was a plan to define common minimum standards for encryption.
nice idea for security of all communications, no?
but wait, government agencies would be exempt from all this.
suspicious.
until it became clear that the policy did its best to ensure a decrease in the security of communications for individuals and organisations in india.
it got worse.
before you use an encryption product, said the nep, it must be registered with the competent authority.
you can only use encryption approved by the government, and, presumably, familiar to (and crackable by) government agencies.
that isn't what caused the public outrage, though.
whatsapp and facebook did that.
send a text message on whatsapp or facebook or bbm messengers, and you'd be required by law to save a plain text copy for 90 days.
actually, the nep plan was sweeping, covering all encrypted messages.
all emails, including gmail.
all messages on any messenger except sms.
everything is encrypted these days.
on demand by indian law enforcement or a government agency, you would need to submit a copy of any encrypted message sent in the past three months.
yes, that was the plan according to the nep, whose draft was released for public comment on september 20, with a month given for feedback.
it's rare for something as arcane as encryption to become a subject of national outrage in india within a day, but that's what happened.
the draft triggered fury, and fiery debates.
by contrast, a debate on net neutrality earlier this year had taken months of protest and activism for it to enter public discourse.
the difference was that the nep draft was a short, six-page document that was quickly translated by experts and media into its likely outcomes.
after the outrage, an addendum followed overnight, exempting popular mass exemption products used in platforms such as whatsapp, facebook and twitter from this requirement.
and also encrypted financial transactions, and passwords.
praise the lord -- indian firms wouldn't have to store plain text copies of all user passwords.
they did not exempt email, though.
so, no deleting any emails you've sent, for 90 days.
it's all encrypted.
that was up to tuesday morning.
by afternoon, the nep draft was reportedly withdrawn.
for now.
as we've seen with net neutrality, though, this government isn't one to give up control so easily, especially over something that can be linked to national security.
and indeed, prasad has said that the nep draft, which was poorly worded, would be reworked.
watch this space.
bjp rules out alliance with jd-unew delhi, june 2, 2015 (ians) 18:58 istthe bjp on tuesday ruled out any possibility of an alliance with the janata dal-united in bihar and said the door is shut for bihar chief minister nitish kumar.
any alliance with nitish kumar is totally ruled out.
the door is shut with a capital lock, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference here.
he said the merger of the janata parivar would have no impact on the bharatiya janata party's prospect in the coming election.
alliance or no alliance in janata parivar, people will vote for us, added the bjp leader.
asked who will be the bjp's chief ministerial candidate in bihar, prasad said the party's parliamentary board will take a call when needed.
let lalu prasad and nitish kumar decide first who will be the cm candidate on their side, he added.
govt softens under pressurenew delhi, aug 06, 2015, dhns: 1:22 istunable to break the deadlock that is impeding legislative business in the monsoon session, the nda government now wants the congress to appeal to lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan to rescind her order of suspending 25 mps.
till now, other opposition parties have been mediating to ensure that the suspended congress mps are back in lower house but a senior minister said it can happen only when the party requests the speaker, who had suspended them on monday for five days for protesting in the well of the house with placards.
it is only after that the government might move a motion for withdrawal of their suspension.
however, the congress appears to be defiant and unwilling to budge from its stand of resignation first and discussion later on controversies surrounding union minister sushma swaraj and bjp chief ministers shivraj singh chouhan and vasundhra raje.
having tasted the blood after forcing the government to withdraw contentious clauses from the land acquisition bill, the congress is also threatening not to allow passage of the goods and services tax bill which is crucial for the economys revival.
the government is apprehensive that the congress mps, after returning, might resort to the same tactics of disrupting the house.
it said it would be willing to help out congress if it committed to not disrupt the proceedings.
naidu, prasad appealnot for the government or the bjp, please do a favour to the country.
allow legislations to be taken up in both houses.
don't stall them.
.
.
opposition should leave politics aside for the country's sake and take it forward by allowing parliament to function, parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu said in an appeal.
he also showered praises on prime minister narendra modi, describing him as god's gift to the nation and external affairs minister sushma swaraj, who he called a national asset.
the government was also left frustrated by the impasse as was reflected in the words of telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad who told reporters that all negotiations have failed because of the congresss rigid stand.
the congress has not left any position for give and take.
even they have to give something too for negotiations for bringing normalcy in parliament, prasad said.
he also requested the congress to introspect, reconsider and indulge in some soul searching over what kind of image they want to portray.
'aadhaar-enabled payment system to be introduced on large scale'mangaluru: jan 26, 2017, dhns 23:46 istunion minister for law and it ravishankarprasad prasad said that aadhaar-enabled payment system would be introduced on a large scale in the country in the future.
though aadhaar -enabled payment systems have been introduced in a small scale in the country, it would cover the entire mass in the future.
speaking to reporters on the sidelines of digidhan mela organised by the ministry of electronics and information technology and niti ayog here on wednesday, he said once the aadhaar -enabled payment is introduced every shopkeeper would be able to make aadhaar-enabled payments.
under the system, merchants with simple android phones with a usb-based fingerprint capture device, can go for cashless transaction.
the merchant is required to have a bank account with an aadhaar number seeded to it.
the consumers only need a bank account with their aadhaar number seeded.
they can pay the shopkeeper by providing fingerprint in the biometric device attached to the mobile phone.
stating that demonetisation is part of a series of decisions taken by prime minister narendra modi for a clean transparent society, prasad said it has arrested terrorism, maoist movement, hawala trade, supari killing and human trafficking in the country.
digital payment and digital india helps the country to become digitally empowered.
there are 25 crore jan dhan accounts in the country.
subsidies are credited to the account holders.
as a result, the country has saved rs 36,000 crore in the last three years.
the digital payment helps in making india an honest and accountable country.
the minister said the government has been giving rewards to promote cashless digital payment.
the prize money goes upto rs 1 crore.
daily, 15,000 people would be lucky prize based on a lucky draw.
the central government has been spending rs 340 crore for this digital payment lucky draw.
digital india has been bringing about a revolutionary transformation in india, making an inclusive development a possibility, he added.
cashless transactionmp nalin kumar kateel said that cashless transaction has been introduced in remote balpa village of sullia taluk.
with the help of district administration and banks, efforts would be made to introduce cashless transaction in entire dakshina kannada district by march 31.
minister of state for drinking water and sanitation ramesh jigajinagi said the citizens and merchants should support for the success of demonetisation and introduction of digital transaction in the country.
the cashless transaction will help in arresting corruption in the country.
a total of 36 stalls were put by various nationalised banks, private banks, kmf, indian post, cellphone companies to create awareness on digital payment system.
the participants were explained various options available for digital payments to the visitors and were also assisted in downloading and installing various mobile apps for digital payments.
the lucky draw for using the digital transactions in across the country was carried out on the occasion.
accordingly, 11 persons who had carried out the digital transaction through ussd, 222 persons with upi, 410 persons with aeps and 14,357 with rupay card payments won the lucky grahak prizes.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad presented laptops to five village level entrepreneurs of csc in karnataka for their commendable job in creating awareness about digital payment.
they are uma farook (hassan), ravishankarprasad (bidar), kailash (davangere), shivu (dharwad) and garima (bengaluru urban).
i-t issues fresh summons to misa bharti in benami land dealpress trust of india, new delhi, jun 6 2017, 13:48 istbharti was supposed to appear before the investigating officer (io) of the case today but officials said she failed to keep the date.
file photothe income tax department has issued fresh summons to rjd chief lalu prasad's mp daughter misa bharti in connection with its probe in the rs 1,000 crore alleged benami land deals and tax evasion case.
bharti was supposed to appear before the investigating officer (io) of the case today but officials said she failed to keep the date.
she has now been asked to appear before the io on june 12, officials said.
it is understood that a lawyer representing the rajya sabha mp wanted to depose before the io but the summons required her to appear in person.
bharti's husband shailesh kumar has been summoned in the same case by the department for tomorrow.
the department wants to question the couple to take the probe further in this case, where the taxman had conducted multiple searches last month.
a chartered accountant, rajesh kumar agrawal, allegedly linked to bharti and others was also arrested by the enforcement directorate (ed) on may 22.
agrawal is alleged to have aided in illegal transactions involving lalu's kin.
officials had said that the summonses to bharti and kumar are part of the investigation in the case and their statements will be recorded.
the couple is alleged to have links with a firm-- ms mishail packers and printers private limited-- which is suspected to have entered into benami deals for purchase of a farmhouse in delhi's bijwasan area.
certain other property deals are also under the scanner of the taxman, they had said.
i-t department officials had said they will apply provisions of the newly enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year, in this case.
the law provides for a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
tax department officials had said lalu's kin held some of the properties under their scanner in a 'benami' way.
benami properties are those in which the real beneficiary is not the one in whose name the property has been purchased.
the rjd chief, however, had sought to put up a brave face after the raids, saying he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahi hai ki lalu kiawaz ko daba sake.
.
.
lalu kiawazdabayenge to deshbhar me karoron lalu khare hojayenge.
.
.
main gidarbhabhkise nahi darne walahoon (bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice.
.
.
if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalu will come forward.
i am not scared of empty threats), he had said in a series of tweets after the search operation.
the bjp had also accused prasad, bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo, suggesting that money was paid in return for the favour, as they dated back to the period when lalu was the railway minister and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action against him.
lalu's rjd is a constituent of bihar's ruling coalition led by kumar.
lalu's official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
india sees no threat from ransomware, says it ministerdh news service, new delhi, may 15 2017, 23:03 istgovt directs to follow cert-in normsthe wannacry ransomware has taken over 100 countries by storm, disrupting major services across many countries.
photo for representation.
the centre on monday said there was no serious impact due to ransomware wannacry in the country from an unprecedented global cyber attack, except for a few isolated incidents in kerala, andhra pradesh, maharashtra, and west bengal.
as a precaution, the government has directed all its institutions and state governments to follow the cyber security alert issued by cert-in, cyber security unit of the ministry of electronics and information technology, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here.
national informatics centre, which builds and manages almost all government websites, and the centre for development of advanced computing, a premier research institute that has built supercomputers, have actively installed patches to immunise their windows systems and functioning normally, said the minister.
the it department will set up a separate unit in the cert-in to co-ordinate with various agencies including international level to prevent any such incidents in future, and the centre will start functioning next month, the minister added.
india is on high alert, monitoring critical networks across sectors including banking, telecom, power and aviation to ensure that systems are protected in the wake of global cyber attack by ransomware wannacry.
the central transmission utility power grid said it has put sufficient firewalls to deal with the cyber attack and consumers need not fear sudden outages on that account.
separately, cert-in earlier in the day said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on indias vital networks.
in a related development, capital markets regulator sebi and top stock exchanges have beefed up their cyber security systems to ward off any threat from the ransomware.
in india, there were reports that some systems of andhra pradesh police were affected on saturday, although cert-in has said that the computers were isolated and not on a network.
there were also reports that some computers in the west bengal electricity board, and maharashtra police were hit by cyber attack.
govt to restore it act's 66a with suitable changesnew delhi: aug 1, 2015, dhns 2:21 istgovernment is working on restoring with suitable modifications the controversial section 66a of information technology act which the supreme court struck down in march.
the ministry of home affairs has formed a panel headed by former law secretary t k vishwanathan to examine the implications of the apex court judgement and suggest restoring of 66a of information technology act 2000 with suitable modifications and safeguards to make it fully compatible with constitutional provisions, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply to rajya sabha.
the mha has asked the panel to suggest alternate legal measures to avoid the possible misuse of social media in the interest of national security and maintenance of public order.
unconstitutionalterming section 66a of the information technology act unconstitutional, the apex court said it has a chilling effect on freedom of speech and expression.
the issue becomes important as many people have been arrested for posting cartoons of politicians or criticising them when the act was in force.
new delhi, july 1, 2015 (pti) 20:48 istarticulating global worries over cyber security, prime minister narendra modi today said india should come up with solutions to meet the challenge posed by this threat of bloodless war as he launched a digital campaign to which top companies pledged rs 4.
5 lakh crore.
inaugurating 'digital india week' here, he pitched for a digital revolution in the country, saying it is necessary to deal with problems like corruption, help provide transparent and efficient governance and bridge the rich-poor divide.
we have to move from e-governance to m-governance.
m-governance does not mean modi governance.
it means mobile governance, he said in the presence of several ministerial colleagues and who's who of indian industry and ceos of some global companies.
the prime minister noted that india has huge capabilities in the field of it and promised to encourage manufacturing within the country of electronic goods, which account for second largest imports after petroleum products.
he specifically mentioned start ups in this regard.
while highlighting the advantages of the it, modi said, at the same time, clouds of a bloodless war are hovering over the world.
the world is terrified by this.
.
.
.
india has a big role to play in this.
can india play this big role?
india has talent.
can india provide a shield to the world by providing innovative and credible solutions?
why should we not have such a confidence?
we should accept this challenge to ensure that the entire humanity lives in peace, modi said.
while talking about dangers posed to cyber security, he said, somebody, with education of 10th or 12th class, sitting thousands of miles away, can clean up your bank account with a click of mouse.
this situation needs to be addressed, he said.
noting that india had lagged behind when the world went through the industrial revolution, the prime minister said he dreams of a digital india' where government services are easily available to citizens on mobile devices.
i dream of a digital india where government proactively engages with people through social media.
.
.
i dream of digital india where cyber security becomes integral part of national security, he said, reminding the audience of the historical speech of martin luther king.
citing advantages of it, modi said it helps in dealing with problems like corruption.
technology played a big role in auction of coal mines.
so many coal mines were auctioned but there is no allegation against the government because it was all done in a transparent manner, he said.
the function was attended by ril chairman mukesh ambani, adag chairman anil ambani, bharati enterprises chairman sunil mittal, tata group chairman cyrus mistry, aditya birla group chief kumarmangalam birla, wipro's azim premji.
from among the global companies, bernhard gerwert, ceo of european consortium airbus' defence and space unit, and ping chang, ceo of taiwanese company delta electronics, attended the event.
the industrialists made announcements regarding their intention to invest in digital sector, which the prime minister said amounted to over rs 4.
5 lakh crore with a potential to generate 18 lakh jobs.
mukesh ambani announced an investment of rs 2.
5 lakh crore over five years and said it will result in creation of 5 lakh jobs.
he said his company was working with device makers to make affordable devices.
birla promised to invest usd 7 bn in next 5 years in network rollout and infra and digital space.
mittal committed to invest rs 1 lakh crore in next five years in digital space while anil ambani promised to invest rs 10,000 crore over next few years across digital, cloud and telecom space.
delta ceo pledged usd 500 million.
pointing out that times have changed and the india will be left behind unless it carries out revolution in the it field, the prime minister exhorted the industry to boost production of electronic devices and goods in the country, as part of the make in india initiative, to reduce dependence on imports.
he called upon the youth to innovate and said design in india is as important as make in india.
promising government support to 'start ups', modi said india has the potential of becoming the second country after the usa in this area.
talking about possibilities in the it world, he said there could a situation wherein information could be stored in digital lockers with private companies offering such facilities.
india may have missed the industrial revolution, but will not miss the it revolution, he said, adding, it is not enough for india to say that it is an ancient civilization, and a country of 125 crore with favourable demography.
.
.
modern technology needs to be blended with these strengths.
modi underlined his government's resolve to not allow the digital divide to become a barrier between people and outlined his vision of e-governance and mobile governance, where all important government services are available on the mobile phone.
i dream of a digital india where high-speed digital highways unite the nation; 1.
2 billion connected indians drive innovation; technology ensures the citizen-government interface is incorruptible, he said at the function which was attended by union ministers arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, j p nadda, thaavar chand gehlot, jual oram and nirmala sitharaman.
the prime minister said that earlier, india was criticized for launching satellites, but now it was recognized that these satellites help the common man, for instance, farmers through accurate weather forecasting.
he said in the future, people would prefer to live along the 'digital highways' like in earlier ages populations would settle along rivers and seas and later along the highways of roads.
modi also unveiled the digital india logo and released policy documents related to digital india.
he also felicitated two women csc village level entrepreneurs.
delivering the valedictory speech of constitution day celebrations, prime minister narendra modi emphasised the need for the government and the judiciary to be on the same page to realise the dream of 'new india', and doubted whether they are working in unison.
modi spoke in a placid tone, but his minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad was harsher in reminding the judiciary that law-making must be left to those elected to make laws and that the judiciary should not behave like a super-legislature.
he also sardonically remarked that while independence of the judiciary is important, judicial accountability, probity and propriety, too, are indispensable.
the message was loud and clear: that this government, like any other authoritarian government, wants a committed judiciary, that is, a judiciary committed to the policies of the government.
the idea and substance of a committed judiciary was practiced in the united states.
it is well known that chief justice john marshall imposed upon his colleagues the practice of delivering only unanimous opinions in order to secure the fledgling authority of the supreme court.
president thomas jefferson's objections to this development and his initia tives against this practice, including appointment of justices of his own choice, are equally well-documented.
jefferson's appointment of william johnson as associate justice and his subsequent stream of advice to him on breaking chief justice marshall's hold on the court displayed his desire for committed judges.
the supreme court of india could not remain aloof to this idea of committed judiciary.
since inception, successive governments have desired and attempted to confine the role of judges.
jawaharlal nehru, the first prime minister, once while discussing the role of judges expressed his view in the following words: if we go wrong here and there, it can be pointed out, but in the ultimate analysis, no judiciary can stand in judgement over the sovereign will of the entire community.
judges can correct the wrong here and there; they cannot arrogate to themselves the position of super-house of a parliament.
the desire to have a committed judiciary increased during indira gandhi's time, after her election was set aside by the allahabad high court and some of her political decisions were challenged, in cases like madhav rao scindia vs union of india (the privy purse case) and r c cooper vs union of india (the bank nationalisation case).
when the nation's senior-most judges questioned the government in the name of the constitution and justice, they were superseded.
justice a n ray was appointed chief justice of india, superseding the three senior-most judges after the unfavourable decision in the keshavanand bharati case.
later justice h r khanna, the senior-most judge of the supreme court was superseded by justice m h beg, a long-time friend of the nehru-gandhi family, after his powerful dissent in adm jabalpur vs shivakant shukla against the proclamation of emergency by indira gandhi.
many judges of the high court who did not toe government's line were transferred.
attempts were made to install committed judges in the supreme court.
george h gadbois jr. in his book 'judges of the supreme court of india' has referred to some of the judicial appointments and brings out crucial findings about the role of the chief justice of india and the sway of the prime minister in the appointment of judges and chief justices.
these committed judges tried their best to protect the interest of the government and, when they could not, they penned down dissenting opinions to show their loyalty to mrs gandhi.
an attempt was also made by the committed chief justice of india to overrule the basic structure doctrine by creating a bench of committed and like-minded judges.
fortunately, it did not succeed.
mrs gandhi sought to vindicate her claim for 'commitment' by referring to us president roosevelt having appointed judges who were committed to his programmes.
independent judiciarythe behaviour of a judge is the fortress within which people enjoy the fruits of democracy, liberty and justice.
judges must function without fear or favour.
otherwise, the question of their being impartial or independent will be rendered nugatory.
they are required to uphold the constitution and the laws, without fear (of the government) or (expecting) favour.
if the judiciary is committed to the policies of the government, the 'independence of the judiciary' and the 'system of checks and balances,' which are essential features of the constitution, will be in peril and constitutional democracy will be reduced to the dictatorship of the majority.
sixty-eight years of living under a constitutional system has demonstrated that politicians in india are not guided by moral principles, their only endeavour is to get power and retain it by one or the other means.
if the judiciary becomes committed to their policies, it will be difficult for the people at large to check the party in power from acting according to its own whims and fancies.
a committed judiciary will also destroy the federal fabric, another basic structure of the constitution.
it will create distrust among the states of the union of india.
there are so many disputes between the states and they would not have trust in the central govern ment because they might sense that the ruling party at the centre favours states where, too, it is in power.
but they would have faith in the judiciary, which is equipped with original jurisdiction to solve these disputes and preserve the federal identity of the constitution.
the idea of a committed judiciary will spoil this federal trust and confidence.
nitish equating his 'supreme arrogance with the identity of bihar': bjpnew delhi, aug 5, 2015, (pti) 18:16 istbjp today accused nitish kumar for equating his supreme arrogance with the identity of bihar after the chief minister in an open letter charged narendra modi with insulting the state by taking a dig at his dna, which he alleged was unbecoming of a prime minister.
the party also kept up its attack on congress over the stalling of parliament, saying the opposition party was sending a wrong message to the people and asked it to introspect over and reconsider its belligerence as they expect the legislature to pass pro-reform laws like gst.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad took on kumar and questioned what kind of bihari identity he showed by declining a dinner invite to modi and returning rs 5 crore and other relief material he (modi) as the then gujarat chief minister in 2010 had sent to bihar to help flood victims.
kumar today took strong exception to modi's 'dna' remark made against him during a recent rally, saying it was deemed as an insult by a large section of the people of the state and beyond and asked him to withdraw it.
your words have been taken as an insult by a large section of the people of the state and beyond.
most of us also feel that coming from you, the comment is rather unbecoming of the office you hold, he said in an open letter.
at a rally in muzaffarpur on july 25, modi had said kumar had not only disrespected him but also a 'mahadalit' like former chief minister jitan ram manjhi.
there seems to be some problem in his dna because the dna of democracy is not like that.
in democracy you respect even your political rivals, modi had said at the rally.
prasad said it was the height of kumar's arrogance that he was linking the honour of bihar with him.
nitish ji, do not equate your arrogance with the great identity of bihar which is much greater, nobler, soberer and humbler (than yours), he told reporters at a briefing.
hitting out at the bihar chief minister nitish kumar, prasad said modi will reply to his letter at an appropriate time but it was imperative for bjp to respond to his charge as he had chosen to write an open letter.
modi is addressing another rally in bihar on sunday where his party-led nda is locked in a keen contest with kumar-led jd(u)-rjd-congress alliance and much is stake for both combines as the assembly result will have a strong influence on the national political scene.
by refusing to host modi and allow him to campaign in bihar despite the fact that he then depended on bjp to be in power, kumar exhibited his hate and arrogance, prasad said.
asked about the ongoing congress protest and the virtual washout of proceedings in parliament due to it, the union minister said the opposition party's stand was not sending a good message to the country.
people of the country are very distressed at what is happening in parliament due to belligerence of congress.
parliament has to do a lot of work and pass important pro-reform legislations.
people expect us to do so.
we will appeal to congress to reconsider its belligerence.
.
.
return to parliament, he said.
queried on any likely move to revoke the suspension of 25 congress members from the lok sabha, which has further escalated its row with the government and rallied many opposition parties around it, he said it was for congress to speak to the speaker about this.
taking a dig at the congress cry of murder of democracy over the suspension, he said it had still not disowned emergency and what it did to the judiciary, media and opposition leaders during it.
referring to the arrest of a suspect pakistani terrorist in jammu and kashmir today, he lauded the bravery of security forces and said the incident and a pakistani investigator's statement that the mumbai terror attack was planned on its soil showed that terrorism had its roots in the neighbouring country.
pakistan will have to answer, he said.
differential data pricing plainly not acceptable: prasadnew delhi, feb 9, 2016 (pti) 20:19 iststating that internet cannot be allowed to be monopoly of few, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad today slammed facebook's free basics programme and said such differential pricing modes are plainly not acceptable.
the minister said the trai's order on differential pricing for data services has enhanced india's image in the net community world over and established its maturity.
we are expanding digital india into nook and corner of the country, and taking extraordinary steps to empower the people through technology, to create a knowledge economy.
the very concept of differential pricing on data, whether it is free basics or any other mode, is plainly not acceptable, prasad told pti.
backing net neutrality, telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) has barred operators from charging different rates for internet access based on content, dealing a blow to facebook's controversial free basics and other such plans.
ruling against discriminatory pricing for different data platforms or content, trai said operators cannot enter into pacts with internet companies to subsidise access to some websites.
the move dealt a blow to facebook's plans to offer free basics service that allows free access to certain websites in partnership with a telecom operator.
zero tariff plans of other operators like airtel would also be impacted.
this view i have been holding since the day i became minister.
in this light, i fully welcome the tariff order of trai which has enhanced the image of india in the net community world over and establishes our maturity, he added.
the minister further said the government led by prime minister narendra modi fully respects the freedom of expression and discourse on social media and internet.
the view of our government from the beginning has been very clear, which i have also articulated in parliament, that is internet is one of the finest creations of human mind and it should not become the monopoly of few, prasad said.
facebook had launched an aggressive campaign to defend its free basics platform and argued that zero-rating plans can lead to increase in internet adoption at no cost to the government, the content provider or consumers.
the debate on net neutrality started after airtel decided to charge separately for internet-based calls in december 2014, but withdrew it later after protests.
the debate heated up after airtel launched free internet platform airtel zero and later facebook came out with its internet.
org, renamed as free basics.
india favours democratisation of global affairs of telecommunications: prasadnew delhi, oct 21, 2014 (ians): 19:18 istindia favours democratisation and broad-basing of the global affairs of telecommunications and internet governance, information technology and telecommunications minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
he was speaking monday at the inaugural session of the international telecommunications union (itu) conference at busan in south korea, an official statement here said.
india's point of view is that itu should take leadership and partner with un and other international/regional organizations in executing the information and communication technology (ict) projects and programmes in developing countries.
india also wants the itu to be the supervisory authority of space assets.
india expressed its desire that itu should play a more active role in the global internet governance as envisaged during the world summit on information society (wsis).
the indian delegation has been participating in the plenipotentiary conference, which is the top policy-making body of the 193 member strong international telecommunications union.
it meets once in every four years.
india has also been pitching for a re-election into the itu council, the statement tuesday said.
new delhi: sep 23, 2015, dhns 0:56 istbahujan samaj party chief mayawati on tuesday accused the narendra modi government of misusing the cbi to settle political scores.
she said this in the wake of the investigative agencys decision to quiz her in connection with the national rural health mission (nrhm) scam.
describing the move as political vendetta, the former uttar pradesh chief minister said she has no connection with the scam that runs into rs 10,000 crore.
the bjp, which is trying to use the cbi, should give up such tactics as such attempts have cost them dearly earlier, she told reporters here.
she also said the decision to question her four years after the scam came to light raises questions.
i do not succumb to pressure, i do not bend, she said adding the decision could be the handiwork of some casteist officers who are against dalits and backward castes.
the centre, however, rejected her allegations.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the cbi works on the basis of proof.
there is no need to draw any other conclusion (from the agencys actions),he said.
cbi director anil sinha said the agency will proceed as per requirement.
the agency had on monday called mayawati for examination on two specific issues related to the nrhm scam: bifurcation of the uttar pradesh health and family welfare department and appointment of district project officers considered key to the scam.
huge sums had been siphoned off by politicians, bureaucrats and doctors from funds meant for the nrhm, aimed to provide health care facilities to rural people.
there were also irregularities in the supply of medicines and medical equipment.
addressing a press conference here, mayawati said the cbi is free to investigate her but questioned the timing of the move, saying it is a divert attention from the failure of the nda government to fulfil promises made to the people.
she said even before the cbi had informed her of the news, it was leaked to the media to demoralise me and my party workers ahead of bihar assembly elections.
land bill: rahul's claims 'baseless', should do 'homework', says bjpnew delhi, may 30, 2015, (pti) 22:45 istbjp today hit back at rahul gandhi for his attack on the narendra modi government over the land ordinance, saying he should do his homework and not make wild and baseless allegations as it was congress that had played havoc with the poor with its garibi hatao slogan.
seeking to turn the tables on the opposition party, bjp asked rahul to first explain the politics of money over bodies in congress-ruled uttarakhand in the wake of allegations of swindling of funds meant for the victims of the natural calamity that struck the hill state in 2013.
rahul should first give an account of the corruption by uttarakhand government.
we condemn his statement.
the modi government is working for farmers' interests and is committed to rural development.
rahul does not do any homework and the making of baseless allegations has become a part of his politics.
his allegations on the land bill are misleading and false.
i condemn it, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
defending the union cabinet's recommendation today for the re-promulgation of the land ordinance, prasad said it was being done to protect farmers' interests.
had the ordinance not been extended, because it is awaiting a joint session (of parliament), the farmer would not have got the four-time compensation in the case of highways and even in the case of prime minister's gram sadak yojna, he said.
attacking congress for failing to remove poverty in the country despite being in power for over 58 years, he said that rahul and sonia gandhi's party had played havoc with their garibi hatao slogan.
india remained poor.
the farmer's plight became even more and more cancerous.
and they are today talking of farmers' interests, he questioned.
making wild allegations without doing any homework is not right, said prasad even as he demanded that rahul should first explain what is happening in uttarakhand.
even in cases of natural calamities, what happened in kedarnath.
.
.
according to media reports, unfortunately politics of money is being done even on bodies in uttarakhand.
that is condemnable, reprehensible and mr rahul gandhi's silence is indeed eloquent.
i would only tell mr rahul gandhi, please do some homework, stop making wild baseless allegations, he said.
rahul made a blistering attack on modi, accusing him of being in an amazing hurry to grab land from poor farmers by deciding to repromulgate the land ordinance for a third time.
modiji in an amazing hurry to grab land from poor farmers at any cost.
a 3rd attempt at pushing the anti farmer land ordinance!
congress party will continue to fight for the rights of the kisan and mazdoor against this #suitbootkisarkar, the congress vice president said in a series of tweets.
meanwhile, referring to the allegations of misuse of relief funds in uttarakhand, bjp national spokesperson anil baluni said, the scam is one of the worst in history.
when the people of uttarakhand were battling for their lives, the government was enjoying and having a party, ministers were zipping around in helicopters and taking selfies.
when rahul gandhi had gone to uttarakhand, he lauded the government's role and said they were doing a good job during the disaster.
after the scam has surfaced, bjp questions rahul gandhi as to whether this is the good work he was talking about.
he should reply on what the uttarakhand government has done.
harish rawat (uttarakhand chief minister) and vijay bahuguna (rawat's predecessor) are both responsible and the public wants a reply as to where the money donated by the centre and the corporates has gone, said baluni.
shanta kumar wants 'lokpal' in bjpbjpnew delhi: july 21, 2015, dhns: 0:21 istin a sign of discontent in the bjp, senior leader shanta kumar has dropped a letter bomb to party chief amit shah, demanding a 'lokpal' in the party to tackle corruption cases like vyapam which has made all of us bow our heads in shame.
the embarrassed bjp, however, snubbed kumar, with union minister rajiv pratap rudy arguing that former himachal pradesh chief minister got carried away by congress propaganda.
we generally consider shanta kumar a very mature leader.
but it seems that he has been carried away by the propaganda of the congress.
whatever he has said or written, we completely disassociate with kumar's version, rudy said.
rudys colleague ravishankarprasad prasad said that since the letter was addressed to party president, it was for amit shah to respond but  i would have felt happy had he talked about virbhadra singhs involvement in scams as well.
shah talks parl strategy with bjp ministers as raj, mp cm come callingnew delhi, july 19, 2015, (pti) 14:14 istahead of the monsoon session, bjp chief amit shah today discussed with senior union ministers the strategy to counter the opposition in parliament and is also meeting party chief ministers vasundhara raje and shivraj singh chouhan, both of whom are facing controversy.
rajasthan chief minister raje, whose alleged involvement in the lalit modi row has seen her being targeted by congress, and her madhya pradesh counterpart, who is under attack over the vyapam scam, will be presenting their side of the story to the party so that the government can effectively deal with the opposition, sources said.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj, finance minister arun jaitley and information and technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad were among those who met shah.
chouhan is also likely to meet prime minister narendra modi later in the day.
congress has sought resignations of both chouhan and raje.
it has also demanded that swaraj quit for helping former ipl boss lalit modi.
the monsoon session of parliament, which begins tuesday, is set to be a stormy one as congress and several other opposition parties appeared to be closing ranks to corner the government on a range of issues, including the vyapam scam and lalit modi controversy.
apart from pressing for the removal of union ministers swaraj and smriti irani, opposition parties have indicated that they would raise the issue of scams and controversies allegedly involving bjp chief ministers -- chouhan, raje and raman singh of chhattisgarh and demand their resignations.
advani, joshi among bjp star campaigners for bihar pollsnew delhi, sep 23 , 2015, ians 13:22 istbjp veterans lal krishna advani, murli manohar joshi and actor-turned-politician shatrughan sinha are among the star campaigners enlisted by the party to woo voters ahead of the bihar assembly elections.
sources said prime minister narendra modi and union ministers rajnath singh, arun jaitley, sushma swaraj, smriti irani, ravishankarprasad prasad and rajiv pratap rudy are also on a list of 40 star campaigners that the party submitted to the election commission on tuesday.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and his jharkhand counterpart raghubar das are the only bjp chief ministers on the list.
bjp president amit shah is also among the star campaigners.
since the formation of the modi government at the centre in may 2014, advani and joshi have been sidelined in the bjp and restricted to the party's margdarshak mandal.
in the past, bihar chief minister nitish kumar accused the bjp of dumping party veterans like advani and joshi as they didn't figure in the election posters of the bjp in bihar soon after the announcement of poll dates.
shatrughan sinha, the bjp mp from patna sahib, had embarrassed the party by openly criticising party decisions and publicly praising nitish kumar.
govt blocks two websites, facebook pages of isis propagandanew delhi, oct 14, 2015, (pti): 20:10 istcracking its whip on terror propaganda being carried on internet, government today ordered banning of two websites and some pages on social networking site facebook after it was found that they contained material detrimental to the country's sovereignty.
the decision was taken during a high-level meeting in which officials from department of telecom, home ministry and central security agencies participated.
the meeting was convened by indian computer emergency response team (cert-in), a nodal agency under ministry of communications, that deals with cyber security threats like hacking and phishing.
on the request of the ib and some police, the cert-in has blocked two websites belonging to islamic state of iraq and syria, which were spreading outfit's propaganda, and two facebook pages which were being run by anonymous people in jammu and kashmir, a senior government officer said.
the two websites spreading isis propaganda had details of how to make bombs and training modules of the outfit.
the officials said about 55-60 websites and social networking sites pages, related to terror activities, have been blocked by the government this year.
earlier in the day, telecommunication minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that steps will be taken to check misuse of social media platforms to disrupt communal harmony and national security.
well as far as radicalisation or extremism.
.
.communal or pro-terrorist views are concerned, there is a proper mechanism of coordination between home ministry and our ministry, he told a press conference.
new delhi:march 24, 2016, dhns: 2:11 istin a holi gift to over one crore employees and pensioners, the government on wednesday decided to raise dearness allowance by 6  effective from january this year.
the government is wishing happy holi to central government employees with a total of 6  da hike.
this makes it to 125  of basic pay, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi.
this will benefit about 50 lakh government employees and 58 lakh pensioners, he said.
the impact of the da hike on the exchequer will be rs 14,725.
74 crore from january 14 to february 2017.
the da is paid as a portion of basic pay of employees to neutralise the impact of inflation.
pensioners get dearness relief.
lack of timely legal help to poor affects credibility: cjinew delhi, dh news service, apr 30 2017, 1:11 istj s kheharlack of timely help to the poor and illiterate has put a severe strain on the rule of law and credibility of the legal system, chief justice j s khehar has said.
inaugurating the two-day programme organised by national legal services authority (nalsa) on saturday, khehar said the work taken up by para legal volunteers (plv) is more sacred than the duties performed by the judges.
the plvs have enabled ordinary and helpless people to avail benefits of the legal system to alleviate their sufferings and injustices, the chief justice added.
in the absence of timely help to most indians, the credibility of the legal system and the rule of law comes under severe strain, he said, stressing that the poor and illiterate indian were the main clients of the justice system.
he said the volunteers carried out a super divine duty by serving the poor, which is more than the divine duty discharged by the judges.
for a villager, the last-mile connectivity under the plv scheme was not the lawyers but the plvs working under competent legal authorities who impart them the awareness of law and legal system, khehar added.
when the disputes prove beyond the abilities of the volunteers to resolve, since they have only the basic training in law, they approach the nearest legal services authority such as lok adalat, mediation or more formal legal remedy.
also speaking on the occasion, law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad stressed on the importance of using technology to provide access and administration of justice.
with the changing times, we have to change our technology.
technology is a very important tool in the administration of justice, prasad said.
'separation of power binding on judiciary too'new delhi, march 23, 2017, dhns 1:07 istthe government on wednesday said that separation of power enshrined in the constitution was as binding on the judiciary, the legislature and the executive.
there are certain basic structures of the constitution and separation of powers is also a basic structure.
by separation of power, i mean executive, parliament and the judiciary will do their own functions  parliament to enact, executive to formulate and execute and judiciary to interpret, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in the lok sabha.
in this light, if the separation of power principle is binding on all, i am sorry to say that it is equally binding on the judiciary, prasad said during the question hour.
the minister made the remark as the lok sabha saw several members expressing displeasure over what they perceived was transgression of the supreme court into the domain of parliament.
asking queries supplementary to his question, bjp mp sanjay jaiswal said that the supreme court was getting into the area of law making, be it in the area of cricket management or in the area of admission to medical colleges.
several mps from the bjp and other parties supported jaiswals remark by thumping the desk, though a part of it was expunged from the record of the proceedings of the house.
prasad referred to the governments bid to set up the national judicial appointments commission, which would have been responsible for appointment and transfer of judges to the higher judiciary.
a bill to amend the constitution to set up the national judicial commission (njac) was passed by parliament in august 2014.
but the supreme court struck down the act in december 2015.
we came with the national judicial commission act with complete consensus.
the supreme court challenged it and they held that it impinges upon the independence of the judiciary.
.
.
but we have accepted the judgement for the sake of judicial efficiency and appointment, said prasad.
it sector to create 25 lakh jobs in 5 years: govtdh news service, new delhi, may 23 2017, 22:19 istravi shankar prasad.
ptidismissing reports of a downturn in employment in the countrys it industry, electronics and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said that in the coming four to five years, almost 20 to 25 lakh additional jobs will be created in the sector.
i completely deny and refute that there is any downturn in the employment in the it sector.
it is robust.
once the digital economy is here, you will see how much it will progress, the minister said in a press conference convened to highlight the ministrys achievements in the past three years.
indian it companies are spread across 200 cities and 80 countries around the world, which provide direct employment to 40 lakh people and indirect employment to almost 1.
3 crore people.
as the industry is moving forward, it is nasscoms assessment that in the coming four to five years, almost 20-25 lakh additional jobs will be created, he added.
the government is also creating new jobs in the it sector by setting up more common service centres, launching new schemes under the digital india programme and opening rural bpos in semi-urban areas, he said.
the minister said that in the next five to seven years, indias digital economy will be worth an estimated $1 trillion, which is almost rs 600 lakh crore.
in 2016-17, the it industry added 1.
7 lakh new jobs.
in the last three years, almost six lakh people have been employed in our it sector, he said, adding that the nasscom said 25 to 30 lakh new jobs will be created by 2025 in the sector.
indian it companies currently serve two-thirds of the fortune 500 companies and have created 40 lakh direct jobs in india, the ministry said in a statement.
indias total software production market grew at 9.
5  in 2016-17, to reach $ 7 billion, and exports grew 7.
8  to reach $2.
3 billion.
indias overall domestic it/bpo sector is expected to grow at 8.
5  from 35 billion in 2016, to an anticipated $37 billion in 2017.
stamp on ram temple activistnew delhi: sept 29, 2015, dhns 1:40 istlate mahant avaidyanath, a former bjp mp who had played a leading role in the movement for ram temple in ayodhya, will get a postal stamp issued in his memory soon.
a stamp is being released to mark the first death anniversary of avaidyanath, who was also father and guru of sitting bjp mp from gorakhpur yogi adityanath.
he died last year in september at the age of 95.
avaidyanath was elected to the lok sabha from gorakhpur for four times.
he was the chief priest of gorakhnath temple.
according to an official in the communications ministry, the stamp will be released this week.
a new stamp on dr b r ambedkar to commemorate his 125th birth anniversary will also be released, the official said.
defending the governments move, communications and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said the decision was taken on the advice of the philately advisory committee (pac).
