the rss condemned the murder on the same day, but karnataka bjp mla jeevaraj has now said that if gauri hadnt written against the sangh parivar, she may have been alive today.
the rss condemned the murder on the same day, but karnataka bjp mla jeevaraj has now said that if gauri hadnt written against the sangh parivar, she may have been alive today.
as we mourn the murder of journalist and activist gauri lankesh, it is imperative that we see in it the hidden murder, the renewed attempt to murder indias plurality of thought and ideology, the imperative characteristic of a civilized democratic society.
so right-thinking fellow indians, lament even more.
gauri was not merely a left-of-centre, agnostic, rationalist and fearless journalist.
she was much more.
she personified the right that the constitution gives us, to differ and dissent, to have more than one single dogma to choose from and vigorously oppose, by non-violent means, the superimposition of one thought over every other.
that is why her killing is an endeavor, by those who pledge allegiance to an ideology different from hers, to eliminate what she had come to be an epitome of.
the rss condemned the murder on the same day, but karnataka bjp mla jeevaraj has now said that if gauri hadnt written against the sangh parivar, she may have been alive today.
is this an admission of guilt by the establishment?
is this why ravishankarprasad prasad, law minister and senior bjp spokesperson, came on tv three days after gauris murder, to ask why indias intellectuals and secularists do not condemn the murders of bjp workers in karnataka and kerala?
without participating in the game of whodunit, or speculating whether it was an organized murder by hired hands on the orders of any extreme right wing organization or the handiwork of a lone wolf, let us see what gauris killers were trying to achieve.
there is a chilling parallel here to the strategy adopted by the is (islamic state) terror outfit.
the tactic is to scare into silence propagators of an alternative thought and in so doing, snuff out all opposition.
the endgame is to ensure that only one single code of belief prevails.
like the is, gauris assassins are engaging in a battle of perception.
they too want to build and reinforce the acuity that they are all powerful, so powerful that they can kill in cold blood anyone one dares to stand up against them.
the daring murders of rationalist and kannada scholar mm kalburgi (2015) as well as two other rationalists, govind pansare(2015) and narendra dabholkar (2013) which remain unsolved to date, are essential for these people so as to build a profile of a mighty power which will not spare any dissenting voice.
for them the expansion of their command and control is the means to an end.
or is it the other way round?
is the spreading of an ideology by all means at their disposal, a methodical way to seize power, to command and control?
the is encourages action by lone actors who serve their purpose and virtually leave behind no trail.
lone wolfs are products of indoctrination and the building of a frenzy over a so-called doctrine.
the is is always quick to take ownership of terror triggered by one man acting on his own or with a small group not assigned to do so by the central leadership.
it does this to project itself as a force that is potent and all pervasive.
we dont know whether the sanatan sanstha, an organization implicated in the murder of at least two rationalists follow the is in this expansion of influence or not.
it seems as if several organisations dont like to take credit for killings and murders.
yet like the is, they hype their views to such an extent that a person or persons may become motivated to take action which will be approved, appreciated and welcomed, even if not directly ordered, by their leaders.
though they do not publically take ownership of violent acts in the name of their ideology, they allow the expanding of the perception that the job has been carried out by their very own crusader.
this again is meant to showcase the magnitude of the acceptance of their ideology and their reach.
the outrage at the gunning down of gauri lankesh is not a comment on the ideology she was committed to and whether it is right or wrong.
it is about allowing space for varied thought and ideology and the freedom to live by it without the fear of being silenced by the gun.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that the union cabinet approved an ordinance to amend the commercial courts, commercial division and commercial appellate division of high courts act.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that the union cabinet approved an ordinance to amend the commercial courts, commercial division and commercial appellate division of high courts act.
seeking to improve indias ranking in the ease of doing business index, the government on wednesday approved an ordinance to amend a law for faster disposal of commercial disputes.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters that the union cabinet approved an ordinance to amend the commercial courts, commercial division and commercial appellate division of high courts act.
according to the bill which is pending in parliament, the specified value of a commercial dispute will be brought down to rs 3 lakh from the present rs 1 crore.
the proposed ordinance will replace the pending bill.
it would bring down the time taken from the present 1,445 days in resolution of commercial disputes of lesser value.
ease of doing business is an index of world bank which refers to the dispute resolution environment in a country which facilitates the investors in deciding for setting up of and operation of a business.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)government is committed to complete independence of the judiciary, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said.
he urged lawyers to volunteer to help the poor get access to justice and highlighted the steps being taken by the centre to reduce pendency, including minimising litigation by the state and meeting the long-standing demand of filling up vacant posts of judges.
the prime minister has said that government is committed to independence of the judiciary and that it should be complete, prasad said at the closing ceremony of the allahabad high courts sesquicentennial celebrations.
he said the government is committed to reducing pendency of cases, an issue highlighted by prime minister narendra modi as well as chief justice of india j s khehar at the event.
as a step in this direction we are setting up sahayata kendras (facilitation centres) that will be devoted to speedy disposal of such cases as may have been pending for 10 years or more.
a pilot project for legal aid was being launched for uttar pradesh and bihar, the minister said.
prasad exhorted those involved in the legal profession to help the government in achieving its objectives by devoting their time and energy in cases that may be pro bono and may not bring publicity.
the minister said that the process is on for finalising a national litigation policy.
already, i have at the direction of the prime minister written to chief ministers of states and my colleagues in the union council of ministers to ensure that the number of cases filed by the government is reduced as far as possible.
there has been a long-standing demand for filling up of vacant posts of judges.
that too will be taken care of, prasad said.
the union minister was speaking in the presence of prime minister narendra modi, uttar pradesh governor ram naik and chief minister yogi adityanath, among others.
there are nearly 5,000 vacancies in the subordinate judiciary.
there are as many as 2.
7 crore cases pending in subordinate courts, and 38.
7 lakh cases pending in the high courts.
while the appointments in the higher judicary have been delayed over the tussle between the centre and the supreme court collegium over memorandum of procedure, the centre has often faulted the judiciary over the vacancies in lower courts.
however, the supreme court collegium last month finalised the mop for appointment of judges in the higher judiciary, ending a year-long face-off with the executive by agreeing to include the contentious clause of national security in selection of judges.
hailing the contributions of advocates in the freedom struggle, the minister said luminaries like mahatma gandhi, sardar patel and rajendra prasad had placed an ideal of kaabil vakil, tyaagi neta (competent lawyer, sacrificing leader) which all ought to follow.
prasad also recalled landmark judgements passed by the allahabad high court, including the one whereby the election of the then prime minister indira gandhi was declared illegal and another one way back in 1901 which held that a widow was entitled to receive maintenance.
i was myself privileged to be a counsel in yet another landmark case  the ayodhya title dispute.
i do not wish to speak about this case much since an appeal challenging the high court order is pending before the supreme court, prasad said.
cji dipak misra is under pressure to convene a formal collegium meeting where justice k m josephs name can be unanimously reiterated.
cji dipak misra is under pressure to convene a formal collegium meeting where justice k m josephs name can be unanimously reiterated.
a brief informal meeting of four of the five most senior judges of the supreme court took place on wednesday afternoon where finalisation of the memorandum of procedure (mop) and the reiteration of justice k m josephs name for elevation to the apex court were discussed.
this was the first such meeting among these judges after the formal collegium meeting on may 2 which was expected to reiterate the name of chief justice of uttarakhand high court, justice k m joseph, but deferred its decision.
justices ranjan gogoi, kurian joseph and madan lokur met chief justice dipak misra in his chambers around 4.
15 pm.
justice j chelameswar was on leave and was not present at the meeting.
however, the indian express has learnt that he has written to the chief justice and three fellow-members of the collegium making clear his reiteration of the name of justice k m joseph for elevation to the supreme court.
in fact, as there is unanimity in the collegium over reiterating his name, cji misra is under pressure to convene a formal collegium meeting where justice k m josephs name can be unanimously reiterated.
according to current norms, the centre, on receiving a reiteration from the collegium, would have no choice but to issue a presidential warrant and swear him in as a judge of the supreme court.
that can only happen once the chief justice convenes a formal meeting of the collegium and places that on the agenda.
sources say there are apprehensions that if the chief justice bundles other issues or names, the centre may again segregate the names and swear in judges selectively.
last time, in addition to justice k m joseph, another aspect twinned with the agenda was, to consider the names of judges from calcutta, rajasthan, and telangana & andhra pradesh high courts for elevation as judges of the supreme court, in view of the concept of fair representation.
this was seen as the sticky point that would give the impression that the judiciary had buckled and was giving the government an easy way out.
at the wednesday meeting, the three judges also raised issues regarding the finalisation of the mop, the system which decides the terms of engagement between the judiciary and the executive.
it was agreed that the judiciary needs to stand up to the government which has been maintaining that the mop has still not been finalised as it is pending with the collegium.
the supreme court has maintained that it is final as far as it is concerned and there will be no further changes.
but the centre has been suggesting that the final call on the mop is yet to be taken.
the finalisation of mop was also part of issues raised by the law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in his letter to the chief justice on april 30 which has irked the judges.
they want the cji to clarify the matter to the government.
meanwhile, in his letter to his colleagues in the collegium, justice j chelameswar has made clear that k m josephs name must be reiterated, as there is no change in the facts on the ground regarding his case.
this is the second letter on record that justice chelameswar is learnt to have written regarding justice k m josephs elevation.
the first letter was in 2016, to the collegium, when justice t s thakur was the chief justice and his name had formally come up for discussion.
in an unusual move, the centre had returned the name of justice k m joseph while issuing the presidential warrant for ms (now justice) indu malhotra, who was sworn in last month.
justice k m joseph was part of the two-judge bench which struck down the centres decision to impose presidents rule in uttarakhand in march 2016.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has denied that this has anything to do with the government returning his file for reconsideration.
the law ministers letter to the chief justice mentioned seniority being disregarded, the fact that he was from kerala, which already has representation and the fact that there were no judges form sc/st backgrounds.
the collegium maintains that ranking in the all india list was not the reason for other elevations; kerala is a large court and its only representative justice kurian joseph would retire later this year and that if sc/st judges were to be picked then they could be considered later, and this need not be linked to justice k m josephs elevation.
the supreme court is currently functioning with 24 judges as against the strength of 31, sanctioned by parliament.
b'rubbishing the governments claim of any wrongdoing in the 2g spectrum allocation,bjp today asked why a raja was forced to quit as telecom minister if the loss to the exchequer estimated at rs 1.
76 lakh crore was not true.
if the entire argument is that there was no loss to the exchequer then why did raja resign from the government?
asked senior leader arun jaitley.
telecom minister kapil sibals entire argument is fallacious.
he is just playing with statistics confusing the position (he is playing) the pac+jpc+cbi all rolled into one and contending that there is no loss as far as revenue is concerned, jaitley,who has come here to participate in the bjp national executive meeting beginning tomorrow,told reporters.
the leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha said that sibal has missed the basic point.
when spectrum was allotted in 2008,why was it done at 2001 prices?
he asked.
jaitley said an all-india licence was taken at the cost of rs 1,651 crore by a licencee who sold a large part of its equity to foreign investors at usd 2 billion.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad described as reprehensible sibals comments against the cag.
he has chosen to publicly criticise and condemn a constitutional body like the cag when the entire report of cag is under scrutiny before the pac where the department of sibal could have filed its objections as per parliamentary norms, prasad told pti.
he alleged that sibal has over-reached the entire parliamentary propriety and charged him with breach of privilege.
sibals entire comment is an attempt to justify in an overt or covert manner the inglorious corruption of raja in upa ii which has caused serious loss of tax payers money in lakhs of crores, prasad said.
the rajya sabha mp said the telecom ministers belated justification would only further expose the corruption on upa ii.
b'prime minister modi stressed that mps should spend at least two nights in dalit-dominated villages.
prime minister modi stressed that mps should spend at least two nights in dalit-dominated villages.
days before b r ambedkar jayanti on april 14, when the union government will launch a three-week gram swaraj abhiyan, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday sensitised his council of ministers and party mps to aggressively reach out to the rural and dalit population and highlight welfare schemes of the government.
the prime minister, who addressed the mps via teleconference and ministers at an evening meeting, asked every mp to provide 100 free lpg connections on ujjwala panchayat day on april 20, sources said.
the government has already announced the gram swaraj abhiyan to reach out to poor households from april 14 to may 5.
the campaign is to promote social harmony, reach out to poor households, feedback on programmes and enroll in new initiatives according to the official notes.
during the 45-minute teleconference, which began with a tribute to social reformer jyotiba phule on his birth anniversary, modi repeated that mps should spend at least two nights in dalit-dominated villages.
the focus of his address was that as public representatives, we must go to people to see that the programmes have had the desired impact on the ground.
he also advised us to give importance to improve the delivery system.
it was a message for social and developmental outreach, a bjp mp said.
the mps said that modi was acerbic in his attack on opposition parties for stalling parliament.
he said that those who lost power in 2014 are still playing politics of arrogance and hunger for power.
he said all these (disruptions in parliament) were being done to hurt the interests of the poor and stall development works, the mp said.
the mp quoted the prime minister as saying that the opposition did not let a single business be transacted in the house.
to protest against the washout of the budget session, the prime minister and bjp leaders will observe a day-long fast thursday.
home minister rajnath singh, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and commerce minister suresh prabhu will participate in the fast in delhi.
many other ministers will observe the fast in various parts of the country.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman will be in chennai, hrd minister prakash javadekar in benguluru, mos for parliamentary affairs vijay goel in tamil nadu, mos for external affairs m j akbar in vidisha, madhya pradesh and tourism minister k j alphons in kerala.
health minister j p nadda will be in modis constituency varanasi, while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will be in patna, sources said.
all party mps will observe a fast in their respective constituencies.
bjp chief amit shah will hold a sit-in at hubli in karnataka the same day.
for the gram swaraj abhiyan, the government has deputed 968 officials across 484 districts to act as nodal officers for coordinating the efforts of the centre and the states in achieving 100 per cent saturation coverage under select government flagship programmes.
states like karnataka, which goes to polls on may 12, west bengal where panchayat elections will be held next month, delhi and goa were excluded.
amit shah in odisha.
(pti photo) amit shah in odisha.
(pti photo)bjp president amit shah exhorted partymen on saturday to ensure that the party wins from panchayat to parliament and every state, and that the country achieves its place among the comity of nations.
it was only then that he would call it the bjps golden era, shah said.
sixty per cent of the political space is already occupied by the bjp.
but we cannot sit idly, resting on our laurels, shah was quoted as saying at the bjp national executive, that began here on saturday, by senior party leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
in 2014 it was said that the bjp had reached its peak.
the bjp continued its victory streak.
in 2016, it was again said that the bjp had reached its peak.
but our party president said the bjp is yet to reach its peak.
we have 13 cms, we want all states to have bjp cms, prasad said.
the bjp chief asked party office-bearers and ministers to spend 15 days each month to reach out to workers to the booth level, covering five states and uts, giving three days to each.
shah himself will be visiting andaman and nicobar islands, kerala and gujarat, prasad said, apart from spending 95 days till september visiting polling booths across india to have a profound connect with every booth worker in the country.
we have to pledge that the bjp should be there from the panchayats to parliament.
every state should see this, in every state, we have to take the bjp to power.
once we achieve that, we can say that the bjps golden era has come, shah told over 300 national executive members, including ministers.
it should not just be the partys success but the countrys success as well, he added.
we should see to it that the country reaches a high position among the comity of nations.
once we achieve that, we can say the bjps golden era has come.
the national executive is meeting for the first time after the bjps recent poll success, resulting in the party forming governments in uttar pradesh, uttarakhand, goa and manipur.
it is the first time in 20 years that the party is holding its national executive in odisha, which is high on the list of states that the bjp wants to win.
earlier, prime minister narendra modi held a roadshow on his four-km ride to the national executive from the bhubaneswar airport, leaning out of his vehicle and stepping out to greet supporters who lined the roads.
at the beginning of his speech, shah talked specifically of states going to polls next, gujarat, himachal pradesh and karnataka, and said that the bjp was taking a resolve, in this land of the jagannath temple, to win all with a massive majority.
shah talked about political violence in states such as kerala, west bengal and tripura, warning, i want to tell those who are unleashing violence on bjp workers in kerala and west bengal that if you want to suppress us with violence, the bjp will rise more.
bjp workers do not get scared of violence.
we will work peacefully, with determination.
taking on the naveen patnaik government in odisha, shah said it had failed on almost all fronts.
the hard work and struggles of odisha bjp workers would soon bear fruit.
the next government in odisha would be the bjps.
evms an excuse, accept defeat: shahquestioning the oppositions criticism of evms, amit shah said it was an insult to the authority of the election commission.
accusing the opposition of not accepting defeat gracefully, he said, it is expected that defeated parties accept their loss with honesty.
but now they are finding excuses.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that shah had pointed out that when the upa won in 2004 and 2009 and when the aap won in delhi, when the bjp was defeated in bihar and when the congress won in punjab, the same evms were used.
the opposition has today no answer to our 325 seats and three-fourth majority, and so they are making evms and other excuses, shah said.
responding to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwals comment that he had ways to hack evms, prasad said, a chief minister, an alumnus of iit, claimed that evms can be tampered in 70 ways.
we didnt expect a cm to claim himself to be a hacker.
b'sri lanka, bangladesh, morocco, mauritius have approached india for sharing of knowledge and knowhow of the digital infrastructures like digital identity and digital locker system, he said.
(bjp twitter) sri lanka, bangladesh, morocco, mauritius have approached india for sharing of knowledge and knowhow of the digital infrastructures like digital identity and digital locker system, he said.
(bjp twitter)nations like sri lanka and bangladesh have approached india for sharing of knowledge and expertise on digital infrastructure including digital identity and digital locker system, parliament was informed on wednesday.
the government has been offering technology and training expertise to various developing and least developed countries under bilateral and multilateral capacity building programmes, electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written reply in lok sabha.
sri lanka, bangladesh, morocco, mauritius have approached india for sharing of knowledge and knowhow of the digital infrastructures like digital identity and digital locker system, the minister added.
the government, over the last three years, has set up centres of excellence for software training, demonstrating indias prowess in it and it-enabled services in tanzania, papua new guinea, egypt, morocco, peru, ecuador and costa rica, among others.
telemedicine networks in armenia, kyrgyzstan, digital library infrastructure in bhutan, and e-office suite for sri lanka have been deployed, he noted.
the government has also provided high performance computing facilities to a number of countries for education and training, prasad said.
he added that it professionals from 161 countries have also been trained in advanced information and communication technologies under the programmes of indian technical and economic cooperation and india africa forum summit.
b'prime minister narendra modi (pti/file photo) prime minister narendra modi (pti/file photo)law minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said that the modi government believes in inclusive society and respects the vibrant cultural diversity of india.
in a series of tweets, he stressed on the governments inclusive policies, a day after he had said that the government has given muslims proper sanctity even though they do not vote for the saffron party.
my stand is very clear.
the narendra modi government believes in inclusive society.
it respects the vibrant cultural, diversity of india.
every indian, be it hindu, muslim, christian or a citizen of marginalized deprived community.
development of all is our primary concern.
we dont measure the development of indian citizens on the yardsticks of vote bank, he said.
he also cited incidents of modi acknowledging services of muslims from different walks of life.
prasad said he was proud of imran khan of alwar whose information technology work was talked about by modi in his speech in london.
i salute karimul haq, tea garden worker whose selfless ambulance service to people impressed narendra modi to honour him with padma award, he said in a tweet.
b'file photo: prime minister narendra modi with his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
pti photo by vijay verma file photo: prime minister narendra modi with his sri lankan counterpart ranil wickremesinghe before a meeting at hyderabad house in new delhi on thursday.
pti photo by vijay vermathe cabinet was on wednesday informed about a memorandum of understanding (mou) signed between india and sri lanka for promoting co-operation in information technology (it) and electronics field.
the pact was signed on january 15, 2018 during the visit of minister of electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad to sri lanka.
an official release said that the cabinet meeting chaired by prime minister narendra modi has been apprised of a mou between india and sri lanka for promoting co-operation in the field of information technology and electronics.
the mou aims to promote co-operation in the areas such as e-governance, m-governance, electronics-public services delivery, cyber security, software technology parks, startups ecosystem, among others.
it will be implemented by constituting a working group comprising representatives from both the sides, the release added.
bilateral co-operation in ict domain both b2b (business to business) and g2g (government to government) will be enhanced, the statement noted.
b'a mobile phone was seized from the bolero car on monday.
(source: ians) a mobile phone was seized from the bolero car on monday.
(source: ians)bihar police on monday said they have filed an fir against sitamarhi bjp leader manoj baitha and were in the process of arresting him in the muzaffarpur hit-and-run case in which nine children lost their lives on saturday.
sources also claimed that baitha was himself driving the bolero, which is registered in his name, but police said investigations were on.
a mobile phone was seized from the bolero car on monday.
police sources said cctv footage obtained from a toll tax point at runi saidpur in sitamarhi, about 35 km from the accident spot, reportedly showed baitha sitting in the car at 12.
38 pm.
the accident took place around 1.
30 pm.
also read: cops say bjp leader owns suv that ran over nine studentsmeanwhile, rjd leaders protested outside the bihar assembly over the incident, demanding immediate action from the government.
bihar deputy chief minister sushil modi on monday said strictest action would be taken against the accused irrespective of his party affiliation.
no question of saving the person because of relations with bjp or rjd.
i called muzaffarpur sp yesterday & said strictest action should be taken.
innocent children were killed & there is no bigger crime than this, he said.
following the accident, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad announced cancellation of holi celebrations at pnt community house in patna planned for march 1.
congress president rahul gandhi took the opportunity to assail bihar chief minister nitish kumar over the liquor ban in the state.
in dry bihar, one drunk bjp leader killed nine students by running over them.
is this the reality of the liquor ban in bihar?
gandhi asked.
9     !
?
?
office of rg (@officeofrg) february 26, 2018nine children of dharampur middle school were killed by the speeding suv when the students were crossing the national highway on their way back home, triggering outrage in the area.
kumar, had on sunday expressed concerns over the increasing number of road rage cases in the state and assured strict action against the guilty.
according to police, three people fled the spot after the car knocked down the children, aged between seven and 13 years.
confirming that baitha was a functionary with the partys sitamarhi district unit, bihar bjp spokesperson rajiv ranjan had said: what we have learnt so far is that baitha was not in the vehicle.
leader of opposition in assembly, tejashwi prasad yadav, has accused the bjp of trying to shield its leader.
there seems to be an attempt to shield manoj baitha.
b'our commitment, modijis commitment and the ndas commitment to the welfare of the dalits is complete and total, said prasad, adding that the party has the largest number of dalit mps.
our commitment, modijis commitment and the ndas commitment to the welfare of the dalits is complete and total, said prasad, adding that the party has the largest number of dalit mps.
under fire, the government said on monday that it does not agree with the supreme courts reasoning on the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
the government of india, with great respect, does not agree with the reasoning given by the supreme court as far as the judgment is concerned.
surely, the senior lawyers of the government of india in the supreme court will argue this matter with legal preparation and authority.
this judgment needs to be reconsidered, said union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
our commitment, modijis commitment and the ndas commitment to the welfare of the dalits is complete and total, said prasad, adding that the party has the largest number of dalit mps.
the bjp has been a well-wisher of the scheduled castes, scheduled tribes and obcs from the days of jan sangh.
the party has taken several decisions in their interest.
the atal (bihari vajpayee) government amended the constitution to restore their constitutional rights, said social justice and empowerment minister thaawarchand gehlot.
the escalating protests across the country seem to have forced the governments hand.
we did not want dalits to be on the streets against the government at a time when the party is preparing to face crucial electoral battles, said a senior bjp leader.
besides criticism from the opposition, the bjp has been facing protests from within too.
its bahraich mp, savitri bai phoole held a rally in lucknow on sunday, where she targeted the government on the reservation issue and crimes against dalits.
last week, the ndas dalit mps met prime minister narendra modi and asked the government to file a review petition.
on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)despite objections from the centre, the supreme court collegium on friday stood by its recommendation to elevate uttarakhand chief justice justice k m joseph as judge of the apex court.
the move comes two weeks after the union law ministry asked the collegium to reconsider its january 10 proposal to elevate him.
the five-member collegium, comprising chief justice of india dipak misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan b lokur and kurian joseph, which met this afternoon, said that on principle, it unanimously agreed that the recommendationshould be reiterated.
the resolution added that the said reiteration should also be accompanied by the recommendation of the names of chief justices of high courts for elevation as judges of the supreme court, for which detailed discussion is required.
also read: the judiciary is being undermined on multiple frontsin view of this, the meeting, it said, stands deferred for being held at 4.
15 pm on wednesday, 16th may, 2018.
todays unanimous reiteration comes as a relief to those looking to the courts next moves in its bid to assert its independence with the centre.
it is believed that just sending justice k m josephs name back would have suggested that the apex court was directly challenging the centre and so, a middle-of-the-road course was adopted.
under this, the justice joseph file would be sent along with names of other judges for the supreme court.
this, after detailed discussions at the next collegium meeting.
such a move is also seen as softening the act of reiterating a name that the centre has been seen to be particularly averse to.
there are some indications that separate files could be sent  one for justice k m josephs name and the other for more judges.
but it remains to be seen what the centre does when it formally receives the reiteration.
according to current norms, a unanimous reiteration must be agreed to by the centre and the judge must be sworn in.
read | not avenging justice k m josephs uttarakhand order: ravishankarprasad prasadthe collegium had last met on may 2 to reconsider the case of justice k m joseph in view of the letter from the government.
also on the agenda then was considering names of judges from high courts of calcutta, rajasthan and telangana & andhra pradesh for elevation to the apex court in view of the concept of fair representation.
later on may 9, three members of the collegium  justices gogoi, lokur and kurian joseph  had an informal meeting with the cji where they discussed the justice k m joseph issue.
though justice chelameswar, who retires on june 22, wasnt present at the meeting, he backed reiteration of the name.
though the names of justice k m joseph and senior advocate indu malhotra were recommended together, the government only approved malhotras name  that too more than three months after the collegium had approved them  and returned justice k m josephs name on april 26 for reconsideration.
malhotra has since been sworn in as a judge of the supreme court.
the delay in finalisation of the january 10 recommendations touched off protestations within.
in a strongly worded letter to cji misra, justice kurian joseph said the very life and existence of the supreme court was under threat and history will not pardon us, if the court doesnt respond to the government sitting on the recommendation.
he said this is the first time in the history of this court where nothing is known as to what has happened to a recommendation after three months.
returning justice k m josephs name, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in a letter to the cji, underlined that this proposal for reconsiderationhas the approval of the honble president and the honble prime minister and had listed reasons why his appointment at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
read | who is justice kuttiyil mathew joseph?
these include: justice joseph is at no.
42 in the all india high court judges seniority list; his parent high court of kerala has adequate representation in the supreme court; several high courts are not represented in the supreme court at present; and, there is no representation of scheduled caste/scheduled tribe communities in the supreme court since long.
critics, however, sought to link the governments decision not to return justice k m josephs name to his 2016 decision to overturn presidents rule imposed by the nda government in uttarakhand.
but government sources denied this saying justice j s khehar who headed the constitution bench which struck down the national judicial appointments commission had gone on to become chief justice of india.
b'bharat bandh: visuals of protest in ahmedabad.
(express photo by javed raja) bharat bandh: visuals of protest in ahmedabad.
(express photo by javed raja)at least seven persons were killed and several others, including policemen, were injured in violent clashes on monday during the nationwide bandh called by dalit groups against the supreme court verdict diluting certain provisions of the scheduled caste and scheduled tribe (prevention of atrocities) act.
in madhya pradesh, four people died during the protests, while one was killed in rajasthans alwar and one in uttar pradeshs muzzafarnagar.
violence was also reported from parts of punjab, bihar, jharkhand among other places.
section 144 was imposed and mobile internet was suspended in areas where violence was rife.
as protests intensified, the centre asked state governments to take preventive steps and ensure the safety of lives of people and property.
centre asks sc to reconsider decisionthe centre also filed a review petition in the apex court against its verdict.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will argue the matter with full authority in the top court and appeal for reconsideration.
the centre was not a party in the proceedings at all.
and therefore, a very comprehensive review has been filed.
and the government of india with great respect does not agree with the reasoning given by the supreme court in the matter, he said.
home miniter rajnath singh also said that the government is committed to the welfare of dalits.
appealing for peace and calm on twitter, he wrote, i am deeply pained by the acts of violence and loss of precious lives in some parts of the country today during protests.
rahul calls bjp anti-dalitcongress president rahul gandhi, meanwhile, slammed the rss and the bjp for the condition of dalits in the country.
it is in the dna of the rss/bjp to keep dalits at the lowest level in indian society.
anyone who challenges this thought is crushed with violence.
our dalit brothers and sisters are today on the streets demanding protection of their rights from the modi government.
we salute them.
rss/bjp  dna                  -                     #bharatbandh  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) april 2, 2018follow bharat bandh live updatesbharat bandh: protests on roads, railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) bharat bandh: protests on roads, railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh)mayawati denies bsps role in violence, lashes out at modi govtthe opposition, however, attacked the centre for not taking enough measures in the wake of the bandh call today.
bsp chief mayawati lashed out at the government calling it anti-dalit.
the backwards are not getting their constitutional rights.
bjp is always doing politics of caste.
the dalit and adivasi communities are angry over the supreme court judgment on the sc/st act.
they have been raising this concern but the central government chose to keep mum.
the former uttar pradesh chief minister also said that her party is not responsible for the violence in uttar pradesh.
the central government took a lot of time in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict on the sc/st act.
had they filed the review petition in time, there wouldnt be any protests or bharat bandh, she added.
the sentiment was echoed by congress leader ghulam nabi azad.
i charge the central government, and not the supreme court, that this law was weakened and diluted because the central government did not represent the case properly before the court, congress leader ghulam nabi azad said.
he also termed todays bharat bandh as a success against the governments failure and weakness.
congress leader mallikarjun kharge said the law had an impact on 23 per cent of the indian population and alleged that the government took this case lightly.
see pics | protests against sc/st act turn violentbharat bandh: protestors blocked rail traffic in vadodara (express photo by bhupendra rana) bharat bandh: protestors blocked rail traffic in vadodara (express photo by bhupendra rana)kejriwal supports dalit protestsdelhi cm arvind kejriwal extended his support to the dalit protest, saying that fundamental intent of the act should be preserved.
the govt should also hire top lawyers for the petition in the apex court, aap chief wrote on twitter.
the cpm also condemned the violence and said, the situation has arisen because of the failure of the modi government to present an effective case against the dilution of the prevention of atrocities act.
from rohith vemula to una flogging and destruction of ambedkar statues, we have seen how this govt has dealt with issues pertaining to dalits.
rss  bjp ideology has been the driving force in targeting of dalits in this regime, cpm leader sitaram yechury wrote on twitter.
why has it taken such protests for the govt to file a review petition on the sc/st prevention of atrocities act?
if its intentions were honest, why did it not make the case properly in the supreme court in the first place?
sitaram yechury (@sitaramyechury) april 2, 2018read | four killed in madhya pradesh as protests turn violent, curfew imposedcms of bjp rules states appeal for peaceamid the reports of violence in uttar pradesh, chief minister yogi adityanath called for peace in the state.
the law and order should not be disturbed by these protests.
the government is serious towards the development and progress of dalits.
i appeal to them not to disturb the law and order, he said.
madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and rajasthan chief minsiter vasundhara raje also reiterated that the government is dedicated for the welfare of the dalit community.
punjab cm amarinder singh also requested the people to ensure that the law and order situation is maintained in the state.
in order to protect honest public servants discharging bonafide duties from being blackmailed with false cases under the act, the apex courts judgment, pronounced on march 20, had diluted its stringent provisions mandating immediate arrest.
the verdict is being widely criticised by the dalits and the opposition who claim that the dilution of the act will lead to more discrimination and crimes against the backward community.
chief justice of india j s khehar(file photo) chief justice of india j s khehar(file photo)the credibility of the legal system and the rule of law have come under severe strain in the absence of timely help to poor and illiterate indians, chief justice of india j s khehar said today.
the cji made the observations while highlighting the importance of para legal volunteers (plv) who, according to him, enabled ordinary and helpless people to avail the benefits of the legal system for alleviating their sufferings and injustice.
in the absence of timely help to most indians, the credibility of the legal system and the rule of law comes under severe strain, he said, stressing that the poor and illiterate indian were the main clients of the justice system.
law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who also spoke at the two-day national meet of para legal volunteers here, emphasised the use of technology in providing access and administration of justice.
inaugurating two-day national meet, the cji said the service to poor was a super divine duty being carried out by the volunteers, which was move than the divine duty discharged by the judges.
the last-mile connectivity for a villager under the plv scheme was not the lawyers but the plvs working under the competent legal authorities which impart awareness of laws and legal system to them, he said.
when the disputes are such that they are beyond the capacity of these volunteers who have basic training in law, they approach the nearest legal services authority for a dispute settlement mechanism like lok adalat, mediation or more formal legal remedies.
these volunteers trained under the 2009 para legal volunteer scheme act as filters relating to the number and nature of disputes that need to be formally and institutionally dealt with by the legal services.
para legal volunteers save time and money of the poor, the official administration and the courts, justice khehar said.
lauding nalsas poverty allevation scheme, he said it ensured that the benefits of various anti-poverty schemes of the central and the state governments actually reach the intended beneficiaries.
emphasising the need for restructuring its approach and design, the cji favoured skill-driven plvs who can properly research and investigate facts or laws related to a case.
in fact, this will develop para legal volunteer as multi skilled individual and enhance his or her performance as the critical interface between the common litigant and the courts by a process of upgradation that opens more opportunity for them, he said.
the minister emphasised the need for increasing use of technology in the judicial process.
time is changing fast and with the changing times, we have to change our technology.
technology is a very important tool in the administration of justice.
in a country of 125 crore people, 108 crore people have mobile phones, among whom 35 crore have smart phones, which will very fast reach 50 crore figure, prasad said.
he said 113 crore people have aadhaar cards but refused to speak on it further saying the matter was sub-judice.
noting that good governance can be delivered with the help of technology, he said with governments scheme of common service centre (csc), people in villages and in small towns could avail digital services like making of ration cards, pan cards, aadhaar cards or booking of railway tickets.
we have decided to link the csc with the access to justice.
now these centres could help dalit women, kashmiri women and people from north east to get access to justice, he said, adding that cscs were being opened in 1,000 panchayats of uttar pradesh and bihar and soon 800 such centres will be opened in jammu and kashmir and the north east.
justice dipak misra, the executive chairman of nalsa, said this year has been dedicated as the year of excellence to access to justice through para-legal volunteers.
through these legal volunteers, the poor people of the country will be able know about government schemes and seek redressal of their grievances, he said.
several supreme court judges, high court judges and judicial officers from various trial courts across the country were also present at the event.
b'there has been a lot of learning.
the incoming government had a naive faith in a lok sabha majority as a guarantee of legislative power.
there has been a lot of learning.
the incoming government had a naive faith in a lok sabha majority as a guarantee of legislative power.
the past is prologue.
it has given us a good idea of how much has been achieved and how much there is yet to do.
it has also revealed to the pm himself his strength and his weaknesses.
there have been successes in raising indias image abroad.
the look east policy, the pakistan initiatives, the chabahar challenge  all bear modis signature.
the economy has been strong despite the two droughts.
even inflation  onion prices, dal prices  has not made headlines lately.
having lost delhi in overconfidence and bihar in a tactically bad campaign, assam has restored the nerves.
modi is a winner.
amit shah has corralled the culture warriors within his party.
that assures success.
there has been a lot of learning.
the incoming government had a naive faith in a lok sabha majority as a guarantee of legislative power.
it got hung up on rajya sabha numbers.
it took some time to realise that a majority in the rajya sabha was not on the cards even under the best case scenario till 2019.
the prime ministers lack of delhi experience showed.
as an outsider, he takes the rules of the parliamentary game literally.
parliament in india does not work on raw numbers, but on the capacity to make deals.
the previous four governments since 1989 which had five-year terms never had a majority; they survived by doing deals.
but to modi, deal-making smacked of corruption.
so precious time was spent on learning the wisdom of experienced players.
the same goes for the executive.
a provincial chief minister is a dictator.
a prime minister has to seek cabinet support.
modi trusted civil service too much as an instrument of implementation.
the bureaucracy is clever and efficient but not quick.
the government has taken two years to realise that the psu banks need consolidation at the very least and privatisation is the best option.
but modi is a moderate conservative, not a reforming radical.
the price is slow progress and the stagnation of manufacturing, because the government dare not change labour laws.
so while modi is still nmero uno, there is a whiff of disappointment at the slowness of change.
a slew of new initiatives have been launched by the pm, but they cannot disguise the lack of radical reform of the old moribund structure he inherited.
there are only 1,092 days left.
an end to the drought will help enormously.
suresh prabhu and nitin gadkari are making massive investment in infrastructure.
piyush goyal should have sorted out the power problem within the next year and ravishankarprasad prasad, the issues with communications.
make in india, start-up india, swachh bharat and the social welfare initiatives will bear fruits soon.
the trajectory of growth rates would be upwards to 9 per cent in the next three years.
the government must realise that you dont need a majority to get legislation through, but goodwill.
do not worry about the congress (apart from unparliamentary conduct).
find support from others.
nor should it worry about the siren voices asking it to ditch raghuram rajan.
a local passport does not matter as much as competence and confidence of the global markets.
offer him an extension and hope he accepts and does not have better jobs to go to.
then re-election with a bigger majority would be a good bet.
b'ravi shankar prasad also questioned rahul gandhis arrogance after getting a zero in nagaland and tripura assembly polls.
(file photo) ravishankarprasad prasad also questioned rahul gandhis arrogance after getting a zero in nagaland and tripura assembly polls.
(file photo)slamming congress president rahul gandhi for his speech at the party plenary, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said rampant lies have become the hallmark of the new congress president.
gandhi, who became party president in december, said on sunday, that the bjp, like the kauravas, fought for power, while his party, on the lines of the pandavas, battled for truth.
he also accused prime minister narendra modi of symbolising crony capitalism and called bjp president amit shah a murder accused.
rampant lies, falsehood, and shameful parading of lies have become the hallmark of the new congress president rahul gandhi.
we thought after becoming president, he will be a little modest, prasad told reporters outside parliament.
the senior bjp leader and law and justice minister also questioned gandhis arrogance after getting a zero in nagaland and tripura assembly polls and losing deposit in phulpur and gorakhpur.
in the last 10 years of the upa government, so many landmines were left behind by the previous government.
they keep on blasting and they are now asking us questions?
he said in a reference to corruption scams.
the volley of criticism following gandhis speech began with defence minister nirmala sitharaman saying that the party which questioned the fundamental existence of lord ram wanted to now identify itself with the pandavas.
sitharaman had said it was astonishing that the congress president chose to make allegations against the bjp chief even though he has been cleared by a court.
the country is undergoing a digital transformation backed by 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users and 111 crore aadhaar holders, it and electronics minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(source: express photo) the country is undergoing a digital transformation backed by 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users and 111 crore aadhaar holders, it and electronics minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(source: express photo)national institute of electronics and information technology (nielit) today launched a programme to train small and medium traders in various modes of digital payments.
nielit, under the ministry of it and electronics, would conduct the programme through five regional workshops, 30 state workshops and 100 digi dhan campaigns.
at the regional level, the programme will be rolled out in delhi, jaipur, kolkata, chennai and mumbai.
we need to recognise that this is the changing face of india.
the country is undergoing a digital transformation backed by 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users and 111 crore aadhaar holders, it and electronics minister ravishankarprasad prasad said while launching the initiative.
watch what else is making news:this comes at a time when the government is pushing for increased adoption of digital transactions post demonetisation.
prasad added that demonetisation should be seen as transformative and not a standalone programme, as it has been effective in clamping down on corruption, terror funding and money laundering.
he urged the trading and business community to turn digital transactions into a national movement.
the training programme is aimed at enabling adoption of digital payment mechanisms such as unified payments interface, unstructured supplementary service data, and aadhaar-enabled payment system by the trading community.
about 13,500 small and medium unorganised/self organised businesses/ traders are targeted, an official release said.
the confederation of all india traders (cait) would be mobilising traders and trade union leaders for training on digital payment initiatives.
b'ljp chief ram vilas paswan, who along with thawarchand gehlot met prime minister narendra modi, said it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
ljp chief ram vilas paswan, who along with thawarchand gehlot met prime minister narendra modi, said it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
a delegation of ndas sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, on wednesday met prime minister narendra modi to discuss the supreme court judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
modi-ji listened to us and heard our concerns, paswan told reporters after the meeting.
on march 20, the supreme court diluted stringent provisions mandating immediate arrest under the sc/st prevention of atrocities (poa) act.
it took note of the rampant misuse of the stringent act against government servants and held that a public servant can only be arrested after approval of the appointing authority.
a non-public servant can be arrested after approval by the senior superintendent of police (ssp) which may be granted in appropriate cases if considered necessary for reasons recorded, it said.
gehlot recently wrote to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad about a review plea against the supreme court verdict.
he noted that there were concerns that the order would make the law ineffective and adversely impact the dispensation of justice to dalits and tribals.
b'suspended bjp mp ram jethmalani today gatecrashed into the parliamentary party meeting of the main opposition and accused it of being soft on the upa government on the corruption issue.
though jethmalani is not permitted to attend the weekly parliamentary party meeting of the bjp,he stormed into the venue in parliament house complex and accused the party of being too mild,sources said.
suggesting that the oppositions attack needs to be sharpened,jethmalani said bjp was not slamming the government as vociferously and strongly as it should have done on the issue of corruption.
he alleged that bjp is in a state of flux and not active enough in targetting the ruling party.
jethmalani also asked the party leadership as to why no action has been taken on removing him from the party though over three months have passed since he was served a notice.
he said he should either be thrown out of the party or the notice be taken back.
jethmalani was suspended on november 25 last year after he attacked the party over certain issues.
all bjp mps,including parliamentary party chief l k advani,leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj and her rajya sabha counterpart arun jaitley,heard jethmalani in silence as he spoke for 10 minutes before walking out in a huff,the sources said.
bjp mps ananth kumar,ravi shankar prasad and shahnawaz hussain among others spoke against jethmalanis behaviour and said this should not be tolerated.
several mps suggested that he should be thrown out of the party.
bjp top brass,however,is of the opinion that expelling jethmalani from the party will increase his damage potential and nuisance value as he will be free to speak his mind in the rajya sabha.
this would harm the party even more.
he may be issued a show cause notice on his conduct today,some of the mps said.
as a suspended member,jethmalani is bound by bjp whip and can speak or cast his vote in the house only as per the directions of the party.
meanwhile,party insiders said a decision on jethmalani may be taken soon in view of his outburst against bjp.
bjp president rajnath singh was not present in the meeting.
soon after the bjp parliamentary party meeting,senior leaders who are members of the partys parliamentary board,its top decision-making body,met at advanis office in parliament house and discussed the issue.
among those who attended the meeting included rajnath singh,swaraj and jaitley.
jethmalani has also written to the party president seeking an early decision on his suspension after a notice was served on him.
the noted lawyer,however,did not take any telephone call despite repeated attempts.
b'it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)in its first public remarks on the issue, the central government said thursday that it is examining the desirability of filing a judicial review against the supreme court order last week that laid down stringent safeguards before registering a case under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad said the department of legal affairs has been instructed to consider the desirability of filing a review and that appropriate action will be taken once the ministry tenders its opinion.
there is widespread concern regarding this issue.
we understand the sensitivity of the matter.
the government has taken note of the judgment of the supreme court laying down new norms as far as the sc and st acts operation is concerned.
i have instructed the ministry of law to consider the desirability of filing a review.
appropriate follow-up actions are to be taken by the ministry, prasad said.
the move comes a day after a delegation of dalit mps met prime minister narendra modi over the issue.
read | in uttar pradesh, a bjp dalit mp speaks up: we need to save constitution, bahujanson wednesday, the indian express reported that despite representations and appeals from dalit mps for the governments intervention on the scs order on atrocities act, the centre was yet to commit itself to file a review petition.
on march 20, the bench of justices a k goel and u u lalit expressed concern that working of the sc/st atrocities act should not result in perpetuating casteism and went on to lay down certain procedures to keep a check on false implications of innocent citizens on caste lines.
read | bjps dalit mps want government to file review petition against sc orderthese include allowing anticipatory bail for the accused, requiring a dysp to conduct a preliminary enquiry to rule out frivolous and motivated complaints, and mandating prior sanction of an appointing officer or ssp before arresting a public servant or other citizens.
prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravishankarprasad prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file)the order drew criticism from various quarters  particularly the norm that mandates a preliminary probe by an officer not below dysp rank before arresting a public servant under the sc/st act.
express explained | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showon march 21, bjp dalit mps met union minister for social justice and empowerment thaawar chand gehlot and asked him to take up the matter with the prime minister.
gehlot is believed to have written to the law ministry favouring a judicial review.
nda ally lok janshakti party, through its leader chirag paswan, has also moved the supreme court and filed a review petition against the order, stating that the act had become toothless after the introduction of the new rules.
b'bjp leader sushma swaraj on saturday sought to downplay the divergent views expressed by her and the party after the prime minister owned responsibility for the cvc fiasco,saying there was no difference of opinion and blamed limitations of words in twitter for it.
there is no difference within the party and between me and (arun) jaitley on the issue.
the demands he (jaitley) made,the prime minister had already spoken about it that he (singh) will give a statement in parliament.
that is why i did not put it on the twitter there is a constraint in twitter that you have to say things in 140 characters.
so i did not put it on twitter, she said.
she was responding when pointed out that after the prime ministers statement,she had said that the matter should end but jaitley and party spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad had maintained that it was not enough and singh needed to give a structured response in parliament.
newspapapers have tried to show difference between me and jaitley.
the only difference is that he demanded a statement from the pm in parliament.
in fact pm had said that he (singh) will make a statement in parliament, she sought to explain.
the prime minister yesterday told reporters in jammu that he accepted the responsibility concerning the cvc fiasco.
soon after,swaraj wrote on the twitter,i appreciate the statement of the prime minister owning responsibility for the appointment of cvc,which has been quashed by the supreme court.
i think this is enough.
let matters rest at this and we move forward.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (express photo: anil sharma/file) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (express photo: anil sharma/file)amidst controversies surrounding cambridge analytica and facebook on the data breach issue, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said the government would not tolerate any unauthorised use of data for abuse or to influence elections.
speaking at an interactive event bengaluru it global hub  road ahead, organised by bjps karnataka unit, prasad warned that the government would act tough against anybody abusing data for collateral purposes.
the narendra modi government is very clear.
any unauthorised use of data without the consent of the owner for abuse and collateral purposes or influencing the elections will not be tolerated.
we are very clear about it, he said.
he said five important points are associated with data (data) availability, utility, innovation, anonymity and privacy.
prasad said data is important if india wished to grow.
in a particular area if people are getting infected, because of data we can have a good policy for that.
but it should be an anonymous data.
if innovation is to be done, data availability is important.
let there be privacy in terms of your health condition, your official preferences, relationships which are matrimonial in nature and family matters.
but the issue of privacy is overblown by those who talk of right to information and also talk of privacy, he added.
he said government had issued show cause notices to cambridge analytica and facebook on the data breach issue.
prasad on march 29 said the government had given notices to facebook and cambridge analytica on the data breach issue and would decide on the action to be taken after receiving their responses.
the it ministry had on march 28 issued a notice to social networking giant facebook, seeking its response over the user data breach and details of steps it has put in place to ensure safety and prevent misuse of personal data.
it raised five questions for facebook, including whether personal data of indian voters and users has been compromised by cambridge analytica or any other downstream entity in any manner and gave the networking giant a deadline of april 7 to send a detailed response.
a similar notice was earlier sent to cambridge analytica over media reports of questionable practices attributed to the uk-based firm in their efforts to influence elections by harvesting data of facebook users.
read | who needs your data?
and should you be worried?
to a question on the misuse of digital platform, prasad emphasised that he advocated free media and free speech.
but if anyone abuses social media to encourage extremism,terrorism and communalism, that becomes a matter of concern, he said.
the minister said that a committee, headed by retired judge sri krishna, has been asked to submit a report on data protection law which would come out soon.
the it minister also rejected the suggestion to link aadhaar with voter id, saying though he was personally not in favour of it, those opposing aadhaar would accuse the narendra modi government of snooping on everyone.
the aadhaar and voter id cards operate in different fields, he said, adding a voter id has much more details, which is lacking in the aadhaar card.
both of them (aadhaar and voter id) operate in different fields.
you go to cast your voteif you show your aadhaar card, you will not be allowed to cast your vote unless you show your voter id card.
read | q&a: what is the cambridge analytica-facebook controversy all about?
the larger issue is that if everything is linked to aadhaar, then the great supporters of anti-aadhaar will say that the narendra modi government is snooping on everything, boarding, what you are eating, which cinema you are going.
i dont want that, said the union minister.
prasad said that aadhaar during upa government did not have any legal backing, whereas the nda government brought a separate law for it.
he also expressed anguish over the pathetic infrastructure in bengaluru, despite the city being the it hub of india.
he said enormous delay in metro rail project and flooding in bengaluru had hit the headlines.
b'bjp president amit shah in mumbai, friday.
(prashant nadkar) bjp president amit shah in mumbai, friday.
(prashant nadkar)stepping up his attack on opposition parties, bjp president amit shah on friday compared them to snakes and mongoose, cats and dogs, all traditional rivals now forced to come together on a tree to escape the flood of prime minister narendra modi in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
later, shah sought to explain his remarks by saying that he had referred to parties such as sp-bsp and congress-tmc, which are ideologically on opposite sides but forced to come together to counter modijis influence.
the remarks drew a furious reaction from the congress with senior leader anand sharma describing it as shameful and condemnable and reflective of the bjps mindset.
read | amit shahs animal remarks on opposition speak of his mindset, shameful: congressaddressing a rally in mumbai to mark the bjps 38th foundation day, shah said, 2019 ke karyakram ki shuruvat ho gayi hain.
sara vipaksh avahan karta hai ikattha aao.
maine ek varta suni thi.
jab bahut badi baath aati hai, toh saare pedh-paudhe pani mein beh jaate hain.
ek vatvruksha akele bach jata hai.
toh saanp bhi uss vruksh par chad jata hain, nevla bhi chad jata hain, billi bhi chad jati hain, kutta bhi chad jata hain, cheetah bhi chad jata hai, sher bhi chad jata hai.
kyunki neeche paani ka dar hai, isiliye sab ek hi vruksh par ikattha hote hain.
yeh modiji ki jo baadh aayi hai, iske dar se saanp, nevla, kutti, kutta, billi, sab ikattha hokar chunav ladne ka kaam kar rahe hain.
(the programme for 2019 has begun.
the entire opposition is giving a call for unity.
i had heard a story.
when there is a big flood, all the shrubs and trees drown in the water.
only the banyan tree survives.
so the snake climbs on that tree, the mongoose also climbs, the cat also climbs, the dog also climbs, the lion also climbs.
because there is the fear of water below, all of them gather on that one tree.
fearing the modi flood that has come, snake, mongoose, bitch, dog, cat, all of them have come together to fight the elections.
)however, speaking to reporters later, shah said, maine saanp aur nevala ka udaharan isliye diya kyunki ye hamesha virodh mein rehnewale prani hain.
aur woh aam taur par ikattha nahin aate.
modiji ke prabhav se woh ikattha aaye hain.
phir bhi unko bura laga toh mein unka naam leta hun.
sapa-basapa, congress-trinamool.
ideologically virodh mein hain aur ikattha hue hain.
tdp-congress.
(i gave the example of snake and mongoose because they are animals who are always rivals.
and generally, they do not come together.
modijis influence has brought them together.
even then, if they felt bad, i take their names.
sp-bsp, congress-trinamool.
ideologically different and yet they came together.
tdp-congress.
)also read | bjp a party of all indians, for whole india: ravishankarprasad prasadthe remarks were made against the background of the bsp supporting sp to win two seats in the up bypolls last month.
shah was also referring to the congress taking the lead in getting its ideological rivals to join hands and take on the bjp in 2019.
pointing to the congresss rout in the up bypolls, shah took a dig at the partys new president.
probably, rahul gandhi must be the first leader who is distributing sweets even after his party lost its deposit in the two bypolls, he said.
referring to the recent meeting between gandhi and the ncp chief, shah said, ncp president sharad pawar has given him an injection, and rahul baba is jumping up and down.
he has the audacity to ask modi what the government has done in the last four-and-a-half years.
but the congress chief, claimed shah, is unmindful of the questions people are asking his party for its misgovernance over six decades.
calling on bjp workers to take pride in their partys electoral success, shah said, there is no reason to go on the defensive when we have pulled off brilliant victories in haryana, jharkhand, assam, uttarakhand, uttar pradesh, goa, tripura, nagaland, j&k, manipur across the country, the bjp is leading in as many as 21 states.
and at the centre, it has the mandate of 330 seats along with its alliance partners.
b'attacking prime minister manmohan singh in the wake of 2g spectrum and other scams,bjp leader rajnath singh has said that he should step down on moral grounds.
manmohan singh has no moral right to stay in power and must step down in the interest of the country, ghaziabad mp rajnath singh said here.
bjp spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad had yesterday also accused the prime minister of being a silent spectator when former telecom minister a raja flouted his directives for ensuring fairness and transparency in the allocation of the 2g spectrum.
addressing a public rally here last evening,singh also slammed mayawati government for deteriorating law and ordersituation in uttar pradesh.
to give a clean chit to criminal ministers and mlas is an indication to support them and is a way to pollute politics which badly affects law and order situation in the state, the former bjp president said.
no one is safe in up and the bsp supremo who claims to a dalit has failed miserably to safeguard dalit women,singh said.
bjp vice president kalraj mishra said that the bjp activists would launch an agitation beginning today till february 21 at the district headquarters to uproot up chief minister.
b'a day after bsp supremo mayawati sought its support for a bill seeking reservation in promotion for sc/st employees,bjp on wednesday asked her to back the opposition in its fight against corruption in upa government.
i want to request mayawati that she should at least once support us in our fight against corruption against so many scams such as the 2g,cwg,there is issue of airport land and coalgate, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
i just want to say that mayawati should come in our support in fight against the corruption in the upa regime, prasad said.
he said,the fight for social justice will continue and it must go on.
mayawati along with her party colleague satish chandra mishra had earlier today met leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj and her rajya sabha counterpart arun jaitley,urging them to allow parliament to function so that this bill could be taken up.
the bjp had told her that it will take a final call on the issue after a discussion in parliament.
b'ravi shankar prasad (file photo) ravishankarprasad prasad (file photo)law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday accused congress chief sonia gandhi, her daughter priyanka, and west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee of practising vote bank politics by keeping silent on the issue of triple talaq.
he also lashed out at congress leader kapil sibal for comparing muslims faith in triple talaq to those of hindus in ram temple, calling it disgraceful.
prasad said sibal compared a social bane to the majority communitys belief.
in an interaction at aaj tak, he said rajiv gandhi might have bowed under pressure on muslim womens rights but prime minister narendra modi will stand solidly with them.
he was apparently referring to the shah bano case in which a 62-year-old muslim woman was divorced by her husband.
she filed a criminal suit in the supreme court and won alimony.
however, she was subsequently denied the alimony when parliament reversed the judgement.
naming prominent women leaders, including bsp chief mayawati, he said their silence was a clear example of vote bank politics.
incidentally, it was gandhis death anniversary today.
triple talaq is not a matter of religion but gender equality, prasad said.
he also downplayed reports of confrontation between the government and the judiciary but added that the former is doing doing its job and the latter has to do its own.
the government is working on digitisation of courts, he said, adding that it is appointing justice friend to help dispose cases older than 10 years.
b'congress president rahul gandhi at a roadshow on sunday.
(photo: pti) congress president rahul gandhi at a roadshow on sunday.
(photo: pti)congress president rahul gandhi on sunday took to twitter to launch an attack on prime minister narendra modi over alleged data theft through the official namo app.
the bjp hit back, accusing rahul of lying and said the data is being used for only analytics using third party service.
it added that analytics on user data is done to offer users contextual content.
targeting the prime minister, rahul tweeted, hi!
my name is narendra modi.
i am indias prime minister.
when you sign up for my official app, i give all your date to my friends in american companies.
in a counter attack, bjps official handle stated, narendra modi app is a unique app, which is unlike most apps, gives access to users in guest mode without even any permission or data.
the permissions required are all contextual and cause-specific contrary to rahuls lies, fact is that data is being used for only analytics using third party service, similar to google analytics.
analytics on the user data is done for offering users the most contextual content.
it added: this ensures that a user gets the best experience by showing content in his language & interests.
a person who looks up agri-related info will get agri related content easily.
also read | narendra modi android app sharing personal info of users without consent: researcherthe war of words came against the backdrop of the misuse of facebook data by british firm cambridge analytica.
the data mining and analysis firm has come under the scanner for alleged breach of facebook user data.
the indian government has now sought information about its clients in india and whether it had harvested their user profiles.
ovleno business intelligence, the india partner of cambridge analyticas parent company, strategic communications laboratories, mentioned bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website, which was taken down earlier this week.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has accused congress of having links with cambridge analytica.
the congress has denied the allegation and claimed that the bjp and its ally in bihar, jd(u), engaged the data firm in elections, including the 2014 lok sabha polls.
in his tweet on sunday, rahul attached a news report stating that french vigilante hacker elliot alderson has purportedly alleged that data was stolen from his official app  namo app  without consent of the users.
reacting to rahuls tweet, the bjp said: rahul gandhi is in sublime form these days.
after mri & ncc, today he exposes his great knowledge about technology.
he is so rattled by the cambridge analytica expose that he daily tries to divert attention from it, yesterday it was the judiciary and today it namo app.
accusing congress of stealing data, the bjp said, rahul gandhi truly shows why he and his party have zero knowledge of technology.
all they do is scare the masses about technology while they continue to steal data using brahmastra of cambridge analytica.
bjp today dismissed textiles minister dayanidhi marans explanation on pay-offs to family-owned sun tv network and alleged that it was a simple case of bribery and quid pro quo as he gave licenses and allotted spectrum to aircel in 2007 at 2001 rates.
dayanidhi marans alibi that investment by maxis company of malaysia in sun direct tv after he ceased to be the telecom minister is all humbug.
the economic investment committee of the cabinet,which is empowered to deal with foreign investment,had given permission to invest in february 2007 when maran was minister, bjp chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here.
he alleged that maran gave licences and more spectrum to aircel at give-away prices.
the bigger question here which maran should address is at what rates were new licences given?
as far as we are informed,aircel was given licenses for 14 new areas and also additional spectrum in 2007 at 2001 rates though now the tele-density was very high.
this is a case of bribery and quid pro quo, prasad said.
the opposition also asked prime minister manmohan singh to break his silence on the issue and ensure a fair cbi investigation.
the prime minister has not spoken for the last three days.
he should not repeat his mistake.
earlier,he had sought to defend a raja saying he was innocent.
now he is in jail.
please speak up.
ensure a fair cbi investigation into this case otherwise the country will have to draw the conclusion that manmohan singh only defends the corrupt, prasad said.
maran had yesterday said he had not favoured any particular company in granting uasl licence when he was telecom minister.
union hrd minister smriti irani union hrd minister smriti iraniwhen union minister ravishankarprasad prasad saw his cabinet colleague smriti irani outside parliament, he jokingly asked her how she was outside during the process of guillotine (voting on demands for grants) in the lok sabha.
the lok sabha was discussing the demand for grants for housing and urban poverty alleviation ministry.
irani gave a tongue-in-cheek response.
i am being guillotined everyday, she remarked.
phone diversionparliament discussions tend to last long, sometimes for several hours.
at such times, mps find their cellphones quite handy.
on tuesday, two union ministers seemed quite occupied with their phones as the rajya sabha discussed the working of the health ministry.
ministers najma heptullah and maneka gandhi were seen busy with their smart phones in the afternoon, even as mps raised concerns about the commercialisation of healthcare.
no entryafter the bjp parliamentary party meeting in the parliament library building got over on tuesday, party chief amit shahs vehicle went to pick him up.
however, the security personnel did not allow the vehicle to enter the high security area in front of the entrance that the prime minister uses.
they said only the vehilces of the pm and other spg protectees were allowed beyond the barriers in front of gate no.
4.
the driver told them the car belonged to the bjp chief.
a personal aide of shah also rushed forward to convince the security personnel, but the latter refused to oblige.
when his aide informed shah about the situation, he uncomplainingly walked up to the barrier and got into his car.
do saal baadas the narendra modi government is all set to celebrate its two-year anniversary, the press information bureau has drawn up a list of slogans for the pm to choose from.
last years celebrations had the tagline saal ek shuruaat anek.
the suggestions for this year range from do saal mein kiya kamaal, jo sarkaar nahi kar payi saat (60) saal and do saal badla desh ka haal to do saal behtar hua desh ka haal.
b'where is the delay, ravishankarprasad prasad asked, according to pti.
let me ask rahul gandhidid he appeal for peace and calm yesterday?
there is tension in the country and congress is trying to fuel it.
where is the delay, ravishankarprasad prasad asked, according to pti.
let me ask rahul gandhidid he appeal for peace and calm yesterday?
there is tension in the country and congress is trying to fuel it.
while union ministers on tuesday pointed fingers at opposition parties for protests during mondays bharat bandh spiralling out of control at places, dalit outfits that organised the bandh maintained that the centre is to be blamed for its failure to protect the basic rights of dalit and adivasi people to carry our peaceful protest.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad alluded that the opposition may have abetted violence and pointed out that the bjp-governed states were the worst-hit.
the surrounding circumstances were too suspicious, pti quoted prasad as saying.
union minister for social justice and empowerment thaawarchand gehlot blamed the congress and the bsp for provoking protesters.
the incidents that have happened in the wake of yesterdays bandh show that opposition parties have, instead of taking a positive role, played a negative role.
they provoked sc, st and other people, leading to rioting and casualty, he said.
both ministers also dismissed charges that the government delayed taking a stand on filing a review petition in supreme court against the courts order on the sc/st act.
where is the delay, prasad asked, according to pti.
let me ask rahul gandhidid he appeal for peace and calm yesterday?
there is tension in the country and congress is trying to fuel it.
gehlot said, i had very early conveyed that we will file a review petition.
opposition parties too should have told people to end the andolan until the supreme courts final order on the matter.
instead, political parties, mainly congress (and) bsp, were part of the rallies, worsening the situation.
minister of state ramdas athawale, however, called the protests a spontaneous act by different dalit organisations.
the sc first gave directives against reservations in promotion.
dalits and adivasis were already angry about it.
when the recent order came diluting the atrocities act, dalits took to the streets to protest.
there was no single party or organisation behind it.
it is not an act against the government.
taking on congress, he said, seven people are dead but the congress is politicising the issue.
k ananda rao of all-india dalit rights federation, one of the organisers of the bandh, said, the bjp, rss, and bajrang dal are to be blamed for whatever violence occurred during our protests.
balwinder singh of jan samman party said, in rajasthan, ring-wing karni sena was responsible for pelting stones at peaceful protesters.
it was the governments duty to give us security for the march but as usual they failed us.
if all our demands for strengthening the act are not met by august 15, over 10 lakh bahujans will assemble in delhi to raise voice against this government.
athawale reiterated his earlier stand about extending 25 per cent reservation to the economically backward among savarnas (caste hindus) without touching the existing 49.
5 per cent reservation for sc, st and obcs.
stating that he has discussed this issue with prime minister narendra modi, he said, i will also write to the pm and ask him to release the caste census data  doing so will not increase casteism in any way.
the nda government is yet to make public the caste census data even as it released the data on rural and urban socio-economic indicators more than two years ago.
b'congress president rahul gandhi.
(express file photo by anil sharma) congress president rahul gandhi.
(express file photo by anil sharma)congress president rahul gandhi on saturday launched a scathing attack on union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad for not paying attention to the appointment of judges in the courts but peddling fake news.
taking to twitter, the congress president stated how cases in all the courts are pending.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court 55,000 + high court 37 lakh + lower courts 2.
6 crore + yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news, said rahul.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court55,000 + high court37 lakh + lower courts2.
6 crore + yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news.
#judiciarydemonetisedpic.
twitter.com/qspkciupkw  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 24, 2018he also took a swipe at prime minister narendra modi over the delay in appointment of judges to the supreme court.
justice k m joseph, overturned presidents rule in uttarakhand in 2016.
when his name was proposed for the supreme court, modi jis ego was hurt.
approval of over 100 judges, cleared for the supreme court and various high courts are now on hold.
#judiciarydemonetised(sic), he said in another tweet.
prasad had recently targeted rahul over facebook data leak scandal involving political data analytics firm cambridge analytica (ca).
the union minister had alleged that the gandhi scion used the services of cambridge analytics in gujarat assembly elections in 2017.
addressing a presser on thursday, he insisted that the congress has used the services of cambridge analytica, which has been accused of harvesting peoples data from platforms like facebook unlawfully to influence elections in different countries.
he said several media reports about the opposition party using the services of the firm had appeared in october and november last year and it never denied those stories till the bjp raised the issue.
this came after the congress chief said the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from the killings of indians in iraq as it was caught lying on the issue.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul gandhi tweeted.
on wednesday, prasad questioned links between the congress and the data mining firm, which is at the centre of controversy in the united states and britain after being accused of harvesting personal information from facebook illegally to influence polls in several countries.
citing media reports about the congress plan to use the firms service for next years lok sabha elections, prasad, the law and it minister, called upon rahul gandhi to explain the companys role in his social media outreach.
the bjp leader said the number of gandhis twitter followers had shot up recently and wondered if it was due to the services of the firm that he achieved this fake popularity.
however, congress media in-charge randeep surjewala said neither his party nor rahul gandhi has ever hired the services of the beleaguered company.
the union minister, who highlighted a number of achievements of the nda government, said the countrys economy was on a good wicket during the last four years.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) the union minister, who highlighted a number of achievements of the nda government, said the countrys economy was on a good wicket during the last four years.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)india is becoming a major manufacturing hub of mobile phones with the number of handset factories in the country going up to 120, union minister for law and justice and electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad said.
when our government came, there were just two mobile factories in india.
just two.
how many factories have come in india?
120 in the last three-and-a-half years.
india is becoming a big manufacturing hub of mobile phones, he said.
the government was pushing medical electronics and other areas in electronics in a big way, he said.
prasad was addressing a meeting on four years of modi governance: key initiatives and development outcomes, organised by the telangana unit of the bjp.
the union minister, who highlighted a number of achievements of the nda government, said the countrys economy was on a good wicket during the last four years.
four years down the line, india has got the highest foreign investment.
be it imf, be it world bank, be it another international think-tank, moodys, indias (growth) rate shall be 7.
3 percent to 7.
5 percent.
inflation is under control, he said.
prasad, the law minister, said the nda governments commitment for a free judiciary is impeccable and complete.
many top leaders now in the government had fought against the emergency for three freedoms  individual freedom, press freedom and independence of the judiciary, he said.
he said judicial appointments must be fair, reasonable and that marginalised communities should also find a space in judicial appointments.
those who do not have a family pedigree should also get into a judicial appointment.
those things we are insisting.
but in a spirit of friendship, in a spirit of reciprocity, the minister said.
the constitutional principles, including rule of law, secularism, democratic principles and separation of power, must be adhered to, he said.
what i mean is, governance must be done by those voted by the people of india to govern and lawmaking must be made by those elected to make laws by people of india and accountable to the people of india.
this principle needs to be kept in mind, he said.
the union minister highlighted the powers of the judiciary, including the power to quash any law, and also talked about the need for accountability in the judiciary.
b'both the rajya sabha and the lok sabha have not transacted any substantial business ever since parliament reassembled on march 5 after a recess to carry forward the budget session, due to the protests over bank frauds, cauvery river water, special status for andhra pradesh and issues relating to the dalits.
both the rajya sabha and the lok sabha have not transacted any substantial business ever since parliament reassembled on march 5 after a recess to carry forward the budget session, due to the protests over bank frauds, cauvery river water, special status for andhra pradesh and issues relating to the dalits.
the rajya sabha on tuesday transacted business just for 37 minutes as 41 newly-elected members of the house took oath in presence of prime minister narendra modi and his predecessor manmohan singh.
finance minister arun jaitley, who was re-elected to the upper house from uttar pradesh, was also appointed the leader of the house.
of the 58 members, elected from 15 states in elections last month, 41members, including union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, prakash javadekar, thaawar chand gehlot, jagat prakash nadda and dharmendra pradhan, took oath of affirmation on tuesday.
among other prominent new members were congresss abhishek singhvi and rjds manoj kumar jha.
the members took oath in nine different languages.
both the rajya sabha and the lok sabha have not transacted any substantial business ever since parliament reassembled on march 5 after a recess to carry forward the budget session, due to the protests over bank frauds, cauvery river water, special status for andhra pradesh and issues relating to the dalits and backward communities.
on tuesday too opposition members reached the well of the house shouting slogans, prompting chairman venkaiah naidu to adjourn the house for the day.
the centre is facing difficulty in choosing the chief and members of lokpal due to absence of leader of opposition in lok sabha.
(source: pti photo) the centre is facing difficulty in choosing the chief and members of lokpal due to absence of leader of opposition in lok sabha.
(source: pti photo)top ministers in the modi government, including home minister rajnath singh and finance minister arun jaitley today discussed issues related to operationalisation of proposed anti-corruption ombudsman lokpal.
the meeting came after the supreme court said on thursday that the lokpal act was a workable piece of legislation and that it was not justifiable to keep it pending.
the meeting, which was held at singhs north block office, was also attended by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and minister of state for personnel jitendra singh, official sources said.
some issues related to operationalisation of lokpal were discussed during the meeting, a source said.
the previous upa government had introduced a bill in parliament seeking setting up anti-graft body lokpal at the centre and lokayuktas in states to look into cases of corruption against certain categories of public servants.
the centre is facing difficulty in choosing the chief and members of lokpal due to absence of leader of opposition in lok sabha.
as per the act, a selection committee headed by the prime minister chooses chairperson and members of the lokpal.
the panel has as its members the lok sabha speaker, leader of the opposition in the lower chamber of parliament, the chief justice of india or a judge of the apex court nominated by him, and an eminent jurist who could be nominated by the president or any other member.
at present, there is no leader of the opposition in the lok sabha.
the largest opposition party congress has only 45 members in the lok sabha and lacks the requisite 10 per cent of total 545 seats for its leader to be designated as lop.
the central government has been examining a report of a parliamentary committee suggesting certain changes in the lokpal act for over a year now.
the department-related parliamentary standing committee on personnel, public grievances, law and justice had on december 7, 2015 tabled its report in both houses of parliament.
the panel had suggested nominating the leader of the single largest opposition party in the lok sabha, in case there is no recognised leader of opposition, as member of the selection panel.
on april 27, the apex court had said the act was an eminently workable piece of legislation and it does not create any bar to the enforcement of the provisions.
nirbhaya gangrape case convicts: akshay thakur, pawan gupta, vinay sharma and mukesh singh nirbhaya gangrape case convicts: akshay thakur, pawan gupta, vinay sharma and mukesh singhthe supreme court on friday upheld the death sentence awarded to four convicts in the 2012 delhi gangrape case by a delhi fast-track court in 2013 and subsequently the delhi high court in 2014, rejecting the appeal filed by the convicts.
akshay thakur, pawan gupta, vinay sharma, mukesh singh, ram singh and a juvenile were held guilty of gang-raping and murdering a 23-year-old student in the national capital.
the victim, who put up a brave fight, died about a fortnight later in a singapore hospital where she was battling for life.
the offence created a tsunami of shock, the apex court observed today.
during the course of the trial, ram singh was found dead in prison.
the juvenile, who was tried by the juvenile justice board, served three years in a remand home and has since been released.
here are the highlights from the supreme court, as well as the reactions to the apex courts order.
for a recap on the entire case, click here nirbhaya gangrape case 2012: a look at what all has happened over the years.
nirbhaya gangrape case highlights:4:30 pm: the supreme courts verdict in the nirbhaya gangrape case is victory of the rule of law, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, is quoted as saying by pti.
favouring death penalty in statute, he says he is satisfied that the provision exists for rarest of rare cases.
for more reactions, click here.
4:20 pm: heres an extract from the scs remarks on the incident that took place in december 2012, which brought about a tsunami of shock:the casual manner with which she was treated and the devilish manner in which they played with her identity and dignity is humanly inconceivable.
it sounds like a story from a different world where humanity has been treated with irreverence.
4:03 pm: i welcome the honble supreme court verdict upholding the death sentences of the accused in nirbhaya case.
justice prevailed, tweets mos for home affairs kiren rijiju.
4:00 pm: it is a good judgement that the supreme court has passed, rajiv mohan, one of the public prosecutor in the lower courts, tells ani.
3:55 pm: justice has finally been done and has brought a closure, puducherry lg kiran bedi is quoted as saying by ndtv.
3:43 pm: surjewala questions why the nirbhaya fund hasnt been used, in a series of tweets.
6       1000   #nirbhaya      !
?
randeep s surjewala (@rssurjewala) may 5, 20173:40 pm: congress spokesperson randeep s surjewala reacts to the verdict.
watch:   #nirbhaya                   ?
pic.
twitter.com/w49nhmsng0  randeep s surjewala (@rssurjewala) may 5, 20173:35 pm: it was very tragic incident, which has blotted the civilization of india.
in my opinion there is no doubt what so ever, that all of them were guilty and i think nothing other than capital punishment should be given by the sc, bjp leader subramanian swamy had told ani, prior to the announcement of the verdict.
3:30 pm: the senior advocate who represented the delhi police, siddhartha luthra, told hindustan times that credit goes to the able team of the delhi police, which collected unimpeachable scientific evidence to prove the case beyond reasonable doubt.
he agreed with the scs verdict, upholding death penalty to the convicts.
3:25 pm: aap leader kumar vishwas reacts to the verdict, saying he is happy that an appropriate punishment has been handed to those who committed the crime behen nirbhaya ham sharminda hain ki hum sabke rehte aisa hua.
ishwar tumhari aatma ko santosh de ki nirmam gunhagaaron ko aakhir uchit saza mili (sister nirbhaya, we are filled with sorrow that in spite of us all being there, such a tragedy happened with you.
may god give relief to your soul that at least the criminals are given appropriate punishment), he tweeted.
3:15 pm: reacting to the supreme courts verdict, nirbhayas mother says that her daughter has got justice, times of india reports.
the victims father added, justice meted to us and the nation which supported our daughter.
asha devi thanks everyone who supported her in the difficult times, reports pti.
though we have lost our daughter, we are satisfied that the court has awarded death sentence to her perpetrators, she says.
3:04 pm: in principle i am against death penalty, but this was such a heinous crime that strictest punishment was needed.
selective nature of the judicial process of our country is why i am against death penalty.
what happened in bilkis bano case, says cpm leader brinda karat.
3:02 pm: madhya pradesh cm shivraj singh chouhan reacts:                          shivrajsingh chouhan (@chouhanshivraj) may 5, 2017                            shivrajsingh chouhan (@chouhanshivraj) may 5, 20173:00 pm: delhi polices investigation stands vindicated.
its an important verdict, said deependra pathak, delhi police spokesperson.
2:55 pm: the victims father has told ani that he is happy with the judgment.
this is a victory for my family, he said.
2:45 pm: here are some other reactions to the supreme court verdict.
dcw welcomes sc decision.
finally, justice was delayed but not denied.
nirbhayas rapists will be served death penalty now  swati maliwal, dcw chairpersonhistoric judgment by supreme court in nirbhaya case.
let this be the beginning of speedy & effective justice for every victim of gender violence  ashish khetan, senior leader, aap2:40 pm: i am happy that the verdict has been upheld though i wish it had come sooner, said women and child development minister maneka gandhi.
she was behind the passage of the juvenile justice bill that was passed earlier this year.
2:35 pm: you cannot sentence somebody to death just to make an example in the society.
human rights is in tatters, said ap singh, the defence counsel.
justice not done, we will file review petition after reading the order.
he also said the death sentence for the convicts is the result of public pressure.
2.
30 pm: heres more on what the three-judge bench of the supreme court said today: the devilish manner in which she was treated seems like a story from a different world humanly inconceivable.
aggravating circumstances outweigh the mitigating circumstances.
the victims dying declaration is consistent; it has been proved beyond doubt and corroborated, the bench said, adding that the nature and manner of the crime devastated social trust, and falls in rarest of rare category warranting death penalty.
2.
20 pm: while the supreme court has passed its order today, the four convicts will be given enough time to decide their next move.
they can file a writ petition in the supreme court and post that they can file a mercy petition before the president.
2.
17 pm: the supreme court has upheld the death sentence awarded to the four convicts.
they will be hanged, says the supreme court.
while reading out the order, the apex court said that the act demonstrates perversion of the accused.
2.
15 pm: as it begins reading out the verdict, the supreme court has said that the criminal conspiracy allegations stand established against the accused.
it also said that the dna profiling of the accused proved their presence in the bus.
the dying declaration of the victim is also consistent, the apex court has said.
2.
00 pm: parents of the victim have arrived and are present in the supreme court.
the court is likely to pronounce its order anytime now, on whether it will uphold the delhi high courts order awarding the death sentence to the four convicts.
1.
55 pm: the matter will come up at 2 pm this afternoon, and lawyers have already started entering the already packed court room in the supreme court.
the case has been closely tracked for the last four years by lawyers, civil society groups and citizens at large.
1.
40 pm: in 2014, when the delhi high court upheld the conviction and death penalty, it termed the offence as extremely fiendish and unparalleled in the history of criminal jurisprudence and said the exemplary punishment was the need of the hour.
1.
35 pm: to recap, the trial court that was set up in 2013, passed its order awarding the death sentence in september that year.
the accused were convicted on all 13 counts and were awarded the death sentence.
the juvenile in the case was sent to a remand home.
the maximum sentence that can be awarded to a juvenile is three years.
1.
30 pm: hours before the supreme court pronounces its order, the mother of the victim, speaking to reporters, had this to say: we have full faith in the judicial system and i am sure that the supreme court will announce death sentence in its verdict for the guilty.
i am sure the supreme court will give justice to my daughter.
this will set an example for the world.
you can read more about it, here.
the victims mother asha devi sits next to her daughters bravery awards in their dwarka residence.
express photo by ravi kanojia.
the victims mother asha devi sits next to her daughters bravery awards in their dwarka residence.
express photo by ravi kanojia.
the protests that followed the 2012 delhi gangrape case saw huge demonstrations, not just in delhi, but in various other parts of the country.
a committee was then set up to recommend changes in existing laws and work towards safety measures for women.
the justice verma committee submitted a slew of recommendations to the central government.
moreover, the then government constituted a nirbhaya fund with rs 1000 crore for works related to the safety of women.
the then government, however, came under severe criticism for failing to use the allocated fund.
b'supreme court of india supreme court of indiaupset over the supreme courts decision to dilute stringent provisions under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, the ruling bjps dalit mps are learnt to have met union minister for social justice and empowerment thaawar chand gehlot on wednesday and asked him to take up the matter with prime minister narendra modi.
read | will seek review of supreme court decision, says original complainantaccording to sources, the mps, including a minister, asked the government to file a review plea in court.
alleging an increase in atrocities against dalits under the bjp-led government, the congress also demanded a review plea or an amendment in the act.
there is serious concern over yesterdays decision of the supreme court there is a feeling of insecurity among scs, sts and other oppressed classes.
we feel there should be a review of this decision, in national interest, said senior congress leader anand sharma.
read | sc/ st act being abused, prior sanction must for arrest, says supreme courtpeople are falsely implicated in murder or dacoity cases too.
why is the demand to save people from being falsely implicated always only in cases of atrocities act.
why is there an attempt to further silence the already oppressed, said congress mp p l punia, former chairperson of the national commission for scheduled castes.
meanwhile, the government said it would study the order.
i will have to examine the order and the issues and concerns over it, said union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
noting that the act was being abused, the supreme court on tuesday laid down stringent safeguards, including provisions for anticipatory bail, preliminary enquiry before registering a case, and prior sanction before arrest.
the supreme court order is a huge setback for the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes.
it violates the fundamental protection provided by the constitution for the weaker sections.
the government should act and take necessary steps to protect the communities, vinod kumar sonkar, mp and head of the bjps sc cell, told the indian express.
it is virtually giving the harassers or assailants impunity, he said.
a bjp leader said the partys dalit mps were very upset.
now the only thing left is to take away the reservation for scs and sts.
i fear things are moving in that direction, said a party mp.
pointing out recent developments, including the ugcs notification of a new formula which would shrink quota in faculty posts, he said the community was watching the developments with fear.
in effect, if a dalit girl gets raped, she will have to wait for a week to get the case registered.
and in a week, things would move in such a swift way that the case would disappear, he said.
what (bsp founder) kanshiramji said decades ago has come true.
he had warned that the manuvadis would use nyaypalikas (judiciary) to attack us.
thats happening now, said the mp, adding that nobody in the government appeared to be seriously worried about it.
there could be exceptions and some may have misused the law.
but there are too many incidents of attacks and atrocities against the communities.
the dalit community is too weak to misuse the laws in many parts of the country.
despite stringent laws, most of the cases are not even getting registered due to pressure from different sources, said the partys etawah mp, ashok kumar dohrey.
now, with the new order, nobody will hear them.
many will not even complain.
they will be too scared to complain.
you have no idea whats happening to such cases in rural areas in india, he added.
dinesh kashyap, lok sabha mp from bastar, reserved for the tribal community, said the order would affect the daily lives of the weaker sections.
the government should take steps to protect them.
we will approach our leadership and i hope they will appeal against it, he said.
rjd mp from banka, jay prakash narayan, said the law should be strongly in favour of the scs and sts, and their rights should be protected.
stating that this was the bjps responsibility, he added: but the bjp government will not do that, because it has manuvadi mentality and it is anti-dalit.
b'ravi shankar prasad prasad at parliament ravishankarprasad prasad prasad at parliamentamid reports that a facebook associate was involved in a massive breach of user information to allegedly influence polls in the us and the uk, union minister for it and law, ravishankarprasad prasad, delivered a sharp warning to the social media giant, saying the government would take stringent action, including summoning its ceo mark zuckerberg to india, in case of any data theft of indians.
speaking to reporters outside parliament wednesday, prasad also triggered a political war of words when he accused the main opposition congress party of having links with cambridge analytica, the facebook associate under the scanner.
the congress denied the allegation and claimed that the bjp and its current ruling ally in bihar, jd(u), had engaged the data firm in elections, including in 2014.
with a us privacy watchdog and british authorities launching probes over the breach by facebook during elections, prasad said the government was in touch with the us federal trade commission and department of justice to assess privacy violations of indian users.
prasad said any attempt made by facebook or its associates to covertly or overtly influence free and fair elections through means that are undesirable will neither be appreciated nor permitted, and would attract charges under the it act.
pointing out that 20 crore indians were using facebook, making it the companys largest market outside of the us, prasad said, mr mark zuckerberg, you better note the observation of the it minister of india.
we welcome facebook in india, but if any data theft of indians is done through the collusion of facebooks system, it shall not be tolerated.
we have got stringent powers in the it act, we shall use it, including summoning you to india.
prasad warned that if need be, stringent action will be taken.
also read | bjp, congress trade charges as cambridge analytica-facebook row intensifieslet me make it very, very clear, we fully support freedom of press, speech and expression, we fully support free exchange of ideas on social media.
but any attempt, overt or covert, by social media, including facebook, of trying to influence indias electoral process through undesirable means will neither be appreciated nor be tolerated, he said.
on the possibility of ordering a probe on facebooks data use, prasad said any specific complaint would be taken up by the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai).
in 2016, the trai had cracked down on what it said was discriminatory pricing for internet access that led to a ban on platforms like facebooks free basics.
we have got a very robust mechanism available, we will look into it.
but today let my warning be heard across the atlantic far away in california, said prasad.
the union minister then targeted the congress, asking whether it would depend on data manipulation and its theft to win elections.
citing reports on uks channel 4 news that cambridge analytica had secretly influenced election campaigns across the world, prasad alleged that the firm had plans to influence polls in india, too.
referring to other news reports, he alleged that the controversial firm was in talks with the congress party for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
why is the congress in love with such firms?
my question to the party is whether to win elections, congress will depend on data manipulation and theft of data?
what is the role of cambridge analytica in the social media profile of rahul gandhi?
he asked.
referring to a series of unsavoury claims made by cambridge analytica ceo alexander nix to an undercover reporter for channel 4 news, prasad said, would the congress now depend on data manipulation and theft to woo the voters?
will they adopt sex, sleaze and fake news to win elections?
denying the charges, the congress party claimed that the bjp and jd(u) had used data firms affiliated to cambridge analytica during the 2014 general elections.
referring to claims made on the website of ovleno business intelligence, an indian affiliate of cambridge analyticas parent company strategic communications laboratories, the congress charged that the firm had furnished a constituency-wise database to the bjp for assembly and lok sabha elections.
cambridge analyticas linked website shows that in 2010 its services were used by bjp-jd(u).
the firms indian partner ovlene business intelligence is being run by bjp allys mps son.
obi companys services were used by (home minister) rajnath singh in 2009, claimed congress spokesperson randeep surjewala.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra denied the charges.
the bjp has nothing to hide we have seen that the company has pulled down its website after an allegation that it was carrying the name of bjp.
as far as cambridge analytica is concerned, it was formed in 2013, so it could not campaign for any elections in 2013-14.
congress has outsourced its campaign for 2019 in a big way.
the government is going to investigate, he said.
in the us, meanwhile, facebook inc and cambridge analytica have been sued for obtaining information belonging to 50 million users without permission.
ap reported that the proposed class-action complaint filed late tuesday night by a maryland resident is the first of what could be many lawsuits seeking damages over facebooks ability to protect user data, and cambridge analyticas exploitation of that data to benefit president donald trumps 2016 campaign.
in london, information commissioner elizabeth denham said she is pursuing a warrant to search cambridge analyticas servers to verify allegations that data of facebook users in the uk were used to influence polls, including brexit.
ceo nix has already been suspended by the data firms board.
communications & it minister ravishankarprasad prasad with minister of state for railways and (independent charge) for communications manoj sinha, mos ramkripal yadav during launch of gangajal distribution at general post master office in patna on sunday.
(source: pti photo) communications & it minister ravishankarprasad prasad with minister of state for railways and (independent charge) for communications manoj sinha, mos ramkripal yadav during launch of gangajal distribution at general post master office in patna on sunday.
(source: pti photo)the governments initiative to deliver gangajal from indian postal services spread across the country was on sunday launched in patna.
under this scheme the pious gangajal, brought from gangotri and rishikesh, would be delivered at the doorsteps of people at nominal prices.
minister of state for communications manoj sinha and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad launched the initiative at a function in the capital city of bihar.
watch video: whats making newsprasad said the scheme has been launched within a short span of its conceptualization.
he said the plan was mooted on may 30, 2016.
sinha on his part said the credibility of postal department is associated with the delivery scheme of gangajal and it would fulfill the expectations of the people.
as per reports, the plan to provide the holy water has already been implemented by some of the e-commerce websites and for a litre bottle sourced from gomukh, the e-commerce company charges rs 299.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said aap kept on attacking the prime minister without any basis.
(source: file) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said aap kept on attacking the prime minister without any basis.
(source: file)hitting out at aap over the objectionable cd involving its former minister, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday said the entire massive mandate of delhi is being wasted by the arvind kejriwal-led ruling party.
they claimed arrogantly to become the custodians of propriety of indian politics.
they were giving certificate of honesty to all.
but what is happening in their backyards, he told reporters on the sidelines of a conference in delhi.
while one former delhi minister (jitendra tomar) was caught with a forged certificate, the convenor of aaps punjab unit was sacked because of corruption, prasad said in an apparent reference to the dismissal of sucha singh chhotepur, while now there were such allegations.
with the alarming regularity with which corruption and impropriety have become the buzzword, mr kejriwal have you disowned completely the legacy of anna hazare?
the senior bjp leader said.
i am sorry to say the entire massive mandate of delhi is being wasted by the aam aadmi party, he said.
prasad said aap kept on attacking the prime minister without any basis.
delhis social welfare minister sandeep kumar was on wednesday sacked by chief minister arvind kejriwal after receiving an objectionable cd in which he was purportedly shown in a compromising position with a woman.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that while the government is supportive of the social media, it will not allow abuse of the platform nor irresponsible traffic in data commerce.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey) it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that while the government is supportive of the social media, it will not allow abuse of the platform nor irresponsible traffic in data commerce.
(express file photo by prem nath pandey)the government will not allow fly-by-night data mining firms to improperly harvest social media data of indian citizens, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
in an interview to pti, he said that while the government is supportive of the social media, it will not allow abuse of the platform nor irresponsible traffic in data commerce.
the government has already slapped notices to the controversial, uk-based data mining firm cambridge analytica for improperly obtaining information from tens of millions of facebook users globally, including in india and is awaiting its response.
no fly-by-night operator will now be able to play with data.
i am all for campaigning on social media and these platforms but you cannot play with the (user) consent, prasad said.
the comments assume significance in the run up to general elections slated next year.
cambridge analytica, a data-mining firm embroiled in a scandal purportedly over its work for us president donald trumps 2016 campaign, is alleged to have improperly obtained information from tens of millions of facebook users to develop political ads.
india, in march, slapped a notice on cambridge analytica to explain if it was engaged in improperly harvesting facebook data of indian citizens.
the second notice was sent last month.
the company has since begun insolvency proceedings in the uk and also filed for bankruptcy in the us after losing virtually all customers and suppliers.
india has sent out a very clear and firm message to these data companies that you cannot take the country lightly i am very firm, we hold our democratic credentials very strongly, said prasad.
the it ministry will wait for cambridge analytica to respond to the second notice, prasad said, adding that a final view in the matter will be taken once the reply comes in.
earlier this month, facebook responded to governments latest notice over alleged data breach, outlining in detail the changes made to protect users information.
but cambridge analytica announced its closure in a statement on its website and claimed it had been vilified for activities that are legal and considered a standard component of online advertising.
indian officials familiar with the line of questioning and notices sent in the data leak matter have said that cambridge analytica had recently indicated to the it ministry that it intends to send response to the government latest notice.
government officials had also maintained that the shutting down of cambridge analytica will not impact its ongoing probe as the liability of the company existed prior to the closure announcement.
stating that he wants india to become a hub of data analysis, prasad said that such aspirations will have to be strictly balanced with adequate safeguards for data protection and respect for user consent.
i want india to become a centre of data analysis but we are very clear that the element of consent has to be given due regardto have a robust balance between a need for data analysis and the need to protect the right of individual data owners, he added.
india is already penning stronger data protection laws and a 10-member committee formed last year under the chairmanship of justice b n srikrishna (former supreme court judge) to give shape to the new data protection framework, is widely expected to finalize it views by next month.
b'randeep singh surjewala randeep singh surjewalathe congress on thursday hit back at the bjp over its latest attack on p chidambaram over the 80:20 gold import scheme.
it said the upa governments curbs on gold imports had hurt gitanjali group of nirav modi and mehul choksi and alleged that the bjp government lifted the restrictions to help them.
addressing a press conference, congress communication department head randeep surjewala accused union minister ravishankarprasad prasad of peddling lies, falsehood and indulging in diversionary tactics.
releasing several documents, he said the upa government had introduced several measures, including restrictions on gold import, to rein in current account deficit in august 2013.
he said the government star trading houses/premier trading houses were permitted to import gold under 80:20 scheme under certain restrictions on may 15, 2014 after representations made by gem jewellery export promotion council and recommendation by directorate general of foreign trade.
result of lok sabha polls was announced on may 16.
surjewala claimed that on august 13, 2014, nirmala sitharaman, then commerce minister, justified in parliament the 80:20 gold import scheme as also permitting import of gold by star trading houses/premier trading houses under the scheme.
he said the union finance secretary too had justified the 80:20 gold import scheme as a correct measure.
he claimed the restrictions had affected the profitability of the likes of nirav modi and mehul choksi and said the gitanjali groups revenues dipped from rs 10,380 crore in 2012-13 to rs 7,343 crore in 2013-14.
while the company recorded a profit of rs 265 crore in 2012-13, it incurred a loss of rs 22.
65 crore in 2013-14, he claimed.
prime minister narendra modi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
(source: pti) prime minister narendra modi at the inauguration of the mahagenco 1980 mw koradi thermal power project in nagpur, maharashtra on friday.
(source: pti)prime minister narendra modi today dedicated 1980 mw of the koradi super-critical thermal power project of state-run mahagenco near nagpur in maharashtra to the nation.
the 1,980 mw capacity includes three units of 660 mw each, which are now completely operational, marking the completion of the last phase of expansion of the project.
the plant currently has one unit of 200 mw, two units of 210 mw each and with the addition of the three units of 660 mw each, its total capacity has increased to 2,600 mw.
with this, the total generation capacity of mahagenco now stands at 12,977 mw, which includes coal-fired capacity of 9,540 mw, gas-based capacity of 672 mw, hydro-based capacity of 2,585 mw and solar capacity of 180 mw.
modi was accompanied by maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis, governor k vidyasagar rao, union roads and highways minister nitin gadkari, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, union power minister piyush goyal, union hrd minister prakash javadekar and state energy minister chandrashekhar bawankule among others.
modi, who was in the winter capital of the state today, also paid tributes to babasaheb ambedkar at deekshabhoomi and attended the inauguration programme of various government schemes, organised by niti aayog, at the divisional sports complex, mankapur.
smriti irani has been removed as i&b minister while piyush goyal has been given the additional portfolio of finance.
(express photos) smriti irani has been removed as i&b minister while piyush goyal has been given the additional portfolio of finance.
(express photos)days before the government marks its fourth year, prime minister narendra modi reshuffled portfolios of his ministers, temporarily assigning finance ministry and corporate affairs to piyush goyal during the period of indisposition of finance minister arun jaitley who underwent a renal transplant surgery on monday.
and removing smriti irani from the information and broadcasting ministry and assigning it to minister of state (independent charge) rajyavardhan singh rathore who has been mos in the ministry since november 2014.
while goyal will continue with his charge of railways and coal ministries, the reshuffle made two lateral shifts as well: alphons kannanthanam was relieved of his duties as minister of state in the ministry of electronics and information technology.
he has been replaced by s s ahluwalia who will assist cabinet minister ravishankarprasad prasad in the ministry.
while kannanthanam retains his duties as mos (independent charge) in the ministry of tourism, ahluwalia has been relieved as mos in charge of drinking water and sanitation to take charge as mos in the ministry of electronics and information technology.
this reallocation of portfolios was announced late evening by rashtrapati bhavan.
since there is neither any new induction nor there is a change in ranks of the reshuffled ministers, no swearing-in ceremony is required for this.
though the press communique called it a reallocation of portfolios, it also signalled the changing political weight of the ministers.
assigning finance to piyush goyal during jaitleys indisposition reflected an enhanced trust in goyals capabilities to handle such a high-profile responsibility while retaining his heavyweight portfolios like railways and coal.
the move also comes after the leg-up goyal got during the cabinet reshuffle last september when he was elevated to cabinet rank and assigned the politically important railways ministry.
the temporary charge of finance adds to the rising profile of goyal who was at the vanguard of defending and explaining demonetisation in the days and weeks after november 2016.
in contrast, divesting irani of her i&b portfolio during an election year sends a signal to the partys rank and file.
irani will retain textiles which she has had since july 2016.
for irani, this is the second downgrade after she was shunted out from the crucial hrd portfolio in july 2016.
iranis tenure in i&b that lasted for less than 10 months was recently dogged by controversy.
most recently, rashtrapati bhavan was peeved at the way her ministry had handled the national film awards; last month, the prime ministers office had to intervene to withdraw her unprecedented order blacklisting journalists in the name of cracking down on fake news; and her running battle with prasar bharati played out in public raising questions of institutional autonomy and government interference.
on may 3, the president was to hand over a select number of awards at the national film awards as had been conveyed to the i&b ministry at least three weeks earlier.
but the ministry sent out invites to the awardees stating that the president would give the awards.
the winners were informed just a day before the ceremony that most of them would get their awards from irani which led to a protest  an estimated 50 of the 125 winners boycotted the ceremony.
this after rashtrapati bhavan had been in touch with i&b ministry since march and had informed them that he would not spend more than an hour at the event.
a month earlier, on april 2, the i&b ministry issued guidelines to blacklist any journalist found to have created and/ or propagated fake news leading to protests by several news organisations and opposition parties.
irani defended her decision but the statement had to be withdrawn in less than 24 hours after the prime ministers office intervened the next morning and directed that the matter of fake news be addressed by the press council of india.
in late february, the ministry had sacked managing director of national film development corp (nfdc) nina lath gupta for allegedly not following protocol in conducting the government companys corporate affairs.
gupta asked to leave with immediate effect, got a stay against her termination from the delhi high court.
the ministry had to backtrack on its order and issued a fresh termination letter to gupta on april 24 withdrawing all allegations of impropriety against gupta embarrassing the government once again.
sworn in as the hrd minister on may 26, 2014, irani had run into several controversies there, too, and was replaced in july 2016 by prakash javadekar.
irani was then moved to the textiles ministry.
in july 2017, when m venkaiah naidu decided to run for vice president of india and stepped down, irani was given the i&b ministry.
just before she was moved out of hrd, her ministry was locked in a tussle with the pmo on the degree of autonomy that the governments proposed world-class universities should enjoy.
this is the fifth reshuffle in this government.
while in november 2014, july 2016 and september 2107, the cabinet saw the induction of new ministers and a reshuffle of portfolios, in july 2017 and on monday there were only lateral shifts.
delhi university student gurmehar kaur had launched a poster campaign against violence by abvp students at ramjas college delhi university student gurmehar kaur had launched a poster campaign against violence by abvp students at ramjas collegedelhi university student gurmehar kaur early tuesday morning announced that shes withdrawing from the save du campaign  thats protesting against student violence on campuses  saying shes gone through enough.
the 20-year-old daughter of a martyred indian army captain was in the eye of storm following her poster campaign on social media demanding an end to violence on campuses, allegedly by abvp students.
im withdrawing from the campaign.
congratulations everyone.
i request to be left alone.
i said what i had to say.
.
i have been through a lot and this is all my 20 year self could take :) she tweeted this morning.
watch video |gurmehar kaur withdraws save du campaign: heres what happenedkaur, however, urged students to go to the protest march taking place today at khalsa college in large numbers.
the campaign is about students and not about me.
please go to the march in huge numbers.
best of luck.
she adds: to anyone questioning my courage and bravery.
.
ive shown more than enough.
one thing is for sure, next time we will think twice before resorting to violence or threats and thats all this was about.
kaur has also alleged that over the last few days, she has received violent threats including those of rape and murder.
on monday, she approached the delhi commission for women asking that the threats be probed.
the dcw then urged the delhi police to take suo-moto action and arrest those guilty.
on monday, union ministers including kiren rijiju targeted kaur questioning who was polluting her mind, to which she responded saying: i have my own mind, nobody is polluting my mind.
i am not anti-national.
watch | what gurmehar kaur had to say on the issuekaur initiated the campaign after her friends were verbally and physically abused at ramjas college in north campus, allegedly by abvp students.
tuesdays rally by students from delhi university has been called to reclaim campuses spaces and demand that those responsible for last weeks violence  including police officials  be brought to book.
union law and communications minister ravishankarprasad prasad condemned the intimidation.
any kind of intimidation of this young girl is wrong and will be dealt with strongly, prasad told the indian express.
he added: everyone has got the right of freedom of speech and expression.
violence is not permissible at all.
but the country also needs to reflect that those who openly talk of breaking india, demanding that kashmir should be given independence and bastar should be made independent, do they have the right to campaign for breaking of india under cover of freedom of speech?
but violence has no place at all.
b'bjp on saturday accused telecom minister kapil sibal of making a frontal attack on the cag by rejecting its estimates of losses of rs 1.
76 lakh crore on account of 2g spectrum allocations and dubbed it as a move aimed at shielding a raja in the scam.
the frontal attack on the cag is designed to save raja in the 2g spectrum scam,bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference here.
the bjp leader also observed that by debunking the cags projection of losses caused by the scam,sibal has sought to overreach the parliamentary process.
the congress is trying to divert attention from the corruption issue.
i will like to ask why you are afraid of jpc?
what you want to hide,prasad wondered.
sibal had yesterday rejected cag estimates of losses of rs 1.
76 lakh crore on account of allocation of 2g spectrum to telecom operators saying it had no basis and was utterly erroneous.
the cag had said that due procedure was ignored and even the recommendations of the telecom regulator trai were not followed in spirit.
prasad urged upa chairperson sonia gandhi not to fire bullet points like limiting the discretionary quota of the mps and take action against corrupt leaders.
the country is mired in corruption and i will urge madam gandhi to fight against the menace and put the culprits behind bar, prasad said.
in a broadside against congress general secretary rahul gandhi and veteran congress leader digvijay singh,he said insurgency has no religion but leaders like rahulji and digvijay singh are unfortunately making statements aimed to create mischief over the issue.
the bjp leader said the proposed vision document for the north eastern region,which will be prepared by the party,will include all the issues including construction of big dams in china and its adverse downstream affect and infiltration across bangladesh borders.
senior bjp leader and pac chairman murli manohar joshi earlier criticised sibal for debunking cag estimates of losses of rs 1.
76 lakh crore on account of 2g spectrum allocation,saying it was improper and demonstrated his very casual approach.
b'aicc in-charge communications randeep singh surjewala.
(files) aicc in-charge communications randeep singh surjewala.
(files)in the wake of the supreme court dismissing pleas seeking an independent probe into the death of special cbi judge b h loya, congress said it was a sad letter day in indias history and added that the ruling has left many questions unanswered.
the party also hit back at the bjp, which alleged that congress chief rahul gandhi was the invisible hand behind the pleas and demanded that he apologise.
accusing the bjp of indulging in cheap politics, congress argued that the party was neither a petitioner nor a party to the case.
the bjps attack on the congress reflects its jitteriness and frustration, said congress communication department head randeep surjewala, adding, if bjp and its spokespersons believe judge loyas death was naturalwhy are they fearing a probe?
when those sitting in the government come out against a probeit creates doubtsthe demand for a probe is opposed only when there is a fear regarding an investigation he said.
also read | judge loya death: case was meant to damage interests of bjp, amit shah, says ravishankarprasad prasadthe congress said the issue of criminality or lack thereof can only be decided through an investigation (and) no one, without an investigation, can decide whether death is natural or not.
we respectfully disagree with the conclusions arrived at (by the supreme court).
we believe there is material that was never placed before the supreme court.
there is material that can only be examined in an investigation and not in a public interest litigation.
there are discrepancies in documents that were not (placed) before the apex court as maharashtra never placed them.
there are pieces of evidence and link chain evidence available and all of which need to be investigated.
and may be post that investigation, the investigators may arrive at the same conclusion as the pil verdict has arrived at.
in the interest of justice, as the maxim says justice should not only be done but seem to be done.
.
so in this case, we believe the matter needs to be thoroughly investigated with all the evidence, documents and discrepancies therein.
so as to arrive at a just conclusion.
he said.
the congress pointed out that four of the seniormost judges of the supreme court had in a press conference mentioned judge loyas case.
are they also anti-nationals, he said.
the congress asked whether statements of some judges made in an administrative enquiry before a police officer can be the sole yardstick for arriving at a conclusion, more so when there is suspicion being raised by available forensic evidence, opinion of experts, documents, discrepancies and statements of various witnesses pointing towards a possible conspiracy?
reacting to the judgement, prashant bhushan, who was counsel for an intervener in the case, tweeted, sc bench headed by cji dismissed the petitions seeking indep inquiry into judge loyas death, saying theres no reason to disbelieve 2 bombay judges who said(w/o affidavit)that 3 judges slept in room with 2 beds.
this despite the ecg & histopath report falsifying heart attack story.
congress party chief spokesperson randeep surjewala.
(file photo) congress party chief spokesperson randeep surjewala.
(file photo)a day after 25 crpf personnel were killed in a naxal ambush, the congress on tuesday launched a frontal attack on the bjp government in chhattisgarh, saying its inability to fight the guerrillas stems from the lack of willingness on the part of chief minister raman singh.
the inability of the state government in fighting naxalism lies in the lack of will of the chief minister, chief congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said.
he also took a swipe at bjp president amit shah over his partys expansion plan, launched from naxalbari in west bengal on tuesday, and said he should instead confer with the prime minister on how to stop naxalism.
dont put party before nation, surjewala said on twitter.
senior congress leader digvijaya singh accused the chhattisgarh chief minister and other bjp leaders, who win elections from naxalism-affected areas, of striking a deal with the guerrillas.
i have said this before and am repeating, that raman singh and all those bjp leaders who have won from naxalism-hit areas have struck a deal with naxals and there is some exchange between them, he said.
surjewala also questioned the central government for its failure to appoint a full-time director general (dg) of the paramilitary force.
the post of the crpf dg has been lying vacant since february.
no crpf dg post feb2017.
nia chief on 2nd extension.
lack of policy,plan & direction to fight naxals confounds bjpgovt.
has bjpgovt framed a congruous & comprehensive policy in 3years to deal with naxalism or was its resolution babble?
(sic) he said in a series of tweets.
congress spokesperson priyanka chaturvedi said the bjp had made strong claims of wiping out terrorism, but in reality the number of casualties of crpf jawans in the state has been the highest during its tenure.
she claimed that the intelligence failure and the lack of coordination between the centre and the state were the main reasons for the deadly naxal attack.
if we are serious of wiping terrorism from across the border, we should be serious about defeating terrorists from within the nation.
the congress made full attempts to defeat the scourge of these terrorists.
we wiped out terrorists in andhra pradesh.
we lost our senior leadership in chhattisgarh to naxal violence.
this was during the bjp tenure.
we have seen no action, she said.
digvijaya singh said naxalism cannot be wiped out till the state government takes the tribals and those living in these areas into confidence and talks to them.
you cannot end naxalism till the time you talk to all.
you have to first take the people living in naxal-affected areas into confidence, he said.
the congress on its twitter handle hit back at union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who asked whether the families of security men killed in the naxal attack have any human rights, saying, of course they have human rights!
but, arent you the government?
you have clearly failed in defending these rights!
at least 25 crpf personnel were killed and seven wounded in chhattisgarhs sukma district yesterday, in the deadliest ambush by naxalites of security forces this year.
the nearly 100-strong crpf patrol providing security for road construction work came under fierce gunfire from maoist guerrillas occupying vantage positions at around 12:25 pm in kalapathar area of south bastar region, one of the worst-hit by left-wing extremism in the country.
b'the centre has already filed a plea seeking review of the supreme court directive in the wake of largescale protests by dalit organisations.
the centre has already filed a plea seeking review of the supreme court directive in the wake of largescale protests by dalit organisations.
following a nudge from the top party brass, three bjp-ruled states have decided to keep in abeyance implementation of the supreme court order on the sc/st act and will file review pleas against the directive, a top leader said today.
while chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan had reportedly taken steps to implement the order, they have now decided to put its execution in abeyance and approach the apex court for a review.
we have spoken to these chief ministers and their governments will soon file a review petition in the court.
it is natural that the implementation of the order will be put in abeyance till the judiciary takes a final call, the party leader said on the condition of anonymity.
the court recently laid down guidelines to prevent the alleged misuse of the scheduled castes and the schedule tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
dalit groups have, however, vehemently protested against the verdict, saying it dilutes the law and will lead to a rise in cases of atrocities against the scheduled castes and tribes.
the centre has already filed a plea seeking review of the supreme court directive in the wake of largescale protests by dalit organisations.
in its order on march 20, the apex court had said the laws misuse had led innocent citizens being framed as accused and public servants deterred from performing their duties, which was never the intention when the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act was originally enacted.
opposition parties have used the issue to attack the ruling bjp, which has been assiduously wooing wooed dalits under prime minister narendra modi and its president amit shah.
as per reports, chhattisgarh, madhya pradesh and rajasthan governments recently issued formal orders, instructing their police chiefs to implement the march 20 supreme court order.
after the judgement, various dalit mps from the bjp-led ruling nda alliance, including ram vilas paswan and ramdas athawale, had met modi to expresses their concerns and demanded that the centre should challenge the order.
modi has also asserted that his government will not allow any dilution of the law to prevent atrocities against scs and sts.
representing the governments view, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said the government differs with the reasoning given by the supreme court judgement for virtually redoing the entire architecture of the act.
waving copies of newspaper clippings, congress members sought resignation of railway minister sadanand gowda.
(source: pti photo)congress on wednesday created uproar in rajya sabha over the alleged leakage of rail budget and forced two adjournments during question hour on the issue.
raising the matter during zero hour, congress members wanted to raise the issue but were disallowed by deputy chairman p j kurien, who said the partys privilege notice was still under consideration of chairman hamid ansari and hence, he would not be able to allow any discussion on it.
congress members including madhusudan mistry, satyavrat chaturvedi and v hanumantha rao wanted to mention the issue of alleged leakage of rail budget.
waving copies of newspaper clippings, they sought resignation of railway minister sadanand gowda.
kurien said the issue cannot be allowed to be raised as it was under consideration of the chairman.
not satisfied, congress members continued to raise the issue and were also supported by sp members ramgopal yadav and naresh aggarwal.
amid din, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said as per well-settled traditions and precedence, if a privilege notice is issued and is under consideration of the chair, its content is not allowed to be mentioned or raised.
he said if the privilege notice is accepted, it goes to the privileges committee of parliament.
congress members had raised the issue during question hour also which led to two adjournments.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)the centre is likely to take a major step to ban triple talaq after the ongoing assembly polls, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said and dared samajwadi party, congress and bsp to make their stand clear on the contentious issue.
insisting that the issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women, he said the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot co-exist.
watch what else is making newshe said the tradition of triple talaq denies respect for women and the central government is committed to end the evil social practice.
the government may take a major step to ban triple talaq after the up assembly polls, he said while addressing a press conference in ghaziabad last evening.
the assembly polls being held in up and four other states will conclude on march 11.
asserting that every pernicious practice cannot be part of a religion, the minister, who is a lawyer himself, said the centre would raise the issue in the supreme court on three points  justice, equality and dignity of women.
we are the only party which respects women.
neither do other parties offer a good place to women nor do they respect them, said prasad, a senior bjp leader.
the government respects faith but worship and social evil cannot co-exist, he said.
addressing a press conference in lucknow today, the union minister said, i want akhilesh yadav, rahul gandhi and mayawati to clarify their stand on the issue of triple talaq.
our (bjps) stand is very clear.
the issue is not related to religion but involves respect and dignity of women.
attacking bsp, he said it should rise above caste politics and respect women.
referring to the sp-congress coalition in uttar pradesh, he said, this is an alliance of desperation between two dynastic parties alliance of desperation between crime, criminals and corruption.
ridiculing the pre-poll tie-up, he claimed the confluence of ganga and yamuna will end up with one party merging with the other after the polls.
which party will merge with which party will be seen after the polls.
this is nothing but a theatre of the absurd, the bjp leader said.
he also touched upon the salient features of bjps manifesto and the union budget and explained how it would help the poor.
yesterday, while speaking to mediapersons in ghaziabad, prasad had alleged that samajwadi party and congress have entered an alliance as both parties indulge in corruption, crime and loot.
both parties are opportunist and have tied-up with each other just to stop the landslide victory of bjp, he claimed.
not a single big industry was established in uttar pradesh during the tenure of akhilesh yadav-led sp government, the bjp leader alleged, adding the funds sanctioned by the centre for the development of the state has not just due to the feud within the yadav family.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)indo-pak relationship will not be same again and indias patience with the neighbour is running out, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on monday said as the government weighs its options following the deadly uri terror attack.
with voices, including within the bjp, calling for retaliatory action against pakistan following the uri terror attack, the union law and information technology minister said the modi government will take appropriate action keeping in the mind the national interest.
asked about reports of india weighing options likes surgical strike in pakistan territory, he told reports that such matters are not discussed with the media.
our relationship with pakistan will not be same again.
our patience is running out.
there is a limit to patience.
the government will consider strategic and diplomatic options and take a decision, he said.
to a question that prime minister narendra modi is facing criticism for the gap between his tough rhetoric when bjp was in the opposition and his governments action vis-a-vis pakistan, prasad said bjps policies are in tune with the national interest.
the opposition parties should keep politics away from this matter, he said.
bjp national secretary sidharth nath singh said thegovernment will do whatever it has to in the national interest and it is serious about the issue.
if something has to be done, it will be done.
there is no need to talk about it, he said, adding that it will take action at an appropriate time and has been fully behind army on such matters.
whether to respond to pakistan diplomatically, economically or by some other means is a decision which the government will take, he said.
west bengal cm mamata banerjee refuted over the ongoing beef row questioning the government on grounds of democracy and constitution.
(representational image) west bengal cm mamata banerjee refuted over the ongoing beef row questioning the government on grounds of democracy and constitution.
(representational image)the raging row over ban on sale of cattle for slaughter at animal markets kept the political pot on the boil on monday, with west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee declaring her government will not accept it.
she called the ban imposed by the modi government undemocratic and unconstitutional, and said it would be challenged legally.
protests were organised in several parts of tamil nadu and the opposition dmk threatened to launch an agitation on may 31.
meanwhile, three youth congress workers, including its kannur district president were today suspended by the party for slaughtering a calf in public after its video went viral on social media and triggered outrage, in an apparent damage control exercise.
it is a deliberate attempt to encroach on the states powers.
it is undemocratic, unconstitutional and unethical.
it is also an attempt to destroy the federal structure of the country, banerjee told journalists in kolkata.
we are not accepting the ban.
we will challenge it legally.
we will consult the states advocate general on this matter.
i will request the centre not to interfere with the states matter and destroy the federal structure, banerjee said.
protests were held in several parts of tamil nadu, including madurai, coimbatore, erode and hosur.
several activists of a little known pro-tamil outfit were detained in madurai where they had organised a beef eating contest.
a group of students at iit, madras, held a beef-fest on their campus last night.
raising the pitch on the issue, opposition parties urged the aiadmk government to enact a law against the ban.
dmk slammed the e k palaniswami government for keeping mum on the matter when neighbouring kerala and karnataka had vehemently opposed the ban.
dmk working president m k stalin will lead a protest on may 31 in chennai against the ban, the party said, adding the fundamental right to choice of food granted by the constitution has been snatched away.
meanwhile, three youth congress workerskannur yc district president rijil makkutty and activists joshi kandathil and sharafuddinwere suspended and the party distanced itself from the incident in which a calf was slaughtered in full public view.
kerala bjp president kummanam rajasekharan had posted the video of the incident on twitter, calling it cruelty at its peak.
later, police registered a case for slaughtering a calf in public during beef fests organised across kerala by the congress and the left on sunday to protest the centres ban.
the aicc in-charge of communications, randeep surjewala, said such action by congress workers was completely unacceptable and alien to civil society, our culture and founding principles.
anybody who has done so will have no place in the party and thats why the workers have been already suspended by the youth congress, he said in new delhi.
such elements have no place in the congress or in our culture.
indian culture is not to cause harm to any living being, much less to the holy cow which we all celebrate and revere, he said, in an apparent attempt to contain the adverse fallout of the incident.
congress vice president rahul gandhi had on sunday termed the incident thoughtless and barbaric.
the bjp denounced the kerala incident as shameful and provocative.
this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
political opposition happens but it is unfortunate that such an act has been committed happened, that too by youth congress workers.
it is unfortunate, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters in new delhi.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath questioned the silence of secular parties on the kerala incident.
i feel there is a lot of talk in the country to respect each others feelings and several organisations demand this in the name of secularism.
but why are they silent on the kerala incident?
he asked at a public felicitation by the akhil bhartiya vidyarthi parishad in lucknow last night.
why are the people who staged vociferous protests over the incidents in du and jnu silent on the issue?
adityanath, who had ordered strict enforcement on the ban on cow slaughter and a crackdown on illegal slaughter houses soon after coming to power, said.
even as the bjp and adityanath denounced the kerala incident, a senior bjp leader of garo hills in meghalaya tried to allay fears over a beef ban in the state which will have assembly polls next year.
in meghalaya, most of the bjp leaders eat beef.
the question of banning beef does not arise in a state like meghalaya, especially in garo hills.
bjp leaders in meghalaya are well aware of the historical background and the constitutional provisions in the hill areas for which beef ban will remain un-imposed, bjps tura district president bernard n marak in a statement.
speaking to a national tv news channel, marak went a step ahead and said if voted to power the bjp would make efforts for bringing down beef prices in the state which were prohibitive.
we stand on the hills of three sisters (garo, khasi and jaintia) which are constitutionally autonomous.
these three sisters will decide what to ban and not to ban in their own land.
centre cannot dictate dos and donts in the scheduled areas as these areas do not fall under the regular regulations, he said.
b'government of india was never made formal party in the case, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(bjp twitter) government of india was never made formal party in the case, said union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(bjp twitter)with political parties blaming the ruling bjp of being a willing party over the alleged dilution of the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, the union law minister on wednesday said the government was never made a formal party in the case where the supreme court laid down stringent guidelines under the act.
pointing out the original petition and orders passed by the bench of justices adarsh goel and u u lalit, union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad said, government of india was never made formal party in the case.
the bench also did not direct the additional solicitor general of india to file counter-affidavit in the case.
the remarks came a day after the congress accused the bjp-led government of misleading the nation by stating that it was not a party to the march 20 judgment of the supreme court.
a senior official in the government also pointed to the order passed by the bench, where it had only issued notice to the attorney general of india stating that the issue involves interpretation of a central statute.
the notice issued to the attorney general was only with respect to interpretation of a central statute.
but the notices were not issued on the question of law.
in fact, the additional solicitor general of india maninder singh presented his written submissions on the interpretation of the sc/st act, the official said.
read | changes in sc/st act: apex court doesnt stay its order, says were not going by any agitationthe official added that the procedure adopted in the case is unknown in the law.
in the petition filed in the case, only two respondents were made parties to the case.
the central government was never made a formal party it is equally intriguing why the state governments were not made party in the case, when the implementation of the act is to be done by them.
on january 31, the asg sought time to make his submissions.
on february 7, the bench reserved its judgment.
in a case as sensitive as this, the bench did not even ask the government to file counter-affidavit.
it is a procedure unknown in law, the official said.
b'addressing the press conference on the partys foundation day, ravishankarprasad prasad said that as far as the congress was concerned it was family incorporated.
(source: twitter) addressing the press conference on the partys foundation day, ravishankarprasad prasad said that as far as the congress was concerned it was family incorporated.
(source: twitter)the bjp is a big platform of national unity and a party of all indians and for whole india, senior leader ravishankarprasad prasad said on the partys foundation day on friday.
prasad said that broadly three categories of people opposed the party  the leftist, the congress and chronic socialists other than ram manohar lohia, and it was clear where all these people stood today.
the whole ideology of leftist was imported from outside therefore they are left out.
we wiped out cp(m) from tripura and in next election we will defeat them in kerala.
and i am saying this with humility, prasad told reporters at the bjps head office here.
addressing the press conference on the partys foundation day, he said that as far as the congress was concerned it was family incorporated.
regardless of the potential or talent, the top leadership of the party can go to family only, whereas in bjp a booth worker can become prime minister.
and we all are proud that our (party) promotes such people, prasad, the union law minister, said.
taking on chronic socialists, he said ram manohar lohias socialist movement today had become a family movement.
now, bjp is a party of all indians and the party is with all india, prasad said while referring to partys performance in nagaland where more than 90 per cent of the population is christian.
the party has no prejudices against any one, he noted.
talking about the partys journey, prasad described it into three-phases.
the first phase was when the party worked for the countrys culture and heritage such as goa liberation movement.
in the second phase, the party fought against the emergency for safeguarding the rights of the people and in the last phase, the party fought a battle against vote bank politics and by pushing cultural nationalism.
in 1984, we got only two seats and now after more than 30 years we got clear majority, because narendra modi emerged as a ray of hope for the people and under his leadership india is today treated as global power and modi as a global leader, prasad said.
he also praised the role of bjp president amit shah in strengthening and expanding the party.
his (shah) leadership injected new energy into the party cadre and bjp today with more than 11 crore members is the worlds largest political outfit, he said, while noting that the new initiatives taken by shah led to the expansion of the party.
today, the bjp is a platform for all indians with one voice, one slogan and one commitment to make india a global power, he said.
the bjp is a big platform of national unity , he added.
he also expressed the gratitude on behalf of the party to its allies.
b'whistleblower christopher testifies in the uk house of commons on tuesday.
(ap photo/file) whistleblower christopher testifies in the uk house of commons on tuesday.
(ap photo/file)christopher wylie, the whistleblower behind the revelation of major data theft by his former employer cambridge analytica, on tuesday kicked up a fresh controversy after he claimed the congress was one of the parties in india to engage its services.
testifying in the uk parliament, wylie said, i believe their client was congress but i know that they have done all kinds of project.
i dont remember a national project but i know regionally.
adding that the firm has major offices in india, wylie added, indias so big that one state can be as big as britain.
but they do have offices there, they do have staff.
cambridge analytica controversy rocks indian politics: who said whatwasting no time, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad demanded an apology from congress today.
he told reporters in new delhi: today the whistleblower christopher wylie has confirmed that cambridge analytics worked with congress.
this has exposed rahul gandhi who was denying all along.
congress and rahul gandhi must now apologise.
countering prasads allegations, congress leader surjewala said, it is all false, why is indias perpetually lying law minister throwing allegations in the media, he is in power why doesnt he show all proof and then register an fir.
we challenge you.
they fear they will be exposed if they probe.
opinion | what cambridge analytica does is the norm, not an aberrationboth the bjp and the congress have been trading charges with each other over using the services of the tainted firm.
even though cambridge analyticas indian partner ovleno business intelligence (obi), owned by amrish tyagi, son of senior jd(u) leader kc tyagi, lists bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website, all the parties had said they have not used the data firms services in elections.
congress had alleged that the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from the death of of indians in iraqs mosul.
facebook-cambridge analytica scandal: how data can be used to acquire votersthe whistleblower at the heart of the facebook privacy scandal testified before british lawmakers investigating the increasing rise of fake news.
wylie had alleged that cambridge analytica harvested details of 50 million facebook users and used the material in us president donald trumps 2016 election campaign.
it is alleged the material made it possible to micro-target users with campaign material.
chief justice of india dipak misra with (from left) justices r k agrawal, ranjan gogoi, kurian joseph at the newly constructed creche at the supreme court wednesday.
(express photo) chief justice of india dipak misra with (from left) justices r k agrawal, ranjan gogoi, kurian joseph at the newly constructed creche at the supreme court wednesday.
(express photo)the much-awaited meeting of the five-member supreme court collegium, the first since the unprecedented january 12 press conference by four of its most senior judges and which was scheduled in the shadow of the impeachment move against chief justice of india dipak misra, ended briefly wednesday evening.
it did not take a decision in the matter of uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph whose name it had initially recommended on january 10 for elevation to the supreme court, only to be returned by the government.
the resolution adopted by the collegium and uploaded on the official website of the apex court ends abruptly with the remark deferred.
the collegium was expected to reiterate its recommendation on justice k m joseph after the government had sent back his file for reconsideration to the apex body, which is in charge of appointments to the higher judiciary, citing fair regional representation and seniority.
read | not avenging justice k m josephs uttarakhand order: ravishankarprasad prasadone of the judges of the collegium, justice kurian joseph, had told the indian express earlier this week that the collegium might have to reiterate its recommendation furnishing facts and figures, and citing precedent, which have not been put in perspective by the government when it returned his name.
the resolution adopted wednesday evening said: the collegium met to consider the following agenda: to reconsider the case of mr. justice k m joseph, chief justice, uttarakhand high court (parent high court: kerala), pursuant to letters dated 26th & 30th april, 2018 received from ministry of law & justice, government of india and also to consider the names of judges from calcutta, rajasthan, and telangana & andhra pradesh high courts for elevation as judges of the supreme court, in view of the concept of fair representation.
also read: the judiciary is being undermined on multiple frontsit bears the name of all the five seniormost judges chief justice of india dipak misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan b lokur and kurian joseph indicating that all the five attended the meeting.
incidentally, justice chelameswar was on leave for the day and did not attend court but came for the meeting.
uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph.
(photo by neeraj priyadarshi) uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph.
(photo by neeraj priyadarshi)the second half of the resolution, significantly, comes after the government, while returning the justice joseph file, had underlined that many high courts were going unrepresented in the apex court.
read | cji dipak misra should show statesmanship, says former cji rm lodhasources told the indian express that there was no discussion in the meeting which began at the scheduled time at 4.
15 pm.
soon, the supreme court website had uploaded the notice announcing that the collegium meeting had been deferred.
sources said another collegium meeting is expected to be held early next week.
the resolution also makes it clear that the government had sent two letters to the chief justice of india regarding the issue, one on april 26 in which it had flagged the regional representation and seniority issues and the other on april 30.
sources told the indian express that the april 30 letter elaborated upon the april 26 letter and invoked the march 2017 memorandum of procedure (mop) finalised by the collegium approved by then cji justice j s khehar, justices misra, chelameswar, gogoi and lokur where regional representation and seniority subject to merit were underlined as factors for elevation.
in the latest letter, the government is said to have referred to paragraph 5 of the draft mop communicated to government in march last year to highlight that the collegium had stressed the importance of regional representation and seniority subject to merit while considering elevation of judges to the apex court, the sources said.
the government had sent the second communication to stress that while there may have been departures from the rule of regional representation and seniority in the past, that should however not be a precedent for future actions and that collegium should also respect the spirit behind these considerations in judicial appointments.
though justice js khehar retired, the four others  justices dipak misra, justice j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi and madan lokur  continue to be members of the current collegium.
the collegium had recommended the names of senior advocate indu malhotra and justice k m joseph for elevation to the apex court.
the government approved malhotra and notified her appointment following which she was sworn in as a judge of the supreme court on april 27.
the union law ministry sent back justice josephs file to the collegium saying that kerala high court  which was his parent high court already had adequate representation in the apex judiciary while many other high court did not have any representation.
there were not enough scheduled caste and scheduled tribe members too in the supreme court, the government had said.
the governments letter to the cji also said that in the all india high court judges seniority list, justice joseph is placed at serial number 42.
there are presently 11 chief justices of various high courts who are senior to him in all india high court judges seniority list, it said.
last week, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi had said that the nri marriages would need to be registered within 48 hours.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) last week, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi had said that the nri marriages would need to be registered within 48 hours.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)all nri marriages solemnised in india would need to be registered within seven days, the ministry of women and child development said on thursday.
if the nri marriages are not registered within seven days, the passports and visas would not be issued.
last week, women and child development (wcd) minister maneka gandhi had said that the nri marriages would need to be registered within 48 hours.
the decision for mandatory registration of marriages within seven days was taken yesterday after a group of ministers  gandhi, home minister rajnath singh, external affairs minister sushma swaraj and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, met to map out legal solutions for redressing the issues faced by women in nri marriages.
officials at the ministry said that the discussions were held for enumerating fine details on ways to resolve the issues related to nri marriages.
another proposal discussed was holding the properties of nri offenders in escrow in case they abscond abandoning their spouse.
escrow is a legal concept in which a financial instrument or an asset is held by a third party on behalf of two other parties that are in the process of completing a transaction.
the official said the move would require amendment of three legislations- code of criminal procedure, marriage act and the passports act.
the three ministries were asked to formulate a draft legal amendments to give effect to decisions taken at the meeting.
as of now, there is no time frame to register marriages in india.
however, a law commission report has recommended that the time limit to register marriages should be restricted to 30 days after which a penalty of rs 5 per day could be imposed.
the ministry had earlier constituted an integrated nodal agency (ina) with representatives from the ministries of external affairs, home affairs and law and justice to look into matrimonial disputes involving non-resident indians (nri).
according to the recommendation of the national commission for women (ncw) and the decisions taken in the ina, look-out circulars are issued as per criteria defined by the mha, for keeping a watch on arrival or departure of nri husbands and preventing them from leaving india, the ministry had said.
prime minister narendra modi replies to the motion of thanks on the presidents address in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi replies to the motion of thanks on the presidents address in the rajya sabha in new delhi on wednesday.
(pti photo)hitting back after the congress attacked narendra modi for his dig at his predecessor manmohan singh, bjp said it still shows reluctance in recognising modi as a popularly-elected prime minister and believes that only it has the mandate to rule the country.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said singh had called demonetisation an exercise in plunder and loot and modi was only replying to it as the whole saga of the upa government had been that of plunder and loot.
fun, pun and satire are part of parliamentary debate and the congress should have heard the prime minister in full as per the parliamentary convention, he said, alleging abuses were hurled at him by the opposition during 15 hours of debate in the rajya sabha on the motion of thanks to the presidents address.
congress staged a walkout from the house protesting against modis remarks.
there is still some lurking impression among congress leaders that only they have the mandate to rule the country and no one else.
there is still a reluctance to recognise narendra modi as a popularly elected prime minister.
the prime minister in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha has repeatedly said that he has acknowledged from the red fort the contribution of all prime ministers to india.
congress should have heard the prime minister in full as per the parliamentary convention, prasad told pti.
fun, pun and satire are part of parliamentary debate.
manmohan singh had called demonetisation plunder and loot, and the prime minister was replying to it.
the whole saga of the upa itself has been that of plunder and loot, he said.
b'prime minister narendra modi with cabinet ministers after bjp parliament party meeting at the parliament house on friday.
(express photo by praveen jain) prime minister narendra modi with cabinet ministers after bjp parliament party meeting at the parliament house on friday.
(express photo by praveen jain)both houses of parliament were friday adjourned sine die as protests showed no signs of abating, bringing closure to a tumultuous budget session that witnessed a total of nearly 250 working hours wasted.
of the 19 starred questions, only five were answered orally by ministers in the rajya sabha, while 17 of the 580 such questions were replied to orally in the lok sabha during the 29 sittings.
the lok sabha once again failed to take up the no-confidence motion notices moved by the opposition amid repeated disruptions by various parties.
while chairman m venkaiah naidu urged the protesters not to make the rajya sabha a clog in the wheel of progress, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan said they should keep in mind the larger interests of the nation.
the disruptions and adjournments were caused by protests over issues like special status to andhra pradesh, bank scams, demand for cauvery water management board, vandalising of statues, review of the recent supreme court order on sc/st act and law and order situation in kasganj in uttar pradesh.
ravi shankar prasad and vk singh arriving at parliament.
(express photo by praveen jain) ravishankarprasad prasad and vk singh arriving at parliament.
(express photo by praveen jain)the second leg of the session, that started on march 5, had 22 sittings that were mostly disrupted.
only five bills, including the crucial finance bill 2018 for which the budget session is convened, were passed and five were introduced during the budget session in the lok sabha.
besides, the payment of gratuity (amendment) bill, 2017 and the specific relief (amendment) bill, 2017 were among those passed.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017, which was passed in the lok sabha last december, remained pending in the upper house.
in her summary report, speaker sumitra mahajan said the house functioned for a total of 34 hours and 5 minutes during the 29 sittings.
a total of 127 hours and 45 minutes were affected by interruptions and forced adjournments.
she also said around 9 hours and 47 minutes went in to transact urgent government business in the lower house.
this house is a sacred platform for members to raise issues related to public interest and public welfare, mahajan said even as she emphasised that they need to keep in mind the larger interests of the country.
the last day of the session also witnessed disruptions due to protests by aiadmk and congress members over setting up of the cauvery river management board as well as by tdp members demanding special status for andhra pradesh.
today is the last day.
if you are not ready i will adjourn the house sine die, a visibly peeved mahajan told agitating members.
she also said she wanted to take up the notices for no-confidence motion.
i am sorry if you dont want to take up (notices for no-confidence motion, she said before reading out a brief summary of the budget session and its second leg which began on march 5.
prime minister narendra modi was present in the house.
maneka gandhi arriving to attend the parliament proceedings on friday.
(express photo by praveen jain) maneka gandhi arriving to attend the parliament proceedings on friday.
(express photo by praveen jain) members from both the aiadmk, tdp and the congress holding placards trooped into the well even before proceedings began for the day.
while most of them left the well after the speakers appeal, the tdp members remained in the well when mahajan was reading out the closing statement.
similarly, the rajya sabha also witnessed disruptions with the chairman voicing anguish over missed opportunities.
i am pained to note that it turned out to be an eminently forgettable one on account of utter disregard of the mandate of this important parliamentary institution and its responsibilities and missed opportunities, naidu said in his concluding address to the 245th session of rajya sabha.
the house lost nearly three-fourths of its time to disruptions and adjournments.
during the second leg of the session, the rajya sabha had 30 sittings in all.
while it sat for 44 hours, the upper house lost over 121 hours.
congress mps and bjp mp protesting at the parliament house on friday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) congress mps and bjp mp protesting at the parliament house on friday.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) naidu stated that the question hour could not be taken up for 27 days due to pandemonium and interruptions in the house over one or the other issue and noted that there was a total breakdown in communication among various sections of the house that was at the root of the prolonged stalemate that ruined the session.
the gap between claims and ground realities suggests that the governments outreach system requires sprucing up.
the gap between claims and ground realities suggests that the governments outreach system requires sprucing up.
last year, after the world banks ease of doing business ranking placed india at a lowly 130 out of 150 countries, prime minister narendra modi asked bureaucrats to explain the reasons for the countrys poor performance and directed them to work on improving the ranking.
about 10 months later, a survey by the niti aayog and the mumbai-based think tank, idfc institute, reveals that the efforts of the centre and state governments to ease the system of permits and clearances notwithstanding, most entrepreneurs still feel hobbled by the countrys regulatory environment.
the survey of more than 3,000 manufacturing enterprises across the country shows that most firms do not use the single-window systems for business and regulatory clearances.
despite the centres repeated claims that a firm can be incorporated in less than a week, the survey shows that even in the best performing state, tamil nadu, the process takes more than 60 days  on average it takes nearly four months to set up a business in india.
the gap between claims and ground realities suggests that the governments outreach system requires sprucing up.
but the gap is also a sign of a persistent problem with governance in india: the difficulty of cutting the red tape of the lower bureaucracy.
this explains why on an average, entrepreneurs need more than 100 days to get a construction permit.
the world banks report, last year, had also highlighted that delays in issuing construction permits affected the ease of doing business in india.
the banks report came in for criticism  some of it justified  by commerce minister nirmala sitharaman and minister of law and justice and electronics and it, ravishankarprasad prasad, who released the niti aayog-idfc report.
but the government cannot ignore the similarities in the two reports when the economy is slowing down and generating new jobs looks even more of a challenge.
the textiles, food processing and non-metallic minerals sectors account for almost two-thirds of the firms surveyed by the niti aayog and idfc.
what should also worry the government is the reports finding that entrepreneurs in these employment-intensive sectors are more likely to face problems and securing construction and other permits, compared to the capital-intensive ones.
the survey should serve as a wake-up call to government and a reminder that over two decades after economic reforms the indian state is still flailing when it comes to easing the path for entrepreneurs.
thats a pity because the low interest rate cycle now should have revived animal spirits.
the jan chetna yatra of senior bjp leader l k advani received lukewarm response with an unenthusiastic gathering starting to move out even before advani could complete his speech.
while the rally had the usual frills with party flags and banners put up on the route,the fervour seemed waning.
advani landed at chandigarh airport in the evening and embarked on his journey enjoying the variety programmes en route to the rally ground.
from welcome by a religious group to shehnai vadan,dances and presentation of martial arts (gatka) a number of events were organised.
from hallomajra lightpoint to the sector 29-31 roundabout,the rath then moved towards sector 30.
while the bjp claimed that hundreds of workers would accompany the yatra,police outnumbered the party workers.
at the rally ground,as bjp leaders and people waited for advani to arrive cultural programmes were interspersed with speeches from leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj,himachal pradesh chief minister prem kumar dhumal and others like captain abhimanyu,ravi shanker prasad and sham jaju.
bjps state ally,the akali dal,made its presence felt with prem singh chandumajra.
corruption and inflation was the flavour of the rally.
the art and culture cell of the bjp presented a skit depicting the problem of inflation.
the central characters were manmohan singh,sonia gandhi,rahul gandhi and pawan kumar bansal.
to add a local touch,congress councillors pardeep chhabra and devinder singh babla were also depicted in the skit mission loot lo india.
people from villages were ferried in buses and trucks to be present at the rally.
carrying party flags and banners they came shouting slogans.
however,soon the enthusiasm seemed to die down.
the party leaders had asked the prospective candidates and ticket hopefuls for the civic elections to gather crowd for the rally if they wanted a ticket.
those who brought the crowd made their presence felt by carrying banners with the ward number from where they came.
b'the cji occasionally chatted with delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung, while pm modi exchanged a word or two with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad at a recent function.
(source: pti photo) the cji occasionally chatted with delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung, while pm modi exchanged a word or two with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad at a recent function.
(source: pti photo)visible stand-offprime minister narendra modi and chief justice t s thakur shared the dais at a function to mark the 50th anniversary of the delhi high court.
throughout the 90-minute ceremony, the two men did not speak to each other or even exchange glances.
the cji occasionally chatted with delhi lieutenant governor najeeb jung, while modi exchanged a word or two with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the body language of the two was reflective of the stand-off between the judiciary and the executive over the appointment of judges.
thakur is to retire on january 3 next year but the cold war between the judiciary and executive is likely to continue.
his successors, justice j s khehar and justice dipak misra, share similar views on the need to uphold the primacy of the collegium, over the executive, in judicial appointments.
watch what else is making newsseasonal bonhomiethe prime minister urged his senior party leaders to reach out to the media during the diwali season and connect with them on various issues facing the government.
in response, several central ministers threw diwali parties for journalists and some sent gifts.
avoiding the conventional sweetmeats-and-nuts route, a few ministers opted for the unusual: one presented a packet of ghee made from cows milk, another four cans of deodorant spray.
a particularly lavish gift was a juicer-cum-mixer and a grinder.
some scribes returned the costly gift.
open houseit is increasingly becoming difficult for the media and party workers to get an opportunity to speak to bjp president amit shah.
his staff fob off all callers with the promise that the message will be conveyed to the elusive party president.
but a day after diwali, on the occasion of the gujarati new year, shah announced that he would personally respond to all telephone callers during the day and meet every visitor at his ahmedabad address.
having gotten wind of shahs open house policy, thousands came to call on him.
the bjp president also spoke to over 300 well-wishers on the phone.
the only catch: the conversation never extended beyond greetings and good wishes.
queries about the party and the government were politely brushed aside as well as requests for information on party nominations.
trump cardthe trump organization, owned by republican presidential candidate donald trump, is interested in developing business contacts in india, but most of its proposed deals have so far not fructified.
prithviraj chavan recalls meeting donald trump jr in 2011, when he was chief minister of maharashtra.
a local businessman had brought trump jr and promised the then chief minister that the trump organization was interested in investing crores in the state.
on investigation, however, chavan discovered that far from investing money, the trump business house was in fact looking to take money out of the country by lending its name to indian businesses.
chavan refused to facilitate the group by bending rules, but it succeeded in entering into a deal with a pune developer, who built a 22-storey tower using the trump name.
the state government is now investigating discrepancies in the companys land records.
dressing downthe tiny kingdom of bhutan has some old-world traditions which make it different from neighbouring india.
one of its customs is that people dress formally, generally wearing their national dress, to work.
when film star aamir khan was invited to address the prestigious training institute for government probationers, the bhutanese were taken aback that the actor came casually dressed, even sporting a bandana.
aamirs clothes evoked much comment, both in the bhutanese press and on social media.
pilot strikesthe aicc headquarters in delhi, sleepy and mostly deserted these days, suddenly sprang to life 10 days ago.
hordes of jats descended on its lawns to witness two senior rajasthan jat leaders, subhash mehria and dr hari singh, who were earlier with the bjp, announce their return to the congress.
for the congress, it was sweet revenge after rita bahuguna joshis switch to the bjp, and the defection of 43 out of 44 congress mlas in arunachal pradesh.
both mehria, a former minister in the vajpayee government, and hari singh, a former state minister who supported vasundhara raje in the last election, have considerable following in the community.
the man responsible for the surgical strike, which brought some cheer to a rather disheartened congress, was rajasthan pradesh congress chief sachin pilot.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)the bjp on tuesday dubbed rahul gandhis speech in bahrain as irresponsible, alleging that the congress president was spreading hatred among indians with his statements abroad like he did in the country.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad contrasted the congress chiefs address on monday night with that of prime minister narendra modi to 270 indian-origin (pio) parliamentarians in which he focused on boosting ties between india and other countries.
the nation is watching who is working to break it.
it is the congress which has spread hatred in the country for the longest period, he told reporters while using congress association with gujarat mla jignesh mewani to attack gandhi.
he said jignesh, a dalit leader supported by the congress in the gujarat assembly polls, had joined hands with umar khalid, accused of raising anti-india slogans in the jnu, and said gandhi has strengthened mewani and his allies.
on monday, gandhi accused the government of dividing people on the basis of caste and religion, alleging it was converting the anger of jobless youth into hatred among communities.
prasad questioned gandhis remarks and said they had expected that he would not harp on political differences and spread hatred in a foreign country as he did in india.
the bjp strongly condemns rahul gandhis irresponsible utterances.
he is spreading hatred among people, he said.
hitting back at the congress leader, the law minister wondered if the congress stand on the triple talaq bill worked to spread love or hate in the society.
he accused the congress of failing to take a stand on an issue of womans respect and justice.
gandhis father and the then prime minister rajiv gandhi had committed a sin by passing a law under pressure from muslim bodies to negate a supreme court order to provide alimony to shah bano after her husband divorced her, he said.
the same muslim body is now opposing the triple talaq bill, prasad said, claiming that the congress decision to stall it in rajya sabha was a case of double standards influenced by vote bank politics.
citing mudra loans given to tens of millions of people, rise in road construction works and opening of call centres in tier two cities, prasad said this has led to creation of employment as he refuted gandhis charge that the government had not created enough jobs.
sources aware of the meeting said the move is aimed at checking unnecessary government litigation in the top court.
sources aware of the meeting said the move is aimed at checking unnecessary government litigation in the top court.
law officers should ensure that frivolous appeals planned by ministries related to service matters of individuals do not reach the supreme court and special leave petitions are filed only in cases where a policy decision of the government is involved, the attorney general is learnt to have told additional solicitors general.
the a-g told additional solicitors general at a recent meeting that when the law ministry refers proposals of various ministries to file slps in the top court challenging a high court order relating to service matter of individuals, the law officers should ensure that frivolous pleas are not allowed to reach the apex court.
sources aware of the meeting said the move is aimed at checking unnecessary government litigation in the top court.
if a special leave petition (slp) has to be filed by a central ministry or a department, it approaches the law ministry which seeks the opinion of one of the additional solicitors general.
if the opinion of the asg is positive, the slp is filed.
according to the law ministry, the central government is a party to 46 per cent of cases pending in courts and is hence one of the biggest litigants, a tag it wants to shed.
over 3.
14 crore cases are pending in courts across india.
i will not take risk  this attitude is one of the major reason that (central) government is a party to lakhs of cases pending in courts.
if quick decisions are taken by government departments and ministries, most of the issues would not reach courts, explained a law commission functionary who had worked on one of its reports on the proposed national litigation policy.
in 2010, then law minister m veerappa moily had come out with a national litigation policy but the policy could not take off.
successive law ministers have worked on the policy but the centre so far has not been able to evolve one.
in a letter addressed to his cabinet colleagues heading various ministries, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had recently said, the government must cease to be a compulsive litigantthe judiciary has to spend its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party, and the burden on the judiciary can only be reduced if the cases are filed after taking a careful and considered view.
prime minister narendra modi had also termed the government as the biggest litigant and had pushed for a need to lessen the load on the judiciary which spends its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
b'union minister thawarchand gehlot made the announcement through his official twitter handle and appealed to the people to not agitate on this issue.
union minister thawarchand gehlot made the announcement through his official twitter handle and appealed to the people to not agitate on this issue.
the central government friday decided to file a review petition against the supreme court order that laid down the stringent safeguards before registering a case under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes act, 1989.
union minister thawarchand gehlot made the announcement through his official twitter handle and appealed to the people to not agitate on this issue.
on thursday, the government said it would take the decision after examining the desirability of filing a judicial review against the top court order.
union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad had said the department of legal affairs has been instructed to consider the desirability of filing a review and that appropriate action will be taken once the ministry tenders its opinion.
there is widespread concern regarding this issue.
we understand the sensitivity of the matter.
the government has taken note of the judgment of the supreme court laying down new norms as far as the sc and st acts operation is concerned.
i have instructed the ministry of law to consider the desirability of filing a review.
appropriate follow-up actions are to be taken by the ministry, prasad said at a cabinet briefing.
the move came a day after a delegation of dalit mps met prime minister narendra modi over the issue.
if jayalalithaas death and sridevis can receive carpet coverage stretching into endless days, why did 39 dead indians have to vie for space with the opposition?
if jayalalithaas death and sridevis can receive carpet coverage stretching into endless days, why did 39 dead indians have to vie for space with the opposition?
many unrelated events and issues this week, so do forgive a somewhat haphazard column without a phantom thread lacing it together.
if news channels must be partisan, can they be a little more sophisticated about it  not in your face?
on wednesday, after it minister ravishankarprasad prasad accused the congress of using cambridge analytica, news x was all fired up: data theft singes congress, it headlined, raga rattled.
but #votefixingscam on republic, and cong-bjp brainwashing you?
on times now suggested what sreenivasan jain on ndtv 247 explained: that cambridge analytica claimed to have worked with both national parties.
and then theres mosul.
the death of 39 indians, confirmed by external affairs minister sushma swaraj in the lok sabha, tuesday, got times now and news x stiff with self-righteousness.
for them, netagiri over death and how the opposition trivialises death by allegedly shouting slogans during swarajs announcement, were the key takeaways.
they deplored the morally bankrupt congress at the lowest point in indias polity (times now)  it cant get more shameful (news x).
really?
others went to mosul: abp, aaj tak, replayed old coverage of mosul.
abp interviewed a bangladeshi in mosul in and about 2014 when the indians went missing and showed us what it claimed was the grave where the indians were buried; aaj tak had its reporters mosul visit last year.
cnn news 18 interviewed harjit masih the man who escaped mosul to tell the tale of how the indians had died but was contradicted by the indian government.
meanwhile, the likes of ndtv india, republic, spoke to the bereaved families shocked to learn of the deaths from tv.
while reporters/anchors like meetu jain (india today) questioned the governments actions on the mosul tragedy, by evening channels like times now and republic went after the congresss lingayat card in karnataka, deploring the party of deplorables in debates.
it saddens and puzzles you: if jayalalithaas death and sridevis can receive carpet coverage stretching into endless days, why did 39 dead indians have to vie for space with the opposition?
congressman kapil sibal was pretty deplorable too.
at the congress plenary discussion on the media, he said the party should give a commitment that when in power it would act against those who had misused the media (durupyog).
rajeev gowda deplored the lack of courage of the media and randeep surjewala said that journalists were loud speakers not answer seekers.
all journalists should be very, very worried about a future congress government, notwithstanding rahul gandhis promise to protect the media, during his plenary session speech.
that speech was hard-hitting and once again underlined that the reluctant politician in rahul is someone of the past.
better than her speeches, sonia gandhis rare media interaction with aroon purie at the india today conclave in mumbai was highly watchable.
she was relaxed and fairly honest: asked about giving advice to prime minister narendra modi, she was taken aback: i wouldnt dare advise him.
why did she not become pm in 2004?
i was aware of my limitations.
coalition partners for the congress in 2019?
difficult, because at the ground level we are opponents.
zees sudhir chowdhury is not known as an answer seeker of the bjp.
so it was a pleasant surprise to see him quiz bjp president amit shah on the bypoll losses, going so far as to suggest that there was a touch of arrogance (ahankar) in the party, prompting shah to testily remark that his questions seemed prompted by the congress!
shah had interviews with times now and india today too where he blamed rahul gandhi for everything.
what else is new?
surjewala was wrong: tv news anchors across channels do seek answers but some seek them from only the opposition.
however, after the bjps bypoll defeat, especially in gorakhpur, sonias dinner for opposition leaders, the tdps withdrawal from the nda, a possible no-confidence motion in parliament, got even times now, republic and news x wondering whether the khichdi coalition (times now) might lead to a modi mukt india?
are the times now a changin?
want something weird?
the opening episode of a new tv series, bepanah (colors), ends with the car accident death of a man and a woman  married to another woman and man.
the police extricated the injury-free bodies from the remains of the vehicle and laid them out under white sheets.
when the respective spouses cradle their bodies, they find that they are still firmly holding hands  huh?
want some good tv?
the handmaids tale is just a remote switch away: margaret atwoods dystopian novel adapted so well for television, seems to tell the story of us, now (axn).
b'sgpcs controversial move honouring family members of the two assassins of general a s vaidya in the golden temple complex came in for attack from congress as well as bjp today.
bjp,sharing power with the shiromani akali dal in punjab,criticised the move with its chief spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad dubbing it regrettable and unjustifiablemaking it clear that politics on such a sensitive issue will not be tolerated,congress warned that those who will fool around with serious subject like terrorism,.
will have to pay.
it is for the punjab government to sort it out if these kind of schizhophrenic statements are coming out,party spokesperson renuka chowdhary said when asked to react over the move,which is being confirmed by the shiromani gurdwara prabandhak committee (sgpc),but denied by the state government.
the move has come amid a raging debate over raising of a memorial for those killed during operation blue star in 1984.
the kin of harjinder singh jinda and sukhdev singh sukha,who were executed on october nine,1992,were honoured by the shiromani gurudwara prabhandhak committee at the akal takht,the highest temporal seat of the sikhs,two days back.
the sgpc,controlled by the ruling sad,also hailed the generals killers as sikh martyrs sparking a row.
the sgpc organised an akhand path at the akal takht to mark the 20th execution anniversary of the two assassins.
the function was presided over by sgpc secretary dalmegh singh.
gen vaidya was the chief of army staff when operation blue star was launched by the army to flush out militants led by jarnail singh bhindrawale from the golden temple.
a number of militants,soldiers and pilgrims were killed during the operation.
sukha and jinda had assassinated general vaidya in 1986 in pune where he had settled down after his retirement.
they were hanged in 1992 and since 93 the sgpc has been been organising their death anniversary every year on october nine and honouring their family members.
the sgpc presented shiropas (robes of honour) to sukhas mother surjit kaur and jindas brother bhupinder singh on the occasion yesterday.
digital transaction is growing and is expected to increase by 33 per cent to rs 4 crore per day this year, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday said.
digital transaction was rs 1.
85 crore per day in 2015.
it was rs 3 crore per day in 2016.
it will be rs 4 crore this year, prasad said while addressing an event organised to commemorate the world consumer rights day at new delhi.
watch what else is in the newsto encourage e-transaction, he said more common service centers (csc) will be set up for payment of utility bills through debit or credit cards.
we have set up 2 lakh csc.
we will take (the number) to 2.
5 lakh this year, he added.
with growing number of e-transactions, prasad said there is a dilemma how to strike a balance between maintaining privacy of data and at the same time using it for providing better service.
he was speaking on the theme consumer rights in a digital age.
consumer affairs minister ram vilas paswan, minister of state for consumer affairs c r choudhary, consumer affairs secretary hem pande, nasscom president r chandrashekar were among others present at the event.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasadthe bjp on wednesday trained its guns again on the congress and former finance minister p chidambaram over the 80:20 gold import scheme, asking why trading houses, including the beleaguered gitanjali gems, were allowed to import gold just a day before the 2014 lok sabha results were to be announced.
at a press conference at the party headquarters, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad countered congress leader anand sharmas allegation that the bjps attack on chidambaram was not backed by facts.
prasad shared a purported office memorandum of the finance ministry dated may 15, 2014.
in the memorandum, the premier and start trading houses were allowed to import gold.
was it a price, was it a consideration, was it pressure or was it an obligation.
what was it that mr chidambaram, a well- informed politician, took this decision one day before the results were to come, he alleged.
according to prasad, the nature of pressure or price could be assessed from the fact that in a single day the file traveled with supersonic speed through nine desks after his signature and it was followed by the office memorandum.
he said chidambaram knew the constitution and any person having the slightest consideration of democratic integrity, propriety and sanity of democratic polity would never do this.
in august 2013, the then upa government had introduced the 80:20 rule, which allowed traders to import gold only after they had exported 20 per cent of gold from their previous import.
the rule was scrapped in november 2014 after the nda came to power.
amit shah with gita mahali at her house last week.
file amit shah with gita mahali at her house last week.
filea week after bjp president amit shah visited the house of a tribal couple in naxalbari area of siliguri district in north bengal, and had had lunch there, the couple on wednesday joined the rival trinamool congress (tmc).
while a stung bjp accused the tmc of abducting and forcibly inducting raju mahali and gita mahali in the party, the ruling party in west bengal countered, saying they had joined willingly, and that the bjps reactions are the expressions of a sore loser.
i was inspired by the development work of (west bengal cm) mamata banerjee and we have joined tmc.
nobody has forced us to join the party, pti quoted geeta mahali as saying.
according to reports, the mahalis went missing on tuesday evening, and were seen with tmcs darjeeling district president and state tourism minister gautam deb at the party office in siliguri on wednesday morning.
the couple have willingly joined the party.
there was no pressure or intimidation.
they have given a written statement on why they are joining the party, deb said.
shah had visited the mahalis on april 25, on the first day of his three-day bengal tour as part of efforts to expand the partys base in the state, and ate a traditional bengali lunch served on a banana leaf in their house.
in new delhi, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said a party delegation will meet west bengal governor kesari nath tripathi over the issue.
wondering whether the tmcs desperation was caused by the cbi probe into saradha chit fund and the narada bribery cases, allegedly involving several tmc top leaders, prasad said, the investigation will not stop.
bengal is seeing reckless violence and overpowering fear of the tmc.
calling it a textbook case of revenge politics, prasad said, why should a tribal family be under such pressure?
we condemn it outright.
the bjp cannot be stopped like this.
in kolkata, west bengal bjp president dilip ghosh, who had accompanied shah and had also had lunch at mahalis home, said: this is a petty politics which shows bankruptcy of tmcs policies.
the couple were kidnapped last night and forced to join the party.
they were threatened by tmc leaders.
he said the bjps naxalbari block president dilip barui has lodged a missing person complaint and a diary at naxalbari police station.
the police refused to register an fir, he added.
bjp national secretary rahul sinha said, people who had hosted amit shah in banerjees constituency, bhawanipore, and at gourangapur in rajarhat (a kolkata suburb) are living in fear.
they might also be forced to join tmc just because they hosted our party president.
countering prasads comments, tmc mp derek obrien said: the bjp spokesperson, who is also the union law minister, has issued a statement about the incident in naxalbari sitting in delhi, with little knowledge of the reality of bengal his hollow words are economical on facts, and are expressions of a sore loser, because the people of bengal have sent the bjp packing.
b'sc/sc act: thawar chand gehlot said the apex courts ruling could lead to a rise in atrocities against members of oppressed classes.
sc/sc act: thawar chand gehlot said the apex courts ruling could lead to a rise in atrocities against members of oppressed classes.
union social justice minister thawar chand gehlot on thursday said that the centre is likely to file next week a review petition against the supreme courts order diluting provisions of the sc/st act.
speaking to reporters here, gehlot said the apex courts ruling could lead to a rise in atrocities against members of oppressed classes.
a delegation of dalit ministers and mps led by union minister ram vilas paswan yesterday met prime minister narendra modi over dilution of some stringent provisions of the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
the supreme courts decision would affect the justice delivery system, gehlot, who was part of the delegation, said here, in reply to a question.
it would lead to delay in police action and arrest, and as a result, atrocities against the oppressed classes would rise, the bjp leader said.
my ministry, after holding serious discussions, had requested the law ministry that there is a need to file a review petition against the supreme court order, gehlot said.
i am glad that law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has accepted the request, he said.
to file the review petition, social justice and empowerment ministry, law ministry and the attorney generals office are in talks, and i think in the next three to four days they are going to prepare the plea.
in the next week, we will move in the direction of filing the petition, he said.
the prime minister assured the delegation of dalit mps yesterday that appropriate action would be taken, and consequently the government decided to go in for a review petition, the union minister said.
on march 20, the supreme court, noting the rampant misuse of the sc-st act against government servants, ruled that a public servant can be arrested only after approval of the appointing authority.
a non-public servant can be arrested after approval by the senior superintendent of police, it said.
mp misa bharti, daughter of rjd chief lalu prasad yadav, (file photo) mp misa bharti, daughter of rjd chief lalu prasad yadav, (file photo)the income tax department on tuesday slapped a penalty of rs 10,000 on rjd chief lalu prasads mp daughter misa bharti for non-compliance of summons and issued her fresh summons in connection with its probe in the rs 1,000 crore alleged benami land deals and tax evasion case.
bharti was supposed to appear before the investigating officer (io) of the case on tuesday but officials said she failed to keep the date.
the io has levied a penalty of rs 10,000 against her for non-compliance of summons under section 131 of the income tax act with a show cause notice to her in this regard, officials said.
she has now been asked to appear on june 12, they said, adding the departments queries in this case were to be answered by bharti and not by any of her authorised representatives.
they said the summons required bharti to appear in person on tuesday and join the investigation along with some personal financial documents.
it was not clear if bharti gave any reasons to the department for her non-appearance or she sent a lawyer to represent herself, which was rejected by the department.
bhartis husband, shailesh kumar, has also been summoned in the same case by the department for on wednesday.
the department wants to question the couple to take the probe further in this case, where the taxman had conducted multiple searches last month.
a chartered accountant, rajesh kumar agrawal, allegedly linked to bharti and others, was also arrested by the enforcement directorate (ed) on may 22.
agrawal is alleged to have aided in illegal transactions involving lalus kin.
officials have earlier said that the summons to bharti and kumar were part of the probe in the case and their statements will be recorded.
the couple allegedly have links with a firm  ms mishail packers and printers private limited which is suspected to have entered into benami deals for purchase of a farm house in delhis bijwasan area.
certain other property deals were also under the scanner of the taxman, they had said.
the department is expected to slap provisions of the newly-enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year, in this case.
the law provides for a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under the new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
benami properties are those in which the real beneficiary is not the one in whose name the property has been purchased.
tax department officials had said lalus kin held some of the properties under their scanner in a benami way.
the rjd chief, however, had sought to put up a brave face after the raids, saying he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahi hai ki lalu ki awaz ko daba sake lalu ki awaz dabayenge to desh bhar me karoron lalu khare ho jayenge main gidarbhabhki se nahi darne wala hoon (bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalu will come forward.
i am not scared of empty threats), he had said in a series of tweets after the search operation.
the bjp had also accused lalu, bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both ministers in the bihar government, of involvement in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo, suggesting that money was paid in return for favour, as they dated back to the period when lalu was the railway minister, and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action against him.
lalus rjd is a constituent of bihars ruling coalition led by kumar.
lalus official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
b'congress president rahul gandhi congress president rahul gandhithe bjp on thursday accused rahul gandhi of doing politics on dead bodies, after the congress chief criticised the government over the killing of 39 indians in iraq.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad also rejected the congress claim that it had never used the services of cambridge analytica, and insisted that the opposition party and gandhi did do it.
addressing a press conference, prasad said it was the congress which had disrupted proceedings in the lok sabha when external affairs minister sushma swaraj had sought to make a statement on the deaths of these indians.
all i will tell rahul gandhi he should not do politics on dead bodies of indians who lost their lives in very unfortunate circumstances, he told reporters.
his response came after gandhi suggested that the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from these deaths as it was caught lying on the issue.
prasad insisted that the congress has used the services of cambridge analytica, which has been accused of harvesting peoples data from platforms like facebook unlawfully to influence elections in different countries.
he said several media reports about the opposition party using the services of the firm had appeared in october and november last year and it never denied those stories till the bjp raised the issue yesterday.
prasad alleged that imprints of cambridge analytica were visible in the congress campaign in gujarat.
it ran a poisonous and divisive campaign in the state, he claimed.
the opposition party maintained a conspicuous silence on the role of a dubious company, he said, adding that it prompts him to question whether it has an ability to run this country.
on questions about reports that an indian company, which was cambridge analyticas partner, might have worked for the bjp and its allies as well, prasad insisted that his party never had any ties with the foreign company.
there is no authentic confirmation of any indian partner of the company working for the bjp or its allies, he said.
he, however, sought to make a distinction between cambridge analytica and its partner, saying the former has been accused of using honey trap and data theft.
iftar at union minister mukhtar abbas naqvis house.
(source: twitter) iftar at union minister mukhtar abbas naqvis house.
(source: twitter)the congress hosts iftar parties for political engineering but our event is part of social engineering to give the dignity the minority community has never received, union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said today.
comparing the congresss iftar party to the one he hosted this evening, the minister said: we talk about development and dignity the congresss iftar is for political engineering.
no one has ever tried to organise an iftar for social engineering.
we have done it, especially when we are talking about muslim women, triple talaq and other issues related to their empowerment, naqvi told pti.
naqvi had announced an iftar party a day after the congress said it would host a fast-breaking meal on wednesday.
attended by more than 300 muslim women, including a few who were given tripla talaq, naqvis iftar certainly attracted a lot of media attention.
bjp ministers in attendance.
(source: twitter) bjp ministers in attendance.
(source: twitter)interacting with the muslim women, the minister stressed that the bjp government had made possible for them to go for haj without a male companion.
for the first time after independence, muslim officers would be posted in saudi arabia for haj duty.
a woman officer is also being deployed to help the women who will travel alone, naqvi informed.
interacting with the muslim women, the minister stressed that the bjp government had made possible for them to go for haj without a male companion.
(express photo by renuka puri) interacting with the muslim women, the minister stressed that the bjp government had made possible for them to go for haj without a male companion.
(express photo by renuka puri)the government has already launched progress panchayat, an outreach campaign to create awareness about its programmes for the welfare of minorities, and similar programmes for muslim women will also be launched soon, naqvi informed.
the iftar party was attended by a number of nda ministers, including ravishankarprasad prasad, prakash javadekar, smriti irani, jitendra singh, m j akbar, among others.
b'jpc has found not a single file or record to show any culpability of prime minister manmohan singh and finance minister p chidambaram in the 2g spectrum allocation,its chairman p c chacko said justifying the clean chit to them in the draft report.
he also maintained that singh and chidambaram were not called before the committee despite bjps strong demands because majority of the 30 members were not in favour of such a move.
chacko responded to the attack on him for not calling former telecom minister a raja,who has been held responsible for the controversial 2g allocation of 2008,insisting that he was given a chance to present his case by making a representation.
we have not come across a single file or record or evidence to see that any culpability or any responsibility in the decision making for the finance minister or the prime minister, chacko said.
he was responding when asked to comment on the opposition attack on him for giving a clean chit to the prime minister and the finance minister in the draft report even though raja has said that he had kept singh and chidambaram in the loop on all decisions related to the 2g allocation.
the opposition members of the committee have alleged that chacko was partisan and had prepared the report in such a manner as as to protect singh and chidambaram.
witnesses depose and say many things,we verify with the files.
that is how we come to the conclusioni do not think we have done anything wrong or impropriety, chacko said,while clearly referring to rajas claim about keeping singh and chidambaram in the loop.
raja,who has been accused in the jpc draft report of misleading the prime minister,has told the committee that he took every major decision,including entry fee and non auction of spectrum,after consulting singh,chidambaram and the then external affairs minister pranab mukherjee.
with regard to the controversy over not calling singh,chidambaram and raja,chacko agreed that a section of the committee has always been demanding that they be called.
it is true,time and again it was repeatedly stated and written and letters sent tome by yashwant sinha,ravi shankar prasad (both bjp),by gurudas dasgupta (cpi).
that does not mean calling them was the majority view, he said.
he said half-a-dozen members of the committee were insisting on calling them as witnesses.
jpc has 30 members,out of which only five or six people only were sayingi never took a personal decision.
every decision was based on majority view of the committee or consensus, chacko said.
with regard to raja,the jpc chairman said he did appear before the committee.
if anybody says rajas view did not come before the committee,it is absolutely wrong.
i personally discussed with raja and convinced him to send his views in writing.
before a parliamentary committee,two types of appearances are there: personal and through representation.
both are taken equally.
in our conclusions,we went through his submissions also.
rajas demand is fully satisfied, he contended.
chacko also did not agree with the contention that raja mshould have been given a chance to appear personally as he was the main accused.
he said raja was the main accused in a case before the court but not the jpc as its terms of reference were confined to the telecom policy between 1998 and 2009,its implementation and aberrations.
b'a k antony a k antonythe agusta westland vvip chopper scam took political centre stage on tuesday, with the bjp and the congress hurling charges at each other.
using the conviction of finmeccanicas former chief by an italian court in connection with the contract, the bjp asked then defence minister a k antony to name congress leaders allegedly involved in the scandal.
the congress hit back, arguing that the upa government had taken action once reports of wrongdoings and allegations of corrupt practices surfaced in 2013.
besides cancelling the deal, the upa had blacklisted agusta westland and confiscated the guarantee money.
but the nda government, the congress said, has now removed agusta westland from the blacklist and prime minister narendra modi has even invited finmeccanica and agusta westland to participate in the make in india scheme.
asking why the cbi and ed investigation was not taken to its logical conclusion, congress leader anand sharma said the judgment of the italian court does not refer to any complicity.
the verdict, he emphasised, has to be read in full.
watch video | agusta westland: why is it a big deal politically now?
sources in the bjp said the party plans to use the agusta westland and ishrat jahan issues to corner a combative congress party in parliament.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said then defence minister antony had, in march 2013, said that corruption had taken place in the chopper deal, and that bribe had been taken.
bribe givers have been convicted (but) why are bribe takers silent?
antony should answer if congress leaders are involvedplease come clean, prasad said, adding that the chopper deal is not an isolated case of graft and that corruption (was) the byword of upa-i and upa-ii.
hitting back, sharma, congresss deputy leader in rajya sabha, accused the bjp of leading a vicious campaign to mislead people.
he said the upa government had approached judicial authorities in italy in july 2013.
the defence ministry had then also sought information about christain micheal, said to be the main middleman in the scandal, from the united kingdom.
in january 2014, the government cancelled the contract, confiscated the guarantee money, blacklisted agusta westland and directed cbi and ed to launch an investigation.
but the modi government, he claimed, was benevolent towards agusta westland.
this government allowed agusta westland to bid for projects in indian navy.
this was objected in writing by the ed and cbi.
police arrested 15 persons in this connection and raids are on to trace others.
police arrested 15 persons in this connection and raids are on to trace others.
a mob on saturday attacked a police station in azamgarh, demanding to invoke national security act (nsa) against a 23-year-old businessman who was arrested friday for allegedly writing some objectionable comments against prophet mohammed on facebook.
police arrested 15 persons in this connection and raids are on to trace others.
circle officer (co), phoolpur area, ravishankarprasad prasad said a group of locals led by history-sheeter kaleem jamai arrived at saraimeer police station around 11 am.
the mob shouted slogans, demanding to invoke nsa against amit sahu, he said.
policemen tried to pacify the mob saying that there is a procedure which needs to be followed before invoking nsa.
but, the mob started pelting the policemen with stones.
they also damaged a vehicle parked on the police station campus, the co said.
police later cane-charged the mob to bring the situation under control.
we arrested 15 persons from the spot.
attempts are being made to trace others, including kaleem, who managed to escape.
situation is under control at present, the co added.
station house officer (sho) of saraimeer police station ram naresh yadav said, we registered an fir against him (amit sahu) under ipc section 295-a (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings of any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs).
the police also invoked information technology act against the accused.
amit was arrested on friday and produced before a local court saturday, which sent him to jail.
b'union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandeythe law ministry is preparing a draft ordinance to overturn a supreme court verdict placing safeguards on arrest of those accused of committing atrocities on scs and sts, sources in the government on tuesday said.
the draft is being prepared in case the government decides to bring one to overturn the supreme court order.
the sources said no decision has been taken so far to bring the ordinance before the union cabinet and much would depend on the way the hearing on a review petition filed by the ministry of social justice and empowerment in the apex court progresses.
they said since review pleas may not bear immediate results and the supreme court decision could not be favourable, the government is keeping the draft handy.
the sources aware of deliberations within the government at different levels said promulgating an ordinance to restore the original provisions would help calm tempers.
introducing a bill in the monsoon session of parliament slated for july to amend the scheduled castes and scheduled tribe (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989 to overturn the sc order is the second option before the government, the sources said.
dalit groups had organised protests across the country on april 2 against the alleged dilution of the act through the march 20 verdict of the supreme court.
the protests had turned violent at several places which left several people dead.
opposition parties also accused the government of failing to protect dalit rights.
prime minister narendra modi on friday asserted his government will not let the law to prevent atrocities on scs and sts to be diluted.
i want to assure the nation that the law which has been made stringent by us will not allowed to be affected (by the sc order), he had said.
the apex court had laid down new guidelines for police officers on how to ensure that innocent people, especially public officials, are protected from false complaints under the act.
b'opposition parties led by congress chief rahul gandhi met president ram nath kovind and raised concerns on dilution of the sc/st act.
leaders of parties including bsp, ncp, cpm, sp, dmk handed a memorandum to kovind.
(amit mehra) opposition parties led by congress chief rahul gandhi met president ram nath kovind and raised concerns on dilution of the sc/st act.
leaders of parties including bsp, ncp, cpm, sp, dmk handed a memorandum to kovind.
(amit mehra)despite representations and appeals from dalit mps and opposition parties for the governments intervention on the supreme court order on scheduled caste and scheduled tribes atrocities (prevention) act, the bjp government at the centre has made no commitment to file a review petition against the march 20 ruling.
however, prime minister narendra modi on wednesday told a delegation of dalit mps that the nda government would continue its welfare initiatives taken for sc/st communities.
it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgment.
modiji heard our concerns, union minister ram vilas paswan, who was part of the delegation that met the pm, said.
rpi(a) leader and mos for social justice ramdas athawale said that he presented the pm with a memorandum on behalf of rpi(a) in addition to asking for a review petition by the union government.
the pm said the government is in the process of filing a review petition once the law ministry finishes studying the matter.
our government is doing the most work for welfare of dalits, unlike other governments who were all talk, he said.
paswan and athawale are pressing for a review of the apex court verdict.
paswans ljp has filed a review plea in the supreme court.
the bjp has more than three dozen sc mps.
express explained | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showhowever, udit raj, a bjp lok sabha mp, said the government had not made any commitment that it would file a review petition in the apex court.
the prime minister said the law ministry is studying the judgment.
after examining the order, it will reach a conclusion and that will be announced, he told the indian express.
the pm added that the government would continue working for welfare of dalit communities.
sources in the government said that although social justice and empowerment minister thawar chand gehlot has written to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad about a review plea, the matter did not come up for discussions in the two cabinet meetings since march 20.
meanwhile, members of the national commission for scheduled castes led by ram shankar katheria met president ram nath kovind seeking his intervention in pushing the government to file for review of the order.
looking at the number and nature of cases coming to the commission and the action taken on them (by local authorities), we know that such an order would aggravate problems faced by the dalit community and it will be injustice to them, katheria told the indian express.
the president said he would talk to the government.
the commission has listed recent developments that would go against the interests of sc communities, including the ugc order to calculate reserved posts in teaching jobs by considering a department as a unit instead of a university.
dilution of provisions of this special act is an aspect that needs to be strongly countered.
there will consequential delays in implementation of the act as well as the victims/dependents not getting the help and financial compensation as laid down in the rules framed under the act, the memorandum submitted to the president said.
read | dilution of sc/st act: rlsp chief asks pm modi to step inathawale told the indian express that he met maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis monday to discuss the matter of the state government filing a review petition in the apex court in the subhash mahajan versus the state of maharashtra case.
the cm agreed to the state of maharashtra filing a review petition.
it is important that both the union and maharashtra governments take a stand that offences under atrocity act remain non-bailable and also dispel the misconception that a majority of cases under the act are false and misused, he said.
the bjp has lined up all its union ministers, along with chief ministers, to campaign in the upcoming municipal polls.
the party has prepared a list of star campaigners which include union home minister rajnath singh, defence minister arun jaitley, information and broadcasting minister m venkaiah naidu, road transport and highways minister nitin gadkari, along with vijay goel, jitendra singh, sanjeev balyan, smriti irani, radha mohan singh and ravishankarprasad prasad.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath and deputy cm keshav prasad maurya, along with chhattisgarh cm raman singh, mp cm shivraj singh chouhan, uttarakhand cm trivendra singh rawat, maharashtra cm devendra fadnavis, cm assam sarbananda sonowal, jharkhand cm raghubar das, are also part of the list of star campaigners.
among other star campaigners are kalraj mishra, giriraj singh, ramesh bidhuri, maheish girri and delhi unit chief manoj tiwari.
the list sent for central leadership approval contains 53 names.
the list of campaigners will be sent to election commission for approval.
among celebrities, actress hema malini and actor ravi kishan have been listed.
earlier also, union ministers and chief ministers had campaigned for the party and it had a positive impact.
but this time, with bjp winning states, many from the up have been called in to address the population from up and bihar that constitute a significant chunk of the delhi voters.
big leaders campaigning for the party makes an impact on voters.
it makes voters believe that they are taken seriously.
if our central ministers approach people and promise development, the voter will know that party is thinking about them and their problems will be taken at the highest level, said a senior party leader.
b'slamming the upa government for adopting the path of confrontation with the opposition,the bjp today made it clear that it was in no mood to let passage of bills in parliament.
no question of bjps cooperation in passing bills in parliament.
confrontation and cooperation cannot go together, senior party leader m venkaiah naidu told reporters here.
naidu said the joint parliamentary committees draft report on 2g issue,that gave a clean chit to prime minister manmohan singh,was leaked and congress wants bjp members on jpc  jaswant singh,yashwant sinha and ravishankarprasad prasad  removed.
the congress can remove all opposition members from parliament itself just as it did during the emergency, naidu,said,adding,seeking exit of bjp members on the jpc spoke of the evil mind of the government.
naidu said the congress-led government has been caught with its pants down with the cbis affidavit filed in the supreme court yesterday stating that its status report on coalgate was shared with law minister ashwani kumar and prime ministers office.
the cbi affidavit had proved that pmo officials and law minister were privy to the report,vindicated bjps position that the central agency was being misused for political and partisan ends and that cbi had become congress bureau of investigation, the bjp leader said.
asserting that the upa government had been reduced to a minority with several of its allies deserting it,he said it was surviving because of the cbi.
this government has become vulnerable and may fall any time, he said.
lok sabha polls were imminent after the karnataka assembly elections.
on congress vice-president rahul gandhis attack on the bjp government in karnataka,whom he had accused of creating a world record in corruption,naidu said the congress leader promising a clean administration was the joke of the century as congress and clean cannot go together.
naidu said bjp was gaining strength day by day in karnataka and despite initial doubts,it would secure a clear majority.
while 120 lok sabha seats from uttar pradesh and bihar hold the key to bjps bid for power at the centre in the general elections next year,the pace of party preparations in the two states presents contrasting pictures.
in uttar pradesh,politically the most crucial for the saffron party,no district-level rally has taken place so far while in bihar the party has already held 19 such rallies.
we have completed district-level rallies in 19 districts and plan to complete three more by october 3 after which we will start preparing for the october 27 hunkar rally in patna to be addressed by narendra modi.
after october 3,we will hold block and panchayat-level meetings in 12 districts around patna to mobilise support for the october 27 rally.
the rallies for the remaining districts will be taken up after hunkar rally, former bihar deputy chief minister and senior party leader sushil kumar modi told the indian express.
he claimed each of these rallies saw gatherings of up to 15,000 people.
apart from him,senior party leaders from the state ravishankarprasad prasad,rajiv pratap rudy and shahnawaz hussain have been regularly participating in these rallies.
in contrast,party sources from uttar pradesh said there has been no district-level rally till now in the state,where the party seems to be relying on the charisma of narendra modi and his key aide amit shah,who is the general secretary in charge of the state.
all that the party leaders from the state highlight is that the bjps prime ministerial candidate has planned to start addressing rallies in the state before he begins in bihar.
our entire focus appears to be on the eight rallies of narendra modi in different parts of the state and one mega rally in lucknow, said a senior leader from the state.
the first three rallies will be held in kanpur,jhansi and bahraich.
the other venues are gorakhpur,meerut,aligarh,bareilly and varanasi.
please note,these rallies will be held in the states urban centres (except bahraich),where the party has had substantial presence.
the party needs strengthening in the rural areas of the state, said a leader,underlining how these rallies by modi could not be a replacement of what the partys bihar unit has been able to do in the past three months.
party sources admit this is a poor reflection on the partys weakened organisation in uttar pradesh,which has 80 seats in the lok sabha.
it was this realisation that got party president rajnath singh to depute shah as general secretary in-charge of the state to revive the party unit.
however,party sources claimed it did not appear to make much difference with initial tension between shah and another party general secretary varun gandhi.
initially,what we gathered,there appeared a clash brewing between shah and varun.
so much that over 30 mlas supporting varun sought to mount pressure on shah.
however,the party leadership intervened and a working relationship was struck between both the leaders, confided a bjp functionary.
b'curfew was imposed in parts of both madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh; mobile internet services stand suspended.
(visuals from ahmedabad/express photo by javed raja/file) curfew was imposed in parts of both madhya pradesh and uttar pradesh; mobile internet services stand suspended.
(visuals from ahmedabad/express photo by javed raja/file)fresh violence broke out in rajasthans hindaun city in karauli district on tuesday as a mob of 3,000 angry people from other castes set ablaze the house of two dalit politicians as a counter-protest against mondays bharat bandh.
meanwhile, the death toll due to dalit protest rose to eleven after a policeman succumbed to his injuries in rajasthan and the discovery of one more body in madhya pradesh.
curfew was imposed in parts of both the states and mobile internet services stand suspended.
mob burns home of two leaders in rajasthanthe crowd set on fire the houses of incumbent mla from hindaun city rajkumari jatav and former minister bharosi lal jatav, alok kumar vashishtha, inspector general of police, bharatpur range, rajasthan told the indian express on tuesday.
he added that the crowd tried to attack a settlement of dalits, particularly people from the jatav community.
officials also added that 45 people have been arrested for tuesdays violence, while 1,000 people have been held in connection with the clashes on monday.
police sources also said that when they took out a flag march on tuesday morning, some miscreants engaged in violence and clashed with the security personnel.
the police had to resort to firing tear gas shells  some of which fell on a government school, leading to chaos in which around a dozen schoolchildren were injured, officials said, reported ians.
according to the police, tension also prevailed in churu and gangapur city, where the law-and-order situation remained critical.
express opinion | we must remove inequality, ambedkar said, or our political structure will be in perilthe relatives of pawan kumar, who died in the clashes in alwar on monday, staged a sit-in protest, refusing to cremate his body.
security has been beefed up in rajasthan in the wake of sporadic incidents of violence reported from the state.
a total of 23 companies of police have been deployed in different towns and flag marches are being carried out in the most-affected areas, state police chief o.o. galhotra said, adding that normalcy was returning to rajasthan.
tension continues in madhya pradeshcurfew also continued in various parts of gwalior, bhind and morena districts of madhya pradesh as tension simmered in the state.
two more bodies were found in the state on tuesday.
while the police linked the death of dashrath jatav, whose body was found in bhind, to mondays protests; they denied another deaths connection with the protest in morena.
the police claimed that rakesh pathak, the 25-year-student leader, was shot dead because of a personal grudge and not during the bandh.
reports said that there was stone-pelting at the residences of bhind mp bhagirath prasad and state minister lal singh arya.
in bhopal, which also saw protests on monday, police conducted a flag march and warned people not to take part in any agitation.
gwaliors superintendent of police ashish told ians that 50 people have been taken into custody and are being questioned about mondays violence.
chief minister shivraj singh chouhan and home minister bhupendra singh also appealed for peace and reiterated that the government is working towards the upliftment of scs and sts.
dalit activists protesting on the railway tracks in ludhiana on monday during countrywide bharat bandh against the recent judgment by the supreme court on the sc & st (prevention) atrocity act 1989,.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file) dalit activists protesting on the railway tracks in ludhiana on monday during countrywide bharat bandh against the recent judgment by the supreme court on the sc & st (prevention) atrocity act 1989,.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file)no reports of violence from uttar pradeshuttar pradesh, meanwhile, returned to normalcy as no untoward incident was reported from the state.
around 650 people have been arrested in connection with yesterdays violence in the state and 125 cases have been lodged, dig (law and order) pravin kumar said, reported pti.
two people had died in the state during the protests on monday.
read | sc/st act: never thought it will become political issue, says original complainantpolitical blame gamethe political war, however, continued with both the bjp and the opposition blaming each other for the protests.
i wish to inform the house that the government of india was not party in that case.
through the house, i want to assure the people that there has been no dilution whatsoever by my government, rather after coming to power and examining the sc/st prevention atrocities act, we have taken a decision to strengthen it, rajnath singh said while making a suo motu statement in the lok sabha during the zero hour today.
bjp president amit shah, reached out to the community, in a series of tweets and said microscopic minority of dejected and rejected political parties made the people suffer and sought their apology to dalit sisters and brothers.
the bjps stand is clear, which i am once again stating  we fully believe in the constitution given by babasaheb and the rights it has given to the sc/st communities.
at every juncture and in all possible ways, the bjp stands shoulder to shoulder with the dalit community, he said, blaming vested interest groups for spreading the panic.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad also rejected as unfounded the oppositions charge that the government delayed the filing of a review plea in the supreme court against its order on a law on atrocities against dalits.
he stated that the court was closed for six days after the verdict was delivered on march 20.
there is tension in the country and the congress is trying to fuel it, he said.
union minister and dalit leader ramdas athawale accused the congress and the bsp of trying to incite violence during the agitation.
various reports say that the violence was incited and the congress, bsp and other opposition parties had a hand in it.
i have met the deputy chief minister of uttar pradesh and demanded an inquiry, athawale said.
congress president rahul gandhi lashed out at prime minister narendra modi for not uttering a word on the alleged atrocities on dalits and tribals.
the modi government is conspiring to violate the rights of dalits and tribals by speaking lies and falsehoods.
the sc/st atrocities act that was brought by the congress and rajiv gandhi has almost been finished at the hands of the modi government and its law ministry, congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala said.
express opinion | judiciary needs to be sensitised to the operation of caste in indian societyprotesters block a road in ahmedabad on monday as part of the nationwide bandh on monday (express photo/file) protesters block a road in ahmedabad on monday as part of the nationwide bandh on monday (express photo/file)supreme court declines to stay its sc/st verdictthe supreme court, meanwhile, refused to stay its recent order on the sc/st act and clarified that it had not diluted the provisions of the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act but had only sought to protect innocent people from arrest.
the court also added that the people who are agitating may not have read the judgement properly and must have been misled by people with vested interests.
a bench of justices ak geol and u u lalit said it has taken note of the governments plea for review and will examine its previous order which imposed stringent safeguards on arrest under the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad tuesday said allegations of sexual harassment levelled by an additional district judge in madhya pradesh against a high court judge should be inquired into fairly and appropriate action should be taken.
an incident of alleged sexual harassment of an additional district judge in mp by a high court judge has come in media.
this incident, as reported, is deeply regrettable and unfortunate, prasad said outside parliament.
he added that the matter was sensitive, and it was very assuring that the chief justice of india himself had taken the initiative to follow up the issue.
i would wish, more as a citizen of india, that the matter needs to be inquired into fairly and objectively and in the event if the allegations are found to be correct, then i am sure, the judiciary led by the honble cji would be wise enough to take appropriate action, prasad said.
a woman additional district and sessions judge in gwalior had quit her job after accusing the hc judge of sexual harassment, a charge he has rejected.
the woman judge has sent a nine-page representation to the cji stating that the hc judge had some months ago started showing more than normal interest in her work.
the issue was also raised in lok sabha, with bjp mp meenakshi lekhi saying the incident showed that women were not safe even in the hallowed precincts of the judiciary.
supreme court declines early hearingnew delhi: the supreme court tuesday declined to grant an early hearing to a pil demanding registration of an fir and setting up of an inquiry committee to probe the gwalior woman judges complaint against a sitting judge of the madhya pradesh high court.
the bench asked the petitioner to approach the chief justice of india for appropriate orders.
indu malhotra indu malhotrathe government is learnt to have cleared the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as a judge of the supreme court, sources in the law ministry said today.
she will be the first woman to be appointed to the top post directly from the bar.
with this development, the government has decided to put on hold the elevation of justice k m joseph, who heads the uttarakhand high court.
on january 22, the apex court collegiums file recommending the elevation of justice joseph and malhotra reached the law ministry.
after processing the file in the first week of february, the recommendations were kept in abeyance as the government wanted to elevate only malhotra.
but now, the government has gone ahead with the appointment of malhotra and kept on hold the elevation of justice joseph.
the government feels that while recommending the name of justice joseph, the collegium has disregarded seniority and regional representation.
he is 42nd in the seniority list of 669 high court judges.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad would now write to chief justice of india dipak misra about its decision to appoint only malhotra, the sources added.
it is evident that the real interest is not in preventing cruelty to animals but rather, in protecting cattle for other reasons.
(illustration by subrata dhar) it is evident that the real interest is not in preventing cruelty to animals but rather, in protecting cattle for other reasons.
(illustration by subrata dhar)the centres decision on friday to ban the sale and purchase of cattle for slaughter at cattle markets evoked strong reactions.
political leaders from different states have both hailed and opposed the decision.
states like tamil nadu and kerala organised beef fests in protest whereas, in uttar pradesh, cow shelters welcomed the decision, saying the new rule would curb rampant theft and smuggling of cattle.
the centres move is considered to be a big blow for meat suppliers across the country.
the environment ministry notified the regulation of livestock market rules under the prevention of cruelty to animals act.
according to these rules, no person shall bring a cattle to an animal market unless upon arrival he has furnished a written declaration signed by the owner of the cattle or his duly authorised agent stating that the cattle has not been brought to the market for sale for slaughter.
here are the political reactions from across the country:kerala cm pinarayi vijayan kerala cm pinarayi vijayanpinarayi vijayan: kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan wrote a letter to pm modi on saturday, staunchly opposing the centres decision and said such restrictions go against the principles of secularism and federalism as enshrined in the constitution.
the absence of efforts to take the states into confidence on such a drastic move with far reaching consequences is detrimental to our democracy.
i am afraid it amounts to an intrusion into the rights of the states in our federal structure.
the introduction of such restrictions in a hasty manner would certainly prove to be a challenge in upholding our plurality, the essence of our nation, read the letter to pm modi.
he said the rules impose unreasonable restrictions on the fundamental right to carry on any trade or occupation under article 19 (1) (g) of the constitution.
they also violate the basic right of a person to freedom of choice regarding his food, he said.
west bengal chief minister west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee (file photo)mamata banerjee: west bengal cm mamata banerjee on monday said that she would request the centre to not interfere in the matter and destroy the federal structure, adding that her government would not accept this order and would challenge it legally and constitutionally.
the government of west bengal had earlier disapproved of the centres move to ban the sale of cattle from animal markets meant for slaughter, saying that such a decision cannot be taken unilaterally in a federal structure.
m.
k stalin: dmk leader m k stalin called for a protest in chennai on wednesday against the centres recent decision to ban trade of cattle for slaughter in animal markets.
earlier, the dmk had called for repealing the beef ban law, saying it infringes on the right of every citizen to make their food choices.
he had also asked the bjp government to recuse itself from endangering the pluralism by instituting monolithic laws.
while tamil nadu chief minister k palaniswami said he will comment on the centres ban on cattle sale after going through the notification.
union minister mankeja gandhi.
(file) union minister mankeja gandhi.
(file)maneka gandhi: union minister maneka gandhi defended the governments decision, saying that the new rule will ensure prevention of cruelty towards animals.
gandhi, who is also an animal rights activist, added, animal markets were started for farmers so that they could sell their cattle to other farmers.
so if i have a cow and a calf and i dont want to keep the calf, then i can sell it in the market.
puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy puducherry chief minister v narayanasamyv narayanasamy: puducherry chief minister v narayanasamy slammed the ban saying government has no right to impose restrictions on food habits of people, calling it autocratic and a clear case of infringement on the rights of people relating to food habits.
ravi shankar prasad: law minister and senior bjp leader slammed the congress over the recent slaughter of a calf in public view in kerala, allegedly by youth congress workers protesting against the centre.
he said, this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
political opposition happens but it is unfortunate that such an act has been committed, that too by youth congress workers.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(bjp twitter/files) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(bjp twitter/files)the bjp on wednesday slammed former prime minister manmohan singh for attacking prime minister narendra modi for his long silence over the kathua and unnao incident and sought an apology from him for keeping quiet when his ministers used the word saffron terror.
mr manmohan singh, you need to recall that prime minister modi has spoken very harshly against the the unfortunate incidents of rape in kathua and up and called these inhuman acts shameful, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
in an interview to the indian express, singh had hit out at modi for his long silence over the rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in kathua and the alleged rape of a teenager by a bjp mla in unnao.
singh had said modi should follow his own advice to me and speak more often.
also read | manmohan singh on kathua, unnao rape cases: pm narendra modi should follow own advice to me, speak more oftenreacting to the interview, prasad said: the pm has promised justice and effective action.
dr manmohan singh, unlike you, if mr modi says something, it is heard and action is taken.
today, uttar pradesh mlas are in jail and the cbi probe is ordered.
in kathua too, bjp ministers have resigned immediately and effective action is going on and many of the culprits are arrested.
with bjp deciding to to use the verdict on the 2007 mecca masjid blast case as an election issue to consolidate its support base among the majority community, prasad asked singh why had he kept silent when his ministers used terms like saffron terror.
the government is swearing by the utility value of aadhaar as one of the most effective tools of checking tax evasion and keeping tabs on black money.
the government is swearing by the utility value of aadhaar as one of the most effective tools of checking tax evasion and keeping tabs on black money.
the governments move to link pan with aadhaar has got support from a large number of people, but a vast majority are concerned about their personal details getting leaked and being misused, two separate surveys show.
the first survey, conducted by online citizen engagement platform localcircles, found that close to two-thirds of respondents were concerned about their aadhaar details getting leaked during the prevailing processes of getting the id card made and through access protocols for vendors like banks and telecom operators.
about one-fourth respondents said they were not concerned, showing their satisfaction with the existing security measures, while the remaining did not express any opinion.
according to localcircles, a total of 10,729 citizens voted on this poll.
in the second poll, which had 9,847 respondents, 70 per cent backed the governments move to link aadhaar with the permanent account number (pan) in its bid to increase the compliance level.
another 27 per cent opposed such linkage, while 3 per cent did not express their opinion.
the finance act, 2017, has made it a must for taxpayers to link their pan to the 12-digit aadhaar or the enrolment id at the time of application, to file their returns.
the government has also made it mandatory to have aadhaar before one can apply for pan, effective july 1, 2017.
such linkage in the long run will help the government establish that its subsidies are reaching the intended targets as the income tax department can verify the link between the beneficiary and the eligible income group.
the government is swearing by the utility value of aadhaar as one of the most effective tools of checking tax evasion and keeping tabs on black money.
according to the poll, some spoke of operators who go to the extent of selling the personal details in the market.
many suggested severe penalties including jail term for those found guilty of compromising the biometric and other information.
localcircles said it also spoke to some vendors who outlined their own concerns including the costs they have to incur in form of the money needed to become a licensed player and the high upfront investment in equipment.
some vendors also complained about the delay in payment of rs 100 per aadhaar card by the unique identification authority of india (uidai), the nodal agency entrusted with the job.
of late, the data leak vulnerability has assumed serious proportions, given the frequency of such breaches.
star cricketer m s dhoni found himself at the receiving end of one such data misuse which was attributed to the over-zealousness of an enrolment entity that let out his personal details.
the government stepped in after his wife sakshi flagged the matter to union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
there were also media reports about close to 13.
5 crore aadhaar accounts getting published on a website, highlighting vulnerabilities of the system.
the worries mainly revolve around the existing procedure to make an aadhaar card and access protocols provided to vendors such as banks, telecom operators and the like, the survey showed.
those who participated in the exercise felt that the uidai has its task cut out and should plug the gaps in respect of aadhaar information usage, access, sharing and retention.
b'karnataka high court chief justice dinesh maheshwari.
karnataka high court chief justice dinesh maheshwari.
in another development in the stalled elevation of a judicial officer to the karnataka high court, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote last week to chief justice of india dipak misra stating that the earlier inquiry clearing the judicial officer did not follow the vishaka guidelines on sexual harassment.
the law ministers note followed a letter from chief justice of karnataka high court justice dinesh maheshwari to the cji late last month, saying that another inquiry, by the high courts administrative committee, had cleared the judicial officer of all charges after accepting his reply.
the elevation of judicial officer p krishna bhat to the karnataka high court has been stalled by the government despite the supreme court collegium clearing it.
a series of letters have been exchanged between the law ministry, cji misra, justice j chelameswar and justice maheshwari on the matter, in what raises questions over the independence of the higher judiciary in appointing judges to high courts.
the two new letters, from the karnataka chief justice and the law minister to the cji, are likely to add to the brewing tension between the government and judiciary.
the government is also sitting over recommendations made by the collegium for elevation of justice k m joseph and advocate indu malhotra to the supreme court.
read | sc clears judge for posting but karnataka hc begins probe after a note from centrebhats name was first recommended for elevation to the karnataka high court by the supreme court collegium in august 2016, but stalled following a complaint by a woman judicial officer.
in october and november 2016, the then chief justice of the karnataka high court, justice s k mukherjee, informed the cji that his inquiry had found the allegations against bhat incorrect and concocted.
subsequently, in april 2017, bhats name was reiterated by the collegium.
as per the judgment in the second judges case, in case the collegium reiterates a name, it is incumbent upon the law ministry to issue warrants for appointment of that person to the high court.
however, instead of issuing the warrant for bhats appointment, late last year, the ministry directly wrote to the karnataka high court, saying it had received a fresh complaint from the woman judicial officer that bhat had managed her earlier complaint.
in march, the current karnataka high court chief justice, dinesh maheshwari, opened the pending inquiry against bhat, without informing the cji.
objecting to the government directly communicating with the high court instead of informing the collegium, justice chelameswar, a collegium member, wrote a strong letter to the cji and all judges of the apex court.
he asked for a meeting of the full court on the judicial side in the supreme court to discuss the governments interference in appointment of judges to the high court.
sources told the indian express that the law ministers letter to the cji last week was a thinly veiled response to justice chelameswars charges in his last letter.
the ministers note, sources said, highlighted the fact that the 2016 enquiry against bhat, which had cleared him of all the charges, did not follow vishaka guidelines applicable in the case of allegations of sexual harassment.
as per the guidelines issued by the supreme court, complaints of sexual harassment should have been referred to the sexual harassment committee of the high court.
sources in the karnataka high court, however, said the woman judicial officer had not approached the sexual harassment committee of the high court and her case was considered by the administrative committee no.
1 of the court.
administrative committee no.
1 comprises five judges of the high court, including the chief justice.
after justice maheshwari reopened the enquiry on march 4, bhat was given 15 days by the committee to file his reply.
bhats reply was considered by the committee in a meeting at justice maheshwaris residence at 9 pm on march 20, where the two cases against him were closed and the allegations dismissed.
justice maheshwari wrote to the cji on march 23 informing him of the closure of inquiry against bhat, appending the minutes of the meeting.
the minutes record that the complaint by the woman judicial officer alleges atrocities and abuse of power on a lady officer during the period from 04.
12.
2013 to 19.
05.
2015.
the woman officer has alleged that on three specific instances  february 2014, april 2014 and august 2014  she was summoned by bhat after 10 pm at night.
she said she refused the fourth time she was summoned late at night, reportedly in october 2014, and that after this she was discriminated against on her orderly entitlement.
as per the minutes of the administrative committee, the woman made the complaint after bhat had submitted a report to the high court on her conduct as his subordinate at belagavi, leading to filing of a vigilance case against her in february 2016.
in april 2016, the woman judicial officer resigned, but withdrew it in june 2016.
three days before withdrawing her resignation, she made the complaints of harassment against bhat, to the cji and chief justice of the karnataka high court.
b'bharat bandh: bsp chief mayawati addresses the media on monday.
(photo: twitter/ani) bharat bandh: bsp chief mayawati addresses the media on monday.
(photo: twitter/ani)bsp chief mayawati on monday launched a scathing attack on the bjp-led government at the centre over the delay in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict, which allegedly diluted the provisions of the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
while addressing the media in the party office, mayawati said, the central government took a lot of time in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict on the sc/st act.
had they filed the review petition in time, there wouldnt be any protests or bharat bandh.
the dalit and adivasi communities are angry over the supreme court judgment on the sc/st act.
they have been raising this concern but the central government chose to keep mum, she added.
live updateswhile extending her support to the bharat bandh and to the cause of the dalits, the bsp leader accused the bjp of indulging in politics of caste and being anti-dalits.
the backwards are not getting their constitutional rights.
bjp is always doing politics of caste.
the dalits today are going towards darkness.
they are being deprived of promotion in jobs, she said.
she also clarified that the bsp has no role in the violence.
the protest is justified.
i support it.
however, i have got to know that some people are spreading violence during the protests.
i strongly condemn this.
our party is not behind the violence.
i urge the authorities to initiate strong action against the culprits, she said.
adding that the central government is misusing its power against the dalits and backwards, she said, the dalits have been campaigning for their rights.
our party will not sit quietly if their voices are not heard.
read | bharat bandh: sc refuses urgent hearing on plea seeking review of sc/st act verdictterming the privatisation of government departments as a conspiracy, mayawati said, the continuous privatisation of government department is also a conspiracy.
bjp doesnt want the dalits to be promoted.
all of this just makes it clear that the narendra modi-led government is against dalits and backwards.
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadthe bjp believes in the innocence of its leaders in the babri masjid case, party leader ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday and rejected as imaginary a question on whether the supreme court order will impact the possible candidature of l k advani and murli manohar joshi in the presidential and vice presidential polls.
we believe in the innocence of our important leaders, including advani ji and joshi jithey have been facing trial and they will face trial in terms of process of law, he said.
asked whether the sc order asking them to face trial will impact their candidature for the posts of the president and the vice president, elections for which are due in the next few months, the union minister said he would not respond to imaginary questions.
while the term of president pranab mukherjee is coming to an end on july 24, the term of vice president hamid ansari ends on august 10.
top bjp leaders advani, joshi and uma bharti will be tried for criminal conspiracy in the 1992 babri masjid demolition case as the supreme court had on wednesday allowed a cbi plea for restoring the charge against them.
the apex court, however, noted that rajasthan governor kalyan singh enjoys constitutional immunity and can be tried only after he ceases to hold the office.
singh was the chief minister of uttar pradesh in 1992.
prasad said the case relating to the demolition is not a new one and had been on since 1993.
it has gone through various stages of justiceit was a supremer court order which said cases in lucknow and rae bareli should go on separately.
now the court has said that the two cases be clubbed together.
both are the supreme courts orders.
the supreme court is supreme, he said.
this is the first visit of the prime minister to the city after the bjp came to power in the state last month.
this is the first visit of the prime minister to the city after the bjp came to power in the state last month.
prime minister narendra modi will on saturday attend the closing ceremony of allahabad high courts sesquicentennial celebrations in allahabad.
the prime ministers aircraft will land at the bamrauli airport on the outskirts of the city at 10 am where he will be received by uttar pradesh governor ram naik and chief minister yogi adityanath, among others, the district information office said.
thereafter, modi will be driven to the high court premises, about 20 kms from the airport, where he will be joined by chief justice of india j s khehar and union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad and a number of judges of supreme court and justices of various high courts.
deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya is also likely to welcome the prime minister at the airport.
members of the state cabinet siddharth nath singh and nand gopal gupta nandi are already camping in the city.
while maurya is a lok sabha member from phulpur, which covers a major part of the city, singh and nandi respectively represent allahabad (west) and allahabad (south) in the state assembly.
this is the first visit of the prime minister to the city after the bjp came to power in the state last month.
during his two-day tour here last year, for attending the bjps national executive meeting, modi had paid a brief, informal visit to the high court and interacted with judges and members of the bar.
the year-long sesquicentennial celebrations were inaugurated in march, 2015 by president pranab mukherjee.
karnataka assembly elections results 2018 (illustrations: debdut mukhopadhyay) karnataka assembly elections results 2018 (illustrations: debdut mukhopadhyay)karnataka ka king kaun?
was the question aaj tak posed before its exit poll results on saturday evening.
midday wednesday, we were still awaiting the answer to that rs 100-crore question, after the bjp fell short of a simple majority and the jd(s)-congress staked claim to office.
in what it called the biggest news break of the day, news x said the karnataka governor would call upon the bjp to form the government, even as jd(s) leader kumaraswamy (hdk) went to town and the press with allegations of the bjp trying to black money bribe his mlas.
that got news channels onto their high horse: horse trading, bribery, poaching, proclaimed mirror now with hold-your-nose distaste, power tussle gets dirtier.
tv news channels raced about in search of missing congress and jd(s) mlas; they reported on the allies resorting to resort politics (as most called it), to keep their flock away from cash and cabinet, allegedly offered by the preying bjp (times now).
and everyone was holding a press conference: first bjps yeddyurappa, with kumaraswamys immediate rejoinder; then bjps prakash javadekar followed by congressman ghulam nabi azads reply.
whos next?
dont go away.
ah, but was there a twist in the tale?
republic thought so: it had caught bjps javadekar leaving in a car, the hotel where kumaraswamy was holed up earlier on wednesday.
was this operation double dating even as the jd(s) floated allegations on operation kamal take2?
who knows and who cares?
everybody.
this was/is a political thriller (news x, republic), all the more spellbinding because it was totally unexpected.
on tuesday morning, the assembly election results pointed to a saffron storm (ndtv 247) as modi leher (zee hindustan) sweeps through karnataka (news x) and sees rahul fail (aaj tak).
lingayat lollipop backfires for cm siddaramaiah, concluded ndtv 247, a headline which makes nonsense of the english language but complete sense to indians.
by tuesday lunchtime, very pleased-looking bjp leaders like nirmala sitharaman, ravishankarprasad prasad gave eager tv news channels as much time as they wanted, to celebrate the partys victory in the south and, deliver funereal orations on the demise of the congress as a national party.
then, on tuesday afternoon, the congress and jd(s), reminding us that there are no permanent foes (or friends) in politics, joined hands, and the narrative shifted.
suddenly, the bjps famous victory was all but forgotten in the grab for power (times now).
now, india todays war-nataka had been well and truly declared, and for over 36 hours we witnessed the dance of democracy (nalin kohli), democracy for sale?
(ndtv 247) as the two sides traded insults, charges and perhaps even mlas.
as if that wasnt exciting enough, tv news broadcast the latest developments in this stoop-to conquer battle  who could fall lower, you just had to know.
tv news obliged: its been news, news and more news  when, last, did that happen on tv?
how will this minute-by-minute tussle on live tv impact public opinion?
which political persuasion stands to gain from it?
for those answers, we may have to wait until the 2019 lok sabha election results.
television news and vote counting day love and depend on each other for their success: one without the other is like the bjp without the congress (!
).
and so tuesday, all news anchors and their experts were in their studios a few hours before counting, to repeat all the wisdom they had already shared with us on saturday after the exit polls suggested an indecisive verdict.
once the first leads and postal votes were in after 8 am, tuesday, it was like socks in a clothes dryer, where no two socks match: each channel had a different figure for the three main contending parties almost up to noon.
so next time, remember to stick to one channel.
by 9.
15 am, abps reporters, whose tongues ran away with them like formula one cars, virtually called the election for the bjp  only 14 seats away from a majority  which, of course, never materialised.
india tv, like many others, referred to results when the figures referred to leads.
modi and shah were complimented; rahul excoriated  one guest on wion said the congress had done well in karnataka, rahul was the major liability.
exit polls: perhaps, because they had only an hour to release their findings, also disagreed, with abp and news x being more right than wrong, and republic spot on.
and, is it mathematically possible to have a poll of polls, a practice popularised by ndtv?
what of times now which conducted not one but two double dhamaka polls?
rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
(file photo) rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
(file photo)hitting out at the bjp for levelling baseless corruption allegations against him, rjd supremo and former bihar chief minister lalu prasad yadav on tuesday said he will fight the fascist forces, as reported by pti.
this comes days after he and his children, tejashwi yadav, tej pratap yadav and misa bharti, were accused by the bjp of being involved in corrupt land deals.
i am not scared of empty threats, lalu tweeted.
bjp                              lalu prasad yadav (@laluprasadrjd) may 16, 2017 - ,     22    bjp       ( )      lalu prasad yadav (@laluprasadrjd) may 16, 2017meanwhile, earlier today, the income tax department conducted raids in 22 locations across delhi, gurgaon and rewari in connection with alleged benami land deals.
a team of nearly 100 officials were sent to search the premises of businessmen and real estate agents in connection with the deals.
rjd mp p c guptas sons house was also raided.
people and businessmen connected to the land deal involving lalu prasad and his family are being searched.
there are allegations of benami deals worth about rs 1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, a senior official had said.
read: lalu prasad under i-t scanner; raids conducted at 22 locations in delhi ncrin a press conference last week, senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad made corruption allegations against lalu and his family members.
he had urged the centre to initiate a cbi probe into alleged corrupt land deals.
he alleged that misa, a rajya sabha mp, had not disclosed these land assets in her election affidavit.
in response to prasads allegations, bihar chief minister nitish kumar hit back at the saffron party, saying it should substantiate its allegations with proof.
this is not an issue that falls in the domain of the state government nor in the company law of bihar.
if the bjp has documents, then it should take legal recourse to prove their accusations, nitish had said.
rjd and nitishs jd(u) form the coalition government in bihar.
tejashwi yadav and tej pratap yadav are ministers in the government.
b'finance minister arun jaitley (file photo) finance minister arun jaitley (file photo)finance minister arun jaitley, whose rajya sabha term from gujarat is coming to an end, will contest elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will be contesting from bihar, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan will do so from madhya pradesh, the bjps central election committee announced on wednesday.
hrd minister prakash javadekar will contest from maharashtra.
while pradhan is currently a member from bihar, javadekar is from madhya pradesh.
the party on wednesday announced the names of eight union ministers and one general secretary for the upcoming rajya sabha polls in various states.
all others  apart from jaitley, pradhan and javadekar  will contest from the states they have been elected from.
social justice minister thawarchand gehlot will contest from madhya pradesh and j p nadda from himachal pradesh, the party said in a statement.
the other two union ministers, parshottam rupala and manusukh mandaviya, will contest from gujarat.
bhupender yadav, the partys general secretary, will again contest from rajasthan.
the bjp is expected to increase its strength as 58 seats are going for elections on march 23.
bjps impressive performance in the past two years would have a favourable impact on the party.
the current strength of the bjp in the 239-member house is 58 and the nda has 82.
the number of seats falling vacant are  uttar pradesh(10), maharashtra and bihar (6 each), west bengal and madhya pradesh (5 each), karnataka and gujarat (4 each), andhra pradesh, telangana, odisha and rajasthan (3 each), jharkhand( 2) and chhattisgarh, haryana, himachal and uttarakhand (1 each).
meanwhile, samajwadi party has decided to re-nominate jaya bachchan for rajya sabha from uttar pradesh.
b'the committee has proposed to rename the project as bharatnet, which is to be completed by december 2017 at an estimated cost of rs 72,778 crore.
the committee has proposed to rename the project as bharatnet, which is to be completed by december 2017 at an estimated cost of rs 72,778 crore.
amid right-of-way hurdles stymying the national optical fibre network (nofn), a vital component of the nda governments digital india push that aims at plugging the rural connectivity gap, the centre has given in to the demands made by a section of states to implement their part of the scheme on their own.
an active role for states is being seen by the centre as a bid to expedite project execution and tide over right-of-way hurdles, as states such as andhra pradesh, tamil nadu and gujarat are among those seeking their participation to be conditional to them getting the mandate to take up their leg of the project on their own.
on the bharatnet project for connecting 2,50,000 gram panchayats (gps), states have come on board.
some like tamil nadu want to go with their own model, which is fine, minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad told the indian express.
according to government officials involved in the exercise, the nofn project  envisaged as a centre-state joint effort where states were expected to contribute by way of waiving off the right-of-way charges  is running behind schedule.
an internal assessment by the department of telecommunications (dot) suggests that it is unlikely to be completed by its deadline of december 2016.
while in 2014-15, plans were afoot to execute work for 1 lakh gps, which was later scaled down to 50,000 gps, data up to march 2015 showed that only about 20,000 gps had been covered under the nofn  just about 40 per cent of the planned target.
as on december 6, 2015, optical fibre cable laying in 32,272 gps had been completed and 76,624 kilometer fibre laid, according to latest government data.
share this article related article bharatnet project: despite push, need right course for right-of-waybharatnet project: despite push, need right course for right-of-way trai recommends ppp model for bharatnet projecttrai recommends ppp model for bharatnet project the five digital india stories you must read todaythe five digital india stories you must read today easier said than done: centre, states disagree over laying fibre networkeasier said than done: centre, states disagree over laying fibre network pm narendra modi to review national optical fibre network project tomorrowpm narendra modi to review national optical fibre network project tomorrow centre to invite private firms to lay optic cables for 50k gram panchayatsthe nofn project, officials said, is now being monitored on a weekly basis and a progress report is being sent to the dot and other stakeholders every monday.
prasad said that his ministry is in the process of finalising the implementation details, including the dpr (detailed project report) norms.
then we have spv (special purpose vehicle) model where the states and centre are working together.
18 states have come on board and am a little overboarded now it is a very transformational programme, we took about 30 years to lay down 10 lakh kilometre of optical fibre.
with 3-year plus, we are going to lay down 7 lakh kilometres, he said.
with respect to the funding requirements, as against an indicative cost of about rs 20,100 crore for the nofn project, an amount of rs 3,054.
43 crore has been released till october 31, 2015, by the universal service obligation fund to bharat broadband network ltd (bbnl), a special purpose vehicle created under the companies act of 1956 for execution of the nofn project.
(illustration by: c r sasikumar) (illustration by: c r sasikumar)a review done by the dot in mid-2015 showed that the biggest hurdle dogging the project is the right-of-way issue.
despite the centre having agreements with the state governments for getting the right-of-way available free of cost, officers involved in the implementation have reported back that whenever they go to lay the optical fibre, they run into construction and population issues even in the fields, the farmers have objections.
as a counter, andhra pradesh is learnt to have come up with a model under which it proposed to float its own corporation that will take up the work of laying the optical fibre cable network.
a state government official said that andhra pradesh has communicated to the centre that the funds earmarked to be spent for this project in ap should be handed over directly to it as support.
the state has also indicated that it is willing to put in the rest of the money on its own as it wants to further scale-up the project and utilise the infrastructure for multiple uses than what was originally envisaged by the centre.
andhra pradeshs proposal has now been accorded a go-ahead by the telecom commission, following which tamil nadu and gujarat have come up with a similar proposal for the implementation of the nofn project, officials involved in the exercise said.
the centre is now looking at this option as a way to tide over the right-of-way hurdles.
since the telecom commission has given its in-principle approval to the andhra pradesh proposal, two more states have come up for this kind of a project.
tamil nadu has shown interest.
another one is gujarat.
there may be more states which may come up and take up this project on their own.
if they take up this project on their own, many problems will be resolved, a senior dot official said.
apart from the right-of-way issue, the other big challenge flagged by the implementation agencies is the lack of availability of contractors who can execute the kind of specialised work required for a project of this scale.
to tide over some of these problems, states where private contractors can take up a project of this scale on their own have been instructed to set aside the model of the psu-driven projects and instead hand over the job on a turnkey basis to these project contractors, officials said.
other hurdles include the non-availability of plb ducts (used for laying optical fibre cables) at various sites in the states, delay in the finalisation of ofc trenching and laying tenders by implementing utilities.
incidentally, to review the nofn implementation strategy and approach, the government had constituted a committee on january 14, 2015, which held discussions with the implementing central public sector undertakings and bbnl to understand the challenges and problems faced by them in implementation.
the committee submitted its report on march 31, 2015, where it highlighted three broad issues  nofn technology and architecture; implementation strategy and broadband service delivery using nofn.
a dot official said the changes suggested by the committee have not been incorporated in the scheme as yet.
the project, initiated in 2011 and was to be funded by universal service obligation fund with the aim of providing broadband connectivity to over 2 lakh gps.
it aimed to leverage the existing fibre optical network of central utilities  bsnl, railtel and power grid  and laying incremental fibre wherever necessary to bridge the connectivity gap between panchayats and blocks.
bbnl was created as a public sector undertaking for its execution.
once implemented, the project is intended to enable the centre to provide e-services and e-applications nationally and a minimum of 100 mbps bandwidth is to be made available at each gp with non-discriminatory access to the network for all categories of service providers.
stepping up its attack, the aap on friday raised fresh questions over the retainership fee received by telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad and former minister manish tewari from reliance industries when they were lawyers and accused them of not revealing full facts.
a day after noted lawyer prashant bhushan raised the issue of conflict of interest against them, aap leader yogendra yadav asked why the minister has still not issued a notice to reliance jio in a 4g matter.
yadav queried whether prasad had revealed his pecuniary interest, in the register of members interests, a mandatory practice in rajya sabha.
the telecom minister has also revealed facts that are half-truths.
he says that he was not associated with reliance industries, but the company (fine tech corporation pvt ltd) has around 70 per cent stakes in two reliance holding companies.
also, the directors of the company are also on boards of many other reliance companies, he added.
there was no reaction from prasad or his office today.
yesterday, prasad said he had never given any advice or appeared for ril.
fine tech is a different corporate entity to whom legal services were rendered.
giving legal advice or retainership to companies is quite common with lawyers particularly with eminent lawyers.
as regards allegation about reliance 4g issue (is concerned), every decision will be taken purely objectively on merits and in light of final report of cag, the telecom minister had said.
yadav also alleged that tewari had lied and hid facts before the joint parliamentary committee that he was not representing any telecom company since 2005, but on the other hand, he was getting retainership fees from a reliance industries until 2012, which is involved in the telecom sector since 2010.
in his response yesterday, tewari admitted that he received retainership fees from reliance industries and had also written to then chairperson of the joint parliamentary committee p c chako that he represented telecom companies including reliance infocomm during the period covered by jpc investigation.
the response, which has been provided is comprehensive, holistic and covers all the necessary ingredients, important in the context of the public space.
if this gentleman of the aap refuses to see the obvious, then i am afraid i can only sympathise with him, tewari said.
mamata banerjee in malda on thursday.
pti mamata banerjee in malda on thursday.
ptichief minister mamata banerjee on thursday claimed that if the bjp-led nda government sent one more trinamool congress leader to jail, the people of bengal would put one lakh bjp workers behind bars.
she was apparently responding to bjp national general secretary kailash vijayvargiyas statement on may 2 that those who got money from narada, saradha and rose valley chit fund scams, would be imprisoned.
without using vijayvargiyas name, mamata said: for the last two days, a bjp leader who was shunted out of the civic body in indore over corruption charges has been saying prime minister narendra modi had instructed cbi to arrest trinamool leaders sudip bandyopadhyay and tapas paul.
he also said more tmc leaders will be arrested.
is he god or the cbi director to say such things?
has the pm whispered in his ears to go to west bengal and say this publicly?
as a citizen, i have every right to know.
my cabinet minister subhendu adhikari is from an affluent family.
he does not need a lakh from narada to be rich.
another minister, firhad hakim, too belongs to an affluent family and does not need money.
it is same with mukul roy.
but they are tmc leaders, this politics of vendetta will not last for long, she added.
on the other hand, there are lots of allegations against bjp leaders  ranging from corruption to child trafficking.
i have cases ready for them.
i will advise them not to fly so high i challenge you to send one more trinamool leader to jail then people of bengal will put one lakh bjp workers behind bars, she said.
the cm also came down heavily on bjp for accusing trinamool of abducting tribal couple raju and gita mahali and forcing them to join the ruling party.
yesterday, the party spent the entire day abusing us.
even their ministers were abusing our party.
a union minister said there is reckless violence in west bengal.
what words.
i told derek obrien what is this?
people in bengal are at peace and the happiest.
there is no injustice, no trouble.
bjp has no work and are bad-mouthing about us.
i want to tell the leaders of delhi if anyone maligns the state, then there will be no bigger enemy than me, she said.
on wednesday, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said, the tragedy is that for many years, west bengal had been a victim of fear and violence under the left parties.
now, it is a victim of fear and reckless violence under trinamool.
taking on a bjp leader who allegedly called her an eunuch, mamata said: in a television news channel, i saw a bjp leader was calling me an eunuch.
i am ashamed to say that he was saying is mamata banerjee a woman, or a man, or a eunuch?
this is the kind of language they are using.
i am ashamed that i was born here.
how dare they question my birth, my mother, my father, my religion?
such audacity and arrogance they have.
on sunday, bjp leader shyamapada mondal had in chandrakona said: today it is not clear whether she is a man or a woman.
if anyone has seen hijra in banaras recently, then i will tell him that banerjee has turned into a hijra here.
at an administrative meeting, mamata ordered a probe into students sitting on the floor during their part 1 exams at malda college on april 28.
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadlaw minister ravishankarprasad prasad favoured the existence of death penalty in the statutes, saying he was satisfied that it was invoked in the rarest of rare instance like the december 16 gangrape case, over which there was a public outcry.
he hailed the supreme court verdict confirming the death sentence for the four convicts, dubbing it as a victory of the rule of law.
its a big day for the countrys rule of law.
there was a public outcry and tension in the country regarding this case.
people were angry.
the injustice done to the brave girl was shameful and cruel.
the country was waiting (for the verdict), prasad said.
read | nirbhaya gangrape convicts to be hanged, confirms supreme courtspeaking on the sidelines of a programme organised by the bar council of india (bci), he said i am happy and satisfied that our country has the provision of death penalty for the rarest of rare cases.
i humbly pray that her soul rests in peace.
he said the investigation in the case and the apex courts punishment to the perpetrators of the crime was a victory of the law of the country.
read | a look at what all has happened over the yearsit proves that through the way of law, we can curb such offences and punish the offenders, he said.
when asked about the juvenile who was in conflict with the law in this case, he said it was a worrisome issue but has to be dealt with as democracy matured further.
on one hand, the juveniles rights have to be maintained and, on the other hand, they also commit crimes.
its a worrisome matter.
but this issue has to be dealt with as per the maturity of the democracy, prasad said.
b'the problem is that one booth is provided for every 1,000-1,500 people and within two kilometres of every voter.
the problem is that one booth is provided for every 1,000-1,500 people and within two kilometres of every voter.
indians going to vote in the upcoming elections will do so believing that their vote is secret and the button they press on the electronic voting machine (evm) is known only to them.
after all, while polling officials can hear the beep of the machine, indicating that a vote has been registered, they dont know which button has been pressed.
ina political system in which money and muscle are increasingly deployed during election campaigns, the solitude and secrecy of the evm is the last refuge for the voter who wishes to exercise their choice freely, even at the last minute.
but does their vote stay secret afterwards?
during the counting process, evms from polling booths across the constituency are brought together at counting centres and the votes for each party and candidate are counted machine by machine.
it is therefore possible to work out the breakdown of votes for each party at each and every polling booth  and this data is freely available on the election commission (ec) of indias website as booth level data.
for political parties and party workers, this information is gold dust for it allows them to know exactly how many supporters they have in each particular booth.
the problem is that one booth is provided for every 1,000-1,500 people and within two kilometres of every voter.
in 1998 in my research site in west bengal, three neighbouring villages shared a booth.
but their populations grew and voter lists passed 1,200; in 2006, the two adjacent villages of madanpur and chishti got their own booth.
on the basis of my long-term familiarity with the people of these two villages, through years of interaction and conversations, i had a sense about which individuals would vote for which party.
after an election, i could look through the booth level data, and if these were surprising, make informed guesses about who had switched or done something unexpected.
i could broach this discreetly in conversation with the villagers and ask them why they had done it.
thus, while the ballot was held secretly and fairly in the villages, the booth-level data greatly exposes the villagers and undermines the secrecy of their ballot.
party cadres and workers are precisely such close and knowledgeable observers.
they are specifically assigned booths, to get to know their voters thoroughly and deliver their votes for the party.
they call this constituency mapping and booth management.
parties spend enormous and growing amounts of money on supporting this work and process.
after every election i witnessed between 1998 and 2013, party workers would analyse the booth level data against the voters list after elections to see exactly how many people had not voted for them, discussing which individuals or groups had been dissident in this way and devising strategies for dealing with them in the future, whether through blandishments, social pressure or various forms of intimidation.
this compromise of secrecy is a relatively new problem in indian elections.
the secret ballot was introduced with the first elections in 1951 along with paper ballots.
in 1961, under rule 59a of the conduct of elections rules, it was decided that paper ballots from different booths would be mixed in large drums at counting centres before counting began.
it was therefore impossible to ascertain the provenance of any single vote.
but with the introduction of evms from 2008, this kind of physical mixing was no longer possible  and booth-level data was available for the first time.
the election commission of india has been aware of this problem; it has been developing the technology to restore the secrecy of the ballot.
this is now available as the totaliser, a new machine that mixes up votes from the hundreds of evms across a constituency at the time of counting, making it impossible to trace the voting patterns of individual polling booths.
the totaliser connects evms via their control units through a cable which enables votes from multiple polling booths to be registered and counted together and replicates the mixing of the ballot papers.
the totaliser received the backing of the law commission in 2015.
its report making recommendations for electoral reform proposed allowing the election commission to use the new technology, particularly in areas vulnerable to harassment, intimidation and post-election victimisation.
numerous commentators, civil servants and pressure groups have also called for its use; the bsp, congress, ncp, aap and cpi-m have also all supported the totaliser, at least in principle.
the supreme court ordered the government to make a decision by the end of september, 2016.
yet, despite this overwhelming institutional, legal and popular demand for the introduction of the totaliser, the government rejected it.
a group of ministers, headed by rajnath singh, and including arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari and ravishankarprasad prasad, said explicitly that it would hamper polling booth management.
it is argued that booth management helps parties to be responsive to the specific needs and concerns of local voters  but reality is quite different.
rather, local voters are intimidated by party workers with threats and violence before the elections, and then, reprisals after them if the booth-level vote has not delivered what the cadres expected.
in a country where the conduct of elections is a rare example of efficiency and where voters, despite the odds, still cling to the notion of voting as an important civic duty, this compromise of the freedom and fairness of elections is worrying and needs to be challenged.
the governments argument for preserving booth management conflates what is good for the party with what is good for democracy.
what is clear is that preventing the totaliser from being introduced is certainly not good for the secret ballot.
b'government and opposition were today on course to a prolonged confrontation over the cag report on coal allocation,with nda demanding resignation of prime minister manmohan singh who said satisfactory answers could be given to all issues if a debate was allowed.
government rejected demand for singhs resignation as preposterous and accused the opposition of trying to make an issue out of nothing but the bjp said it will not relent till its demand is met.
government sought to turn the tables on the opposition,saying the allocation was made on the basis of recommendations of state governments ruled by non-upa parties.
the cag report,which has estimated loss of rs 1.
86 lakh crore due to coal block allocation without allocation between 2005 and 2009,rocked parliament with a determined opposition stalling proceedings by demanding singhs resignation as he held the coal portfolio during that period.
the lok sabha could not transact any business because of the unruly scenes,which first resulted in adjournment till noon and then for the day.
the rajya sabha could function only to allow the unanimous election of congress leader p j kurien as deputy chairman of the house before it was adjourned for the day amid uproar.
singh later said the government is ready for any debate and give satisfactory answers to all issues raised.
we are ready for any debate, he told reporters,adding we can give satisfactory answers to all issues being raised.
parliamentary affairs minister pawan kumar bansal termed as preposterous and baseless the opposition demand.
let them come for a discussion it is not right on their part.
they know that there is nothing.
still they are trying to create a situation on an issue which is not there, he told reporters outside parliament house.
rejecting the demand for the prime ministers resignation,law minister salman khurshid said there was ample transparency in the allocation process and it was done in a bonafide manner.
i think,it is not a very reasonable and sensible thing to say, he said on opposition demands.
khurshid said the allocation was made on the basis of state governments recommendations.
the screening committee (for coal block allocation) had participation of state governments.
state governments recommendations formed the basis of allocation for coal blocks, he said.
hrd and telecom minister kapil sibal said,our pm can never do anything wrong.
and if anyone levels such allegations that the pm has done something wrong,then there is no correctness (or) facts to that allegation.
he said coal-bearing states of chattisgarh,west bengal,odisha,jharkhand and madhya pradesh,where the congress was not in power,had opposed allocation of coal mines to private firms through competitive bidding or auction.
chhattisgarh,west bengal,odisha,jharkhand and madhya pradesh,we are not the governments in these states.
all chief ministers were in agreement and said coal blocks should not be auctioned.
this should be investigated,what did they say (on auction of coal block?
(only) then allegations should be made, he said.
bjp leader m venkaiah naidu said,our demand is that the pm and the government should resign.
he said the cag reports are not the only issue as there are so many complaints and cases of corruption.
there are scams worth lakhs of crore of rupees but perpetrators are being protected.
that is why we have decided that we will confront the government till the time it resigns and we will not stop, naidu said.
bjp spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad said his party was firm on its demand for singhs resignation and termed as completely untenable and motivated the attempt to blame state governments.
b'chief minister t r zeliang is considering establishment of a separate high court in the state of nagaland said the chief ministers office.
(file) chief minister t r zeliang is considering establishment of a separate high court in the state of nagaland said the chief ministers office.
(file)the central government has sanctioned rs 340 crore two road projects for nagaland and also assured the state government to set up a separate high court for the state.
the centre has sanctioned rs 340 crore for dimapur-chumukedima and kohima check gate to lerie highway while the ministry of law and justice has assured chief minister t r zeliang to consider establishment of a separate high court in the state, a cmo release said on wednesday in kohima.
kohima has already been selected for the smart city project.
leading a team, the chief minister called on union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad yesterday and apprised him of the need to have a separate high court for nagaland.
the state presently has a a bench of the guwahati high court.
the union minister gave zeliang a patient hearing and assured the chief minister that he would take up the matter for consideration of a separate high court for the state on a priority basis.
b'bowing to the tremendous pressure kept up by a united opposition,prime minister manmohan singh today announced the governments decision to set up a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) to probe the 2g spectrum scam,saying the country could ill afford the disruption of the crucial budget session of parliament.
making the announcement in lok sabha as soon as it met for the first working day of the session,singh said a formal motion for the constitution of the joint parliamentary committee would be moved soon.
we could not succeed in spite of our sincere efforts to persuade the opposition not to insist on a jpc probe,singh said.
asserting that his government was committed to root out corruption,the prime minister said all effective steps were taken to convince the opposition in this regard.
we can ill afford a situation where parliament is not allowed to function during the crucial budget session.
it is in these special circumstances that our government agrees to the setting up of a jpc, he said.
singh requested speaker meira kumar to proceed with the process of formation of the jpc and said a formal motion would be moved soon.
welcoming the governments move,leader of the opposition sushma swaraj thanked the prime minister and leader of the house pranab mukherjee for the decision.
we should not see this as a victory or defeat.
this is a victory of democracy.
we should all work together putting aside any talk of victory or defeat, she said.
the opposition has been adamant on a jpc probe in the 2g scam,which according to the cag,has resulted in a presumptive loss to the tune of rs 1.
76 lakh crore.
a raja,who was forced to resign as telecom minister three months ago,is now in jail.
dubbing it as the biggest scam in independent india,the opposition had made it clear that it would not allow the budget session to function properly if the jpc was not announced today.
insisting that the government was committed to root out corruption,the prime minister listed the steps taken by the government on the 2g issue which included cbi investigation supervised by the supreme court and the independent inquiry conducted by former judge shivraj patil.
he also pointed out that the public accounts committee of parliament was also seized of the matter and the government was fully cooperating with it.
we are a functioning democracy and must strive to resolve our differences in a spirit of accommodation and collaboration,not confrontation, he said,hoping that it would renew our confidence in indias forward march.
the government has already made it clear that a formal motion for the creation of the jpc would be moved on thursday by telecom minister kapil sibal.
this would be the first jpc to be set up since the congress-led upa came to power in may 2004.
aiadmk leader m thambidurai demanded the representation for all political leaders on the jpc to ensure there was no feeling of neglect among members.
gurudas dasgupta (cpi) said he would not like to thank the prime minister for agreeing to the opposition demand for a jpc.
he said it was better late than never that good wisdom has dawned upon the government which led to the announcement of a jpc to probe the 2g spectrum scam.
this is not a question of thanking or complimenting the government or the prime minister.
the government and the prime minister had only done their duty by responding to the opposition demand and ensuring that parliamentary norms are adhered to, he said.
sp leader mulayam singh yadav said the delay in announcing the jpc had affected the credibility of the government.
the people of the country have come to know that the government had something to hide, he said.
nda convenor sharad yadav wanted that the jpc should also go into alleged irregularities in the conduct of the commonwealth games,the s-band issue relating to isro and the adarsh housing scam.
he said the judiciary and media were actively involved in probing the issue and the announcement by the prime minister would also allow parliament to be part of the exercise.
basudeb acharia (cpi-m),arjun charan sethi (bjd),k chandrasekhar rao (trs) and raghuvansh prasad (rjd) also welcomed the formation of a jpc.
in the rajya sabha,the prime minister made a similar statement on the jpc formation.
soon after he completed,leader of the opposition arun jaitely said he was disappointed over the contents of the statement.
the issue could be resolved in a more gracious manner, he said adding the content of the pms statement showed the government had done everything and the jpc was formed only because parliament was paralysed.
jaitely said the formation of the jpc could have been done in a graceful way rather than in a tasteless manner by projecting that the opposition had coerced the government to do so.
bjp members including s s ahluwalia,ravi shankar prasad and aiamdk member m maitreyan took objection to the content of the pms statement.
deputy chairman k rahman khan disallowed members saying it was agreed that no discussion would take place on the statement.
b'finance minister arun jaitley, a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
(file photo) finance minister arun jaitley, a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh.
(file photo)the bjps central election committee announced on wednesday that finance minister arun jaitley, a rajya sabha member from gujarat, will contest the upcoming march 23 elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh, while oil minister dharmendra pradhan will represent madhya pradesh.
currently, pradhan is a member from bihar.
of the 58 rajya sabha seats going to polls, uttar pradesh accounts for 10.
following its massive win in the last years assembly elections, the bjp will gain eight up seats, seven up from its previous tally.
samajwadi party, which currently has 18 members in the upper house, is set to lose five of its six seats up for polls  this means its tally will come down to 13.
the congress is set to lose its solitary seat from up.
bsp, which was down one seat following mayawatis resignation, is set to lose one more and will be left with four.
the bjp announced names of seven union ministers and one general secretary for the upcoming elections.
except jaitley and pradhan, the others will contest from the same states they have been elected from.
social justice minister thawarchand gehlot will contest from madhya pradesh, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad from bihar and j p nadda from himachal pradesh.
this will be naddas second term as mp and the move is being seen as a ploy to placate the minister after he lost out on the chief minister post to jai ram thakur.
the other two union ministers, parshottam rupala and manusukh mandaviya, will contest from gujarat.
bhupender yadav, the partys general secretary, will again contest from rajasthan.
the terms of all seven leaders ends on april 2 and all are set to be elected again.
j-k chief minister mehbooba mufti.
j-k chief minister mehbooba mufti.
valley protests: centre decides to draw hard line for j&k govtaccording to sources in centre, j&k chief minister mehbooba mufti, who will visit delhi over the weekend to meet functionaries of central government, possibly including pm narendra modi, might be told that there cannot be any softening of the ongoing campaign by security forces against possible anti-india forces in the valley.
as per the sources, the pdp leader will also be told that paramilitary and army forces cannot be asked to tolerate stone-throwers.
read moretamil nadu deal closer: ops back as cm and eps as aiadmk chieftamil nadu chief minister o tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam .
pti photothe two rival factions in aiadmk are said to have agreed upon a deal to reinstate rebel leader o panneerselvam and current cm e k palaniswami is said to take charge as the organisations general secretary in place of the jailed v k sasikala, setting the stage for a unified aiadmk in tamil nadu.
the merger deal has been sealed and formal talks will begin now between the senior leaders of both factions to finalise and announce the decision, a senior aiadmk leader told indian express.
read morepunjab for tougher desecration law: cant single out religion, centre returns bill on guru granth sahibat a protest in chandigarh against desecration of the guru granth sahib.
express file photo.
at a protest in chandigarh against desecration of the guru granth sahib.
express file photo.
centre on friday returned the bill passed last year by punjab assembly seeking to add a section in ipc to enhance punishment from three years to life sentence in charges related to sacrilege and desecration of guru granth sahib.
the centre said that all religions are treated to be equal and hence there is no provision of adding a section for one particular religion, according to a government official.
the centre has asked the punjab government to either withdraw the bill or include all religions in the proposed amendment if it wanted the bill to be looked at it afresh, said the government functionary.
read moreravi shankar prasad: we dont get muslim votes but have we given them sanctity or not?
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
speaking at mindmine summit organised by the hero group in new delhi, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the government has not victimised muslims.
we dont get muslim votes, i acknowledge very clearly.
but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
the union telecom minister asked.
prasads reply came after he was asked how the government would ensure to accommodate indias multi-cultural diversity.
we salute the diversity of india there has been a campaign against us for a long time.
but today we are here because of the blessings of the people of india, prasad said.
b'neeraj chopra threw his javelin to 86.
48m.
(source: express photo) neeraj chopra threw his javelin to 86.
48m.
(source: express photo)neeraj chopra created history on saturday after the youngster won a gold medal at the u-20 world championships in poland.
this is a new record in u-20 world championship as he threw the javelin to a distance of 86.
48m.
chopra who had qualified for the final of the u-20 world championships in first position, threw the javelin to a mark of 79.
66 in his first attempt.
chopras throw puts him eighth amongst all throwers this year.
it also puts him ahead of defending olympic gold medalist keshorn walcott of trinidad and tobago, whose best this year is 86.
35m.
the satisfaction of a world level gold might be tempered by the fact that chopra missed out on the chance of qualifying for the rio olympics.
chopra had been attempting to qualify for the rio games since the south asian games but had been held back by a back injury.
pundits and sport persons from all over have congratulated the youngster on his achievement.
congratulations neeraj chopra for the outstanding sporting accomplishment.
we are proud of you.
http://t.
co/ggxi4ojfcj  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 24 july 2016i am delighted to announce that min of sports would award rs.10lakhs to neeraj chopra for winning gold medal at u-20 world championship.
vijay goel (@vijaygoelbjp) 24 july 2016#neerajchopra great going!
!
it indeed feels proud to see your name & india against the world record.
well done  http://t.
co/shsbidgenx  rajyavardhan rathore (@ra_thore) 24 july 2016hearty congratulations to haryanas neeraj chopra for winning indias first u-20 gold medal & setting a new javelin throw world record!
manohar lal (@mlkhattar) 24 july 2016#neerajchopra sets u-20 world record with throw of 86.
48m & wins gold in javelin @ iaaf u-20 world cships.
congrats!
pic.
twitter.com/za7x0oqnhm  dept of sports myas (@dos_myas) 24 july 2016heartiest congratulations to #neerajchopra for the gold at iaaf world u-20 athletics meet.
great day for us.
indian youth talent epitomized.
shivrajsingh chouhan (@chouhanshivraj) 24 july 2016congratulations to neeraj chopra for setting a world record in javelin throw at the world athletics championships.
u have done india proud.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) 24 july 2016#neerajchopra becomes 1st indian world champion in athletics, pm @narendramodi congratulates him.
pic.
twitter.com/tsizaxhzf7  all india radio news (@airnewsalerts) 24 july 2016my congratulations to neeraj chopra on this historic feat.
more power to you.
http://t.
co/yobp4xf9lk  vasundhara raje (@vasundharabjp) 24 july 2016indian neeraj chopra created a new u-20 world record by throwing the javelin a distance of 86.
48m at the u-20 world championships in poland  mohandas menon (@mohanstatsman) 24 july 2016many congratulations #neerajchopra on winning gold in javelin at iaaf u-20 world championships.
its indeed a proud moment for ind.
b'union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
government will conduct special audit of telecom companies, including bharti airtel, vodafone, reliance communications and idea cellular for three years to 2010-11, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on friday.
government has decided to conduct special audit for three subsequent financial years 2008-09, 2009-10 and 2010-11.
the process is under way, prasad said in a written reply to the rajya sabha.
prasad said that the government conducted special audit of five major telecom companies in 2009 for financial year 2006-07 and 2007-08.
on the basis of this special audit demands for rs 1,846.
51 crore was issued.
all the demands were challenged in the courts by telecom companiesthese demands are subjudice till date, prasad said.
the comptoller and auditor general (cag) has said that government has suffered a loss rs 12,488.
93 crore as six private telecom operators understated gross revenue by rs 46,045.
75 crore from 2006-07 to 2009-10.
the financial impact due to understatement of gross revenue stood at rs 1,507.
25 crore for reliance communications, rs 1,357.
68 crore for tata teleservices, airtel (rs 1,066.
95 crore), vodafone (rs 749.
85 crore), idea (rs 423.
26 crore) and aircel (rs 107.
61 crore), the cag said.
b'karti chidambaram at the cbi office in new delhi on tuesday.
express photo by prem nath pandey.
karti chidambaram at the cbi office in new delhi on tuesday.
express photo by prem nath pandey.
karti chidambaram, son of former finance minister p chidambaram, was arrested on wednesday in connection with the probe into the inx media case and remanded to one-day cbi custody by a delhi court.
karti was produced before metropolitan magistrate sumeet anand and the cbi sought his custodial interrogation for 15 days claiming non-cooperation by him in the probe.
the magistrate remanded him to one-day cbi custody and asked the investigative agency to produce karti before the concerned judge tomorrow.
when karti was brought to the patiala house district court premises and was taken to the court room, he told the waiting scribes, it is absolutely a political vendetta.
i will be vindicated.
the cbi, in its remand application filed in court, claimed that sustained interrogation of karti was needed to unearth the total conspiracy hatched in the case and also to find out the details of overseas payments allegedly received by him from inx media as a quid pro quo.
also read: inx media: p chidambarams fear of harassment of his family turns truein its statement to the court, cbi said, thus, karti chidambaram needs to be subjected to sustained interrogation for unearthing the total conspiracy hatched in the case and also to find out the details of overseas payments received by him from inx media as a quid pro quo for influence exercised by him over the public servants to scuttle the punitive action required to be taken against m/s inx media (p) ltd for the illegal acts of receiving excess investment than the approved fdi and also for making of downstream investment without the fipb approval.
for this purpose, his police custody remand for a period of 15 days is considered essential.
right at the beginning, the court allowed the request of karti chidambarams lawyers to have an interaction with the accused inside the court room for 10 minutes, following which the proceedings resumed.
also read: karti chidambaram arrest is vendetta, diversionary tactic: congressat the time of hearing, cbis prosecutor v k sharma told the court that karti has not cooperated in the investigation and he has been repeatedly travelling abroad which confirmed apprehensions that he will flee from the country.
sharma alleged that one of the grounds for arresting karti was that the cbi had recorded statement of indrani mukerjea, former director of inx media (p) ltd, before a magistrate on february 17 in which she had said that karti had accepted one million dollars from inx media at the hyatt hotel here.
this was opposed vehemently by senior advocate a m singhvi who appeared for karti, saying it was a bizzare case and no grounds for arrest were made out.
it is a bizzare case at the threshhold.
it is not a case of arrest, leave aside police custody or judicial custody, singhvi told the court while opposing the cbis remand plea.
also read: inx media case: chronology of eventsearlier in the day, karti was taken into custody by a team of cbi officials at the chennai airport on his return from the united kingdom.
the cbi had lodged an fir on may 15 last year alleging irregularities in the foreign investment promotion board (fipb) clearance to inx media for receiving overseas funds to the tune of rs 305 crore in 2007 when p chidambaram was the union finance minister.
the investigative agency alleged that karti had received funds to the tune of rs 10 lakh in the case.
it had claimed that karti had also received money from inx media to scuttle a tax probe.
the firm was owned at the time by peter and indrani mukerjea, who are currently in jail on charges of allegedly murdering indranis daughter sheena bora.
meanwhile, responding to kartis allegations of political vendetta, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said theres no interference from the government and the law must take its course.
prasad said that the nature of evidence available against the offender must speak for itself and not the alibi of vendetta.
speaking to reporters, prasad said, the law is taking its course.
the law must take its course.
the cbi will explain all the details.
we do not wish to interfere.
there is no interference of the government, he was quoted by pti as saying.
also read: karti chidambaram arrest: no interference from govt; law must take its course, says ravishankarprasad prasadthe congress today dubbed the arrest of karti chidambaram a diversionary tactic by the government to hide its scams and said vendetta would not deter the party from speaking the truth.
the maharashtra congress slammed the modi government after the arrest, alleging the action was aimed at intimidating and browbeating the opposition.
former maharashtra chief minister prithviraj chavan told pti: the arrest of the son of the senior congress leader, who has been very vocal against the narendra modi government, is a ploy to intimidate and browbeat the opposition and also an attempt to divert the public attention from the huge banking scam.
mumbai congress chief sanjay nirupam also termed karti chidambarams arrest a case of political vendetta by the bjp.
in a statement to the media, nirupam said, kartis arrest is a case of political vendetta by the bjp.
the truth will come out and these dirty tactics will be exposed.
congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said p chidamabaram and his family has no connection with advantage strategic consulting (p) limited.
out of the blue arrest is made today, 11 years after the so-called incident and after due appearance before cbi and submission of all documents.
fir till today does not mention or name karti chidambaram as an accused.
p chidambaram has maintained that neither he nor any of his family member or relations have ever had or have its stake, shareholding or directorship of advantage strategic consulting pvt ltd or inx media pvt ltd at any point of time, he said.
(source: wikipedia) (source: wikipedia)this byline broke hard news and harder reader loyalties.
the latter wasnt easy.
way back in the 1970s, the typical kerala home was deeply committed to its first paper, which even for the english-knowing was a malayalam daily.
our circles that swore by mathrubhumi made a ready switch to the malayala manorama where a certain t v r shenoy was reporting the bangladesh war.
india was winning the 1971 war but the writing had none of the triumphalist tone of the ruling classes.
nor did it talk too much about the inevitable misery of war.
among the earliest reporters to reach dacca, this little known young man was writing for the language press with the lan of a big time professional.
it was as good as the best we saw in the english dailies.
under a matter of fact title, two weeks before victory, the series was an absorbing read with rich detailing and matching feel.
the prose was as agile as a sports reporters.
when one got to know a bit more about tvr, as his early indian express colleagues in mumbai  called him (he began with the sunday standard), the sports connect seemed natural.
he played badminton for the bombay university, was at centre court for the wimbledon final whenever he could, loved his bridge and chess.
a bigger surprise was that the writing pretty much profiled the man.
he worked and lived the way he wrote.
he was as off-beat as he was methodical and carried his wide reading and learning lightly.
while relaunching the sunday mail as a four-metro weekender, the first thing he did as editor was to move the delhi office out of a damp basement near savitri cinema.
we moved to niti bagh, a residential colony, into a big lived-in bungalow, an unlikely office space for the likes of veteran m l khotru, more welcoming to a cub reporter who wore a python to work.
though the young womans fearlessness wasnt widely shared, no one complained because the editors air of homely informality was infectious.
the barsati was photographer praveen jains dark room and the cartoonists cabin was a barely redone kitchen.
the place had its uses though.
the paper had an immediate neighbourhood of supreme court lawyers.
we were abundantly sourcing legal punditry.
this was central to shenoy saab (that was how the byline was known by then).
he belonged to a peer group that saw the nehruvian nations constitution being serially mauled by arbitrary ordinances and periodic amendments that culminated in the emergency.
he would quote at length from jurist h m seervai and hold forth on the kesavananda bharati case.
the legalese would be lightened soon enough by recalling a cartoon that put the constitution of india in the periodicals rack.
i am grateful to the emergency, he said.
i got my music back.
i had little work to do as manoramas bureau chief, thanks to the censors.
i spent some of the spare time recording carnatic music concerts.
he kept adding to his collection of music and books.
you never saw him very far from piles of newspapers, periodicals and heaps of books.
similar clutter surrounded him in office, home, hotel rooms and finally the hospital.
he was forever ready to switch from work to leisure and back.
by the 1990s, he seemed to have internalised the nervous energy of the countrys coalition era.
of the delhi between the big parties.
this unsettled air never quite left him even when his favourite vajpayee led a stable government.
only a stone settles, was his preferred one-liner.
he wrote columns, lectured, mentored, bantered and travelled even more than before.
the mind that was honed to stay abreast of news perhaps saw ahead.
in 1990, he was already talking about graphic editing as a career advancement for the news cartoonist.
even earlier, in 1985, he had commissioned for malayala manorama daily cartoonist writer ravishankarprasad to sketch and report the karnataka elections that ramakrishna hegde eventually won handsomely.
today we have a word for this genre  graphic reportage.
not much cartooning can happen without a supportive editor.
shenoy saab was generous.
this is really shocking.
he came to meet me a few days back.
this is upsetting, said mehbooba mufti.
this is really shocking.
he came to meet me a few days back.
this is upsetting, said mehbooba mufti.
shocked over the gunning down of journalist and rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari by militants, jammu and kashmir chief minister mehbooba mufti on thursday broke down while denouncing the mindless killing.
tv visuals showed her crying as she recalled her meeting with the renowned journalist a few days ago.
what can i say.
only a few days ago he had come to meet me, an emotional mufti said, struggling to hold back her tears.
bukhari was leaving his office in press enclave in the city centre lal chowk for an iftar party when he and his pso were shot dead by unidentified gunmen, police officials said today.
shocked & deeply saddened by the sudden demise of shujaat bukhari.
the scourge of terror has reared its ugly head on the eve of eid, mufti tweeted.
i strongly condemn this act of mindless violence & pray for his soul to rest in peace.
my deepest condolences to his family.
terrorism has hit a new low with shujaats killing.
that too, on the eve of eid.
we must unite against forces seeking to undermine our attempts to restore peace.
justice will be done, she said.
follow | shujaat bukhari killed live updates: rising kashmir editors pso also shot deadformer jammu and kashmir chief minister omar abdullah also expressed shock at the killing of the renowned journalist who was instrumental in organising several conferences for peace in the kashmir valley and was also part of the track ii process with pakistan.
im in complete shock.
hearing the worstinna lilahi wa inna illahi rajiuun.
shocked beyond words.
may shujaat find place in jannat & may his loved ones find strength at this difficult time, omar wrote on twitter.
even in the last tweet he put out he was defending himself, his colleagues & his profession.
he died in the line of duty doing what he did best & loved doing  journalism, he said.
along with shujaat, his security chap was also killed and another lies injured in hospital.
prayers and condolences for them and their families on this terrible night, he said.
read | who was shujaat bukhari?
cpi(m) leader m y tarigami said it was a brutal attempt by hawks to silence the messenger of peace.
he said it was tan attack on freedom of press and needs to be condemned in the strongest possible words.
bukhari, who was in his 50s, was given police protection since an attack on him in 2000.
west bengal chief minister mamata banerjee also expressed shock over the brutal killing.
saddened and shocked at the brutal killing ofrespected editor and senior journalist @bukharishujaat.
with a few hours to go for eid this is terrible, banerjee posted on her official twitter handle.
no words are enough for this big tragedy, she tweeted.
describing the incident as a cowardly act, union home minister rajnath singh tweeted, killing of rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari is an act of cowardice.
it is an attempt to silence the saner voices of kashmir.
he was a courageous and fearless journalist.
extremely shocked & pained.
my thoughts and prayers are with his bereaved family.
congress president rahul gandhi condoled bukharis family saying he was a fearless fighter for justice and peace in the state, im anguished to hear about the killing of shujaat bukhari, editor of rising kashmir.
he was a brave heart who fought fearlessly for justice and peace in jammu & kashmir.
my condolences to his family.
he will be missed, gandhi said in a tweet.
the editors guild of india condemned the killing in a tweet: the editors guild of india unequivocally condemns the assassination of rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari.
this is a grave attack on press freedom and democratic voices.
we will be issuing a more detailed statement soon.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said sane voices cannot be suppressed by the terrorists, he tweeted, deeply saddened to learn about the dastardly killing of rising kashmir editor shujaat bukhari.
such an attempt to suppress the sane voices by terrorists will never succeed.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (source: ani) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (source: ani)facing the heat over the alleged pnb fraud case, the bharatiya janata party on monday hit back at the upa government, saying the banking system was dented under the so-called economist prime minister manmohan singh.
congress party is anti-reform and it has been indulging in the politics of fear and confusion in the last four years, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said while addressing the media.
accusing the previous upa dispensation of not allowing the correct data to be entered into bank records, prasad said, time and again we have stated that not a single loan given under our govt is non-performing asset.
in 2008, the total advance to people given by the banks was rs 18.
06 lakh crores.
by march 14, the amount went up to rs 52.
15 lakh crore.
the stressed asset identified out of this was only 36 per cent.
now the stressed asset has risen to 82 per cent out of that advances made in the upa govt.
this means for more than one occasions the correct data could not make it to the records.
under the so-called economist then prime minister manmohan singh, the entire banking system went haywire due to all kinds of interference with it.
the remarks come at a time when cbi is investigating jewellers nirav modi and mehul choksi in the alleged fraud of over rs 12,700 crore.
in january, pnb found the first evidence of fraud in which few of its employees issued fake letters of understanding (lous) to companies associated with nirav modi.
prasad also accused the then finance minister p chidambaram of helping gitanjali jewellers in 2014.
there was a scheme 80:20 introduced in august 2013 and repealed in november 2014.
on may 16th, 2014, the date of the declaration of results, the then finance minister gave aashirvaad to seven private companies under 80:20 scheme.
one of those companies was gitanjali.
mr chidambaram please reply, is it jumla or blatant favouritism, mala fide conduct and rampant corruption?
the congress party should answer who were these people lobbying for gitanjali and what was the cut.
the bjp leader also targeted the congress party over the rafale deal controversy.
it is very surprising that the congress party which is drowned in corruption in bofors among other purchases of the weapons system is raising questions on rafale deal.
it couldnt execute rafale deal for ten years and are now creating a chaos when pm modi has got the best deal in terms of price, effectiveness and weapon system.
taking a jibe against congress chief rahul gandhi for not doing proper research before posing questions on twitter, the bjp leader said, now once he is back from italy, i expect him to answer our questions.
referring to the recently-concluded northeast assembly elections, prasad said, while bjp is moving from shunya to shikhar, congress is moving from shikhar to shunya.
calling nagaland election results as a tectonic shift, he said, in a state with 80 per cent christian population, 12 of our 20 candidates won the seats.
this shows that people are coming forward under pm modis vision of sabka saath, sabka vikaas.
stunned by party patriarch l k advani s decision to quit key posts,bharatiya janata partys top decision-making body the parliamentary board tonight rejected his resignation,insisting that the party needs his guidance more than ever before.
the board held an urgent meeting at the residence of party chief rajnath singh hours after advani resigned from parliamentary board,national executive and election committee to protest gujarat chief minister narendra modi being made campaign committee chief.
the board passed a resolution unanimously rejecting advanis resignation.
soon after,senior leaders sushma swaraj,arun jaitley,ananth kumar and ravishankarprasad prasad went to meet advani to inform him about the parliamentary boards decision.
bjp parliamentary board has decided to reject the resignation of l k advani, singh said after the two-hour meeting.
shri l k advani,in a letter,sent to me resigned from the parliamentary board,national executive and election committee.
ever since the inception of the bjp and the jana sangh,he has been there as a leader and guide.
that role belongs to him and today the party and nation needs him to be there more than ever before, the resolution said.
the resolution was read out by rajnath singh in presence of swaraj,jaitley,kumar and prasad.
singh said only six of 12 members of the parliamentary board were present at the meeting.
four members,including modi,could not come at such a short notice,he said.
others absent at the meeting were murli manohar joshi,thavarchand gehlot and nitin gadkari.
they have also supported the decision taken by the parliamentary board to reject the resignation.
they have also talked to advaniji to request him to take back his resignation, he said.
as a party president,i have decided that under no condition,i will accept his resignation, singh said.
b'bharat bandh live updates: the protest turned violent in various states as the bandh progressed in the day.
(express photo by javed raja) bharat bandh live updates: the protest turned violent in various states as the bandh progressed in the day.
(express photo by javed raja)the nationwide bandh called by dalit organisations on monday turned violent as people resorted to stone pelting, damaging properties across various states.
seven persons were killed in violent clashes across the country.
while four persons died in madhya pradesh, one died in rajasthans alwar and two died in uttar pradesh.
violent protests were reported in parts of uttar pradesh, gujarat and punjab, while section 144 has been imposed in multiple parts of north india.
the protestors in the morning blocked several trains in bihar and jharkhand, affecting railway services.
meanwhile, the government has moved a review petition in the supreme court today.
speaking to reporters, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the centre has no intention of removing the provision of reservation for minorities.
congress chief rahul gandhi slammed the modi government saying its attitude towards the minority community is derogatory.
b'prime minister narendra modi will observe a day-long fast on thursady in new delhi (file) prime minister narendra modi will observe a day-long fast on thursady in new delhi (file)after congress nationwide fast earlier this week, prime minister narendra modi will observe a day-long fast in new delhi on thursday.
top bjp leaders, meanwhile, will fan out to different parts of the country to lead the protest against the washout of parliament proceedings.
while bjp chief amit shah will fast in poll-bound karnataka, union health minister j p nadda will lead the charge in pm modis constituency varanasi.
here is all you need to know about pm modis fast tomorrowwhy is pm modi fasting?
accusing the congress of taking parliamentary proceedings to a new low with its conduct, pm modi announced the fast to protest the impasse caused by the opposition party in parliament, which saw a washout of the second half of the budget session.
addressing bjp mps on the partys foundation day, pm modi directed all party units across the nation to observe the fast.
addressing party mps through an audio conference call ahead of the protest, modi said the bjp leaders and its workers will observe the fast tomorrow to expose those handfuls of people who throttled democracy by stalling parliament proceedings.
the people who couldnt gain power in 2014, dont want the country to move forward.
they didnt let parliament work for a single day.
they killed democracy & we will observe fast to bring their crime in front of world.
i will also hold fast.
but i will continue my work.
said modi.
who all are participating in the fast?
the prime minister has directed all the party lawmakers to observe fast in their respective constituencies.
while pm modi will lead the party from new delhi, amit shah will hold a sit-in at hubli in poll-bound karnataka.
home minister rajnath singh, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and commerce minister suresh prabhu will accompany pm modi in the national capital.
union health minister j p nadda will be in modis constituency varanasi, while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will travel to patna for the fast.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman will observe the fast in chennai, human resource development minister prakash javdekar in bengaluru, minister of state for parliamentary affairs vijay goel in tamil nadu and minister of state for external affairs mj akbar in vidisha, madhya pradesh.
tourism minister kj alphons will observe the fast in kerala.
however, the prime minister will not disturb his routine of meeting people and officials and clearing files during the fast reported pti.
pm narendra modi and bjp president amit shah will observe a day-long fast with bjp mps on april 12 pm narendra modi and bjp president amit shah will observe a day-long fast with bjp mps on april 12photo-op says congress; naidu, owaisi question pm moditaking a swipe against pm modis proposed fast, congress chief rahul gandhi cited the unnao rape incident and said he hoped that the prime minister would observe a fast over atrocities against women, failed law and order and increasing anarchy under the bjps watch.
calling it a drama and photo-op, congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala blamed the bjp for parliament washout.
prime minister ji, it is not the time to observe fast, in view of your failures it is time to take retirement instead.
if you do not wake up now, you should understand that the time of your retirement will come in 2019 when people will vote you out, he added.
andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu, who recently snapped ties with nda over special status to the state, questioned pm modi fasting against parliament impasse, alleging it was the centre which ensured the disruption by provoking aiadmk over the cauvery issue.
they provoked the aiadmk and ensured that the mps of the ruling party in tamil nadu stormed the well of the lok sabha and thereby did not allow tdp to raise its demand (for grant of special category status to andhra pradesh).
how atrocious?
and now he (prime minister) says he will observe protestseeking to portray the opposition as wrong and he is right.
is it correct?
is it justified, he questioned.
mim party chief asaduddin owaisi took a jibe against pm modi and wondered if he would undertake a fast on the farmers suicides issue and also to atone for false promises made by him.
if the prime minister wants to fast for losing the whole session of parliament, i want to ask the honourable prime minister where is his sense of duty lost, wherein, in the past four years thousands of farmers committed suicides.
will the prime minister fast for those farmers?
will he sit on fast against the atrocities against dalits in uttar pradesh?
why does not the prime minister sit on fast to atone for his false promises?
, the hyderabad lok sabha mp questioned.
rahul gandhi observed fast on april 9 to protest atrocities against dalits and acts of communal violence across the country.
(express photo) rahul gandhi observed fast on april 9 to protest atrocities against dalits and acts of communal violence across the country.
(express photo)what happened during congress fast?
the congress observed a nationwide fast on april 9 to protest atrocities against dalits and acts of communal violence across the country.
however, the image of its leaders eating chole bhature before the fast went viral resulting in deep embarrassment for the party.
wow our congress leaders, they invited people to join the hunger strike, but they themselves are relishing chhole bhature at a restaurant  clearly befooling (people), bjp leader harish khurana tweeted with the image of delhi congress chief ajay maken having food along with amrinder singh lovely at a food joint.
calling it a farce of a fast, the bjp mocked the opposition party, saying its leaders claim of bringing a change but cannot abstain from one meal and their president rahul gandhi cannot wake up in morning even for a day as they are used to politics of luxury.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra also took a dig at rahul gandhi for turning up at rajghat at 1 pm while the fast had started at 10.
30 am, saying it shows that the congress chief cannot wake up in the morning as he and his colleagues were used to politics of luxury.
he contrasted it with the politics of performance of prime minister narendra modi who, he noted, comes from a common family belonging to backward caste and has worked to bring dalits in mainstream socially and economically.
when asked about the picture that surfaced on social media, lovely explained: the fast was scheduled to begin at 10:30 am and we were busy with preparation till late night yesterday.
we went for breakfast at around 8 am.
so, there is nothing wrong in it.
during the fast, rahul gandhi accused prime minister narendra modi of being casteist and anti-dalit.
he added that his party will always stand against the bjps oppressive ideology.
the congress president sat for several hours at rajghat and was joined by senior leaders, including kamal nath, mallikarjun kharge, sheila dikshit, ashok gehlot, delhi congress chief ajay maken and the partys communications in-charge randeep surjewala.
b'pm narendra modi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi) pm narendra modi with cabinet ministers after the reshuffle.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi)prime minister narendra modi inducted new ministers into his council of ministers in the first week of july.
this was followed by a reshuffle of the ministers handling some key portfolios in the union ministry.
among the significant names moved around where smriti irani from hrd to textiles and sadanand gowda from law to statistics.
prakash javadekar gets the human resource development ministry.
finance minister arun jaitley was relieved of the information and broadcasting ministry.
former journalist mj akbar was inducted into the council of ministers and he got the status of minister of state in the foreign ministry.
five ministers tendered their resignations to prime minister narendra modi.
they are nihalchand, ram shankar katheria, sanwar lal jat, manuskhbhai d vasva and m k kundariya.
the reshuffle was undertaken keeping in mind the uttar pradesh assembly elections.
three new faces were inducted in the council of ministers from the state.
the ceremony took place at the darbar hall of the rashtrapati bhavan, where senior leaders of the bjp were present.
external affairs minister sushma swarajhad earlier tweeted that she would not be able to make it due to an engagement with the foreign minister of hungary.
here is the portfolio of the union council of ministersprime minister narendra modi: personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of spacewatch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilescabinet ministers rajnath singh: home affairs sushma swaraj: external affairs arun jaitley: finance corporate affairs m venkaiah naidu: urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation |information & broadcasting nitin jairam gadkari: road transport and highways shipping manohar parrikar: defence suresh prabhu: railways d. v. sadananda gowda: statistics & programme implementation uma bharati: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation najma a. heptulla: minority affairs shri ramvilas paswan: consumer affairs, food & public distribution kalraj mishra: micro, small & medium enterprises maneka sanjay gandhi: women & child development ananth kumar: chemicals & fertilizers | parliamentary affairs ravishankarprasad prasad: law & justice | electronics & information technology jagat prakash nadda: health & family welfare ashok gajapathi raju pusapati: civil aviationanant geete: heavy industries & public enterprises harsimrat kaur badal: food processing industries narendra singh tomar: rural development | panchayati raj | drinking water & sanitation chaudhary birender singh: steel jual oram: tribal affairs radha mohan singh: agriculture & farmers welfare thaawar chand gehlot: social justice and empowerment smriti zubin irani: textiles dr. harsh vardhan: science & technology | earth sciences prakash javadekar: human resource developmentministers of state rao inderjit singh: planning (independent charge) | urban development housing & urban poverty alleviation bandaru dattatreya: labour & employment (independent charge) rajiv pratap rudy: skill development & entrepreneurship (independent charge) vijay goel: youth affairs and sports (independent charge) | water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation shripad yesso naik: aayush (independent charge) dharmendra pradhan: petroleum and natural gas (independent charge) piyush goyal: power (independent charge) coal (independent charge) new and renewable energy (independent charge) mines (independent charge) jitendra singh: development of north eastern region (independent charge) prime ministers office personnel, public grievances & pensions department of atomic energy department of space nirmala sitharaman: commerce and industry (independent charge) mahesh sharma: culture (independent charge) tourism (independent charge) manoj sinha: communications (independent charge) railways anil madhav dave: environment, forest and climate change (independent charge) general v. k. singh: external affairs santosh kumar gangwar: finance faggan singh kulaste: health & family welfare mukhtar abbas naqvi: minority affairs | parliamentary affairs ss ahluwalia: agriculture & farmers welfare | parliamentary affairs ramdas athawale: social justice & empowerment ram kripal yadav: rural development haribhai parthibhai chaudhary: micro, small & medium enterprises giriraj singh: micro, small & medium enterprises hansraj gangaram ahir: home affairs g m siddeshwara: heavy industries & public enterprises ramesh chandappa jigajinagi: drinking water & sanitation rajen gohain: railways parshottam rupala: agriculture & farmers welfare | panchayati raj mj akbar: external affairs upendra kushwaha: human resources development radhakrishnan p: road transport & highways | shipping kiren rijiju: home affairs krishan pal: social justice & empowerment jasvantsinh sumanbhai bhabhor: tribal affairs sanjeev kumar balyan: water resources, river development & ganga rejuvenation vishnu deo sai: steel sudarshan bhagat: agriculture and farmers welfare y s chowdary: science & technology | earth science jayant sinha: civil aviation col.
b'ravi shankar prasad in ahmedabad.
(express photo: javed raja) ravishankarprasad prasad in ahmedabad.
(express photo: javed raja)a bill that proposes to set up an arbitration council of india  that would grade and give accreditation to institutions involved in alternative dispute resolution  is likely to be introduced in parliament during budget session, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday.
prasad said that the arbitration and conciliation (amendment) bill, 2018, which was approved by the cabinet and is likely to be tabled this session, aims to make india a global hub of arbitration.
the country already has the best lawyers and judges in the world.
the world is moving towards institutional arbitration.
but there has to be a mechanism.
and taking this in view, an arbitration council of india will be set up.
this body will institutionalise arbitration.
it will grade institution and give accreditation.
it will also frame policies and give training, he told reporters.
according to the amended bill, the council chairperson will be a person who has been a judge of the supreme court or chief justice or judge of any high court or any eminent jurist in the filed of arbitration.
the minister said that the council will also take over the autonomous organisation  the international centre for alternative dispute resolution (icadr).
the icadr was established in 1995 with the objective of providing alternative dispute resolution mechanism and providing facilities for the same.
after the aci takes over icadr, we will make the system more professional, prasad said.
there have been demands to rename the high courts as mumbai high court and chennai high court after the metros were rechristened in 1990s.
there have been demands to rename the high courts as mumbai high court and chennai high court after the metros were rechristened in 1990s.
the high courts of bombay and madras are set to undergo a change in their names.
amid demands, the union cabinet on tuesday approved a law ministry proposal to change the names of the two high courts through an act of parliament to correspond to the present names of the cities mumbai and chennai respectively.
there have been demands to rename the high courts as mumbai high court and chennai high court after the metros were rechristened in 1990s.
the proposal of the department of justice in the law ministry is to bring a bill  the high courts (alteration of names) bill, 2016 to rename the two high courts established in 1860s under indian high court act, 1861.
but at present, there is no central law under which the proposal for change of names of these high courts can be addressed.
watch: analysing modi cabinet reshuffle: smriti irani loses hrd; javadekar, piyush goyal gainbriefing reporters on the decisions of the union cabinet, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the name of the calcutta high court too will be changed to kolkata high court.
but an official released issued later mentioned only the madras and the bombay high courts.
there have also been demands to rename the calcutta high court as the kolkata high court.
the calcutta high court has the distinction of being the first high court and one of the three chartered high courts to be set up in india, along with the high courts of bombay, madras.
it was formally opened on july 1, 1862.
watch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilesearlier, the government had planned to vest the president with powers to rename a high court in consultation with the governor, the chief minister and the chief justice of that state.
but the idea has been shelved.
the government now plans to consider such demands of change in name on a case-by-case basis, sources said.
read also: twitterati react to cabinet changing names of high courts: mumbai is a name, bombay a feelingindian high court act of 1861 vested in the queen of england to issue letters patent to establish high courts of calcutta, madras and bombay.
the bombay high court was inaugurated on august 14, 1862.
the high court today has three benches at nagpur, aurangabad and goa.
bombay hc is one of a few institutions in maharashtra that continue to carry the old name of the city.
the state government renamed bombay as mumbai in 1995 and all institutions under it altered names accordingly.
the madras high court, which came into being around the same time, has one bench in madurai.
besides demands from maharashtra and tamil nadu governments, various organisations too have been pressing for renaming the two high courts.
two days after meghalaya governor tathagata roy endorsed a call to boycott kashmir and kashmiris economically following the pulwama terror attack, the centre thursday distanced itself from his remarks with union minister ravishankarprasad prasad saying that he didnt agree with them.
advertisingin the first official reaction from the government to roys remarks, prasad said: i dont agree with his tweets.
on tuesday, roy posted on twitter: an appeal from a retired colonel of the indian army: dont visit kashmir, dont go to amarnath for the next 2 years.
dont buy articles from kashmir emporia or kashmiri tradesman who come every winter.
boycott everything kashmiri.
i am inclined to agree.
watch video: what is jaish-e-mohammed, the terror group behind the attack on crpfthe remarks came at a time when kashmiris, particularly students, have been targeted by hindutva groups protesting against the pulwama attack.
an appeal from a retired colonel of the indian army: dont visit kashmir,dont go to amarnath for the next 2 years.
dont buy articles from kashmir emporia or kashmiri tradesman who come every winter.
boycott everything kashmiri.
i am inclined to agree  tathagata roy (@tathagata2) february 19, 2019also read | controversially unapologetic: tathagata roys most provoking statementsasked about the attacks on kashmiris and why the prime minister has not reacted to them, prasad said: what is important is action.
wherever it has happened, action has been taken.
we have said several times that kashmir is an integral part of india.
(the) problem is that some people only want answers from the prime minister without doing their responsibility.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)it minister ravishankarprasad prasad today dismissed reports of large-scale job losses at indian it firms, calling them motivated.
there has been a lot of debate, and by any standards of economy, this talk of job decline in the it sector is motivated, prasad said after a meeting with the captains of the indian tech sector.
he noted that the it sector has been indias largest employer, employing 40 lakh people directly.
you know by any standard scrutiny, the way indian digital economy is rising, the question of slackness in jobs is absolutely factually incorrect.
obviously, those who dont perform, will have to go.
this annual tripping in case of any institution is natural, prasad said.
he cited examples of tata consultancy services and infosys who have clarified that companies continue to hire, and people who were asked to leave were told to do so for lack of performance.
tech mahindra chief cp gurnani said employees need to re-skill themselves in areas like artificial intelligence (ai) and blockchain as these technologies offer newer avenues of growth.
we need to re-skill and re-purpose ourselves.
we have a list of different skills, where we need people if you re-skill yourself in blockchain or ai, there is no shortage of jobs globally, he said.
infosys co-founder kris gopalakrishnan said that there is no job loss in the country.
instead, the growth has slowed down which is adversely impacting new hiring.
growth has slowed down but data shows every large company is hiring net.
tcs and infosys are hiring over 20,000 more people each.
i dont believe there is job cut.
yes, growth has come down.
recruitments from colleges have also slowed becuase the industry has slowed down.
otherwise, there are no job losses that i can see, gopalakrishnan said.
he added that global economy has slowed down and there are uncertainities in the horizon.
visa regime in several countries have tightened becuase they have issues of job losses.
the base itself is every large.
on that base, growth of 6 per cent is itself very large, gopalakrishnan said.
there have been reports of layoffs across companies like wipro, infosys, cognizant and tech mahindra that have initiated annual performance reviews, a process that weeds out bottom performers or non-performers.
this has compounded fears that thousands of employees in the sector could be shown the door over the next few weeks.
the it sector is already battling challenges in business environment and stricter work permit regime in countries like the us, singapore, australia and new zealand.
various employee unions have approached labour commissioners and state governments to intervene in the matter.
the rss and bjp have been aggressively promoting upadhyaya and his works.
the rss and bjp have been aggressively promoting upadhyaya and his works.
union ministers will discuss deendayal upadhyayas concept of integral humanism during a four-day event marking the anniversary of a series of lectures delivered by the rss ideologue in 1965.
upadhyaya had spoken about integral humanism in four lectures in mumbai on april 22-25, 1965.
the english translation of the lectures will be read out at iic, followed by commentary from law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, hrd minister prakash javadekar, mos ministry of development of north eastern region jitendra singh and mos culture mahesh sharma  with one minister speaking on each day.
senior rss ideologues, including uttar kshetra sanghchalak dr bajrang lal gupta and convenor prajna pravah j nandakumar, will also be present at the event organised by rss-affiliated deendayal research institute at india international centre, delhi.
the rss and bjp have been aggressively promoting upadhyaya and his works.
the union government is also celebrating his birth centenary as garib kalyan varsh.
indu malhotra becomes the seventh woman judge of the sc since independence.
(source: lawctopus.com) indu malhotra becomes the seventh woman judge of the sc since independence.
(source: lawctopus.com)senior advocate indu malhotra was sworn in as judge of the supreme court on friday.
chief justice of india dipak misra administered the oath of office to her.
her appointment received the presidential warrant, or requisite clearance to take oath, wednesday.
she is the first woman to be elevated to the post of supreme court judge directly from the bar.
malhotra is the second woman judge in the current bench strength of the apex court.
the supreme court collegium, comprising cji dipak misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan b lokur and kurian joseph, in a unanimous decision, had cleared the names of malhotra as well as uttarakhand high court chief justice km joseph.
malhotra is the seventh woman judge of the sc since independence.
also read | bench strength: the 24 sc judges  3 directly elevated, rest from 13 statesmalhotra adds to the existing strength of 24 judges in the top court.
justice indu malhotra gets down to work on day 1.
sharing bench with chief justice of india dipak misra and justice d y chandrachud in court no 1 @indianexpress  ananthakrishnan g (@axidentaljourno) april 27, 2018also read | indu malhotra helped frame vishaka guidelines, good samaritan lawborn into a family of lawyers, malhotra joined the profession in 1983.
she was appointed as a senior advocate in 2007.
she was the second woman after leila seth to be elevated by the supreme court to the designation of a senior advocate.
she specialises in arbitration law.
also read | who is indu malhotra?
the government, meanwhile, returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph to the supreme court.
in a letter to the cji, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad listed reasons why the appointment at this stage does not appear to be appropriate.
it is unclear if and when the cji will call a meeting of the collegium to discuss the matter.
b'chief election commissioner om prakash rawat chief election commissioner om prakash rawattaking a grim view of the facebook data breach that was allegedly exploited to influence polls across the world, the election commission (ec) has indicated that it may review its association with the social media giant after the scandal that surfaced last week.
speaking to the indian express, chief election commissioner o p rawat said on thursday that the matter of ecs partnership with facebook, to encourage enrollment of young voters, will be discussed soon at a commission meeting.
we will be considering this issue in its entire dimension in the commission meeting, he said, indicating that the discussion may take place either friday or early next week.
read | ravishankarprasad prasad warns facebook on data breach: can even summon mark zuckerbergwhen asked if the commission is concerned over allegations of data being harvested to build psychological profiles of voters to influence them, rawat said, definitely.
something which can affect the election arena in an adverse manner, like public opinion being moulded.
this should concern us and we will take a view on this.
the ec has partnered with facebook on at least three different occasions in the last year to encourage facebook users, youngsters especially, to register themselves as voters.
express explained | facebook chief mark zuckerbergs promises fix: what he said, what he did notlast year, as part of one such collaborative effort, the social media platform sent voter registration reminders in 13 indian languages to all its users in the country for four days, from july 1 to 4.
nasim zaidi was the cec then.
a few months later, when a k joti was the poll panel head, a similar campaign was announced under which all facebook users, who were going to turn 18, got a birthday wish on their birthday along with a reminder encouraging them to register with the ec to vote.
read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partnerecs latest partnership with facebook was in january this year.
the commission had announced a national voters day pledge feature on the social media platform.
on the 8th national voters day, the ec is happy to join hands with facebook for one of the largest voters pledges.
through the pledge let us renew our commitment to the cause of free, fair, peaceful and participative elections, rawat had said in a statement on january 25.
the poll panel has been grappling with how to deal with the influence of technology and social media in state and central elections.
recently, it set up a committee with representation from the i&b ministry, law ministry, national broadcasters association and press council of india to examine the scope of section 126 of the representation of people act in the prevailing context of communication technologies.
section 126 prohibits the display of election matter by means of cinematograph, television or other similar apparatus and the holding of musical or theatrical performances or entertainment programmes to influence voters 48 hours ahead of voting.
ecs review of section 126 was prompted by newschannels telecasting congress president rahul gandhis interview just a day ahead of the second phase of the gujarat polls in december last year.
mark zuckerberg wrote that facebook will investigate all apps that had access to large amounts of information before the company changed its rules for apps in 2014.
mark zuckerberg wrote that facebook will investigate all apps that had access to large amounts of information before the company changed its rules for apps in 2014.
rawats comment on ec reviewing its partnership with facebook has come just a day after the union minister for law and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad delivered a sharp warning to the social media website saying that the government would take stringent action, including summoning its ceo mark zuckerberg to india, in case of any data theft of indians.
the data leak scandal has sparked an uproar worldwide, with countries like the us, germany, canada launching a probe into the misuse of data and to determine whether facebook violated privacy norms.
b'the issue of fuel price hike rocked parliament today with opposition members in the lok sabha and the rajya sabha disrupting proceedings,demanding an immediate roll back.
several parties protested against the price hike with sp,left,trinamool congress and aiadmk storming the well of the lok sabha,while bjp members were on their feet.
in the rajya sabha,the entire nda  bjp,jd-u,sad and shiv sena  protested as also the left parties along with agp and bsp.
sp members were in the aisle raising slogans.
roll back price hike in petrol, the opposition members chanted in both the houses.
while the lok sabha witnessed two adjournments,the rajya sabha saw three.
ravi shankar prasad (bjp) accused the government of insulting parliament by announcing the decision of petrol hike outside when the house was in session.
this is insult to your dignity.
this relates to the dignity of parliament.
can you take parliament so lightly?
prasad asked in the upper house pointing towards the chair and the treasury benches.
supporting the bjp member,naresh agarwal (sp) raised a point of order saying it has been an established practice that if the government has to make any policy announcement it has to be in parliament when the session is on.
the chair has given ruling many a time that a minister should not make any announcement outside parliament when the session is on.
this is an insult of the house.
the government announced outside parliament that petrol prices have been raised.
, he said.
the members were not satisfied with the response of minister of state for parliamentary affairs rajiv shukla that there was no violation of the parliamentary tradition as the hike is being done by petroleum companies since the prices are de-regulated.
in the lok sabha,speaker meira kumar ordered the tabling of papers listed for the day in the din before adjourning the house till 2 pm.
similar was the story in the upper house.
soon patients who want an appointment with a doctor in around 100 of the state-run hospitals in uttar pradesh will be able to do so using their mobile phones.
this and other facilities are on the anvil as nearly 100 government hospitals, spread over various districts in up, will be brought under the ambit of the e-hospital platform, in the next six months, union information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in lucknow.
the e-hospital services will be made available, under which people can seek appointment with doctors using their mobile phones.
around 100 government hospitals in the state will be brought on the platform of e-hospital in the next six months, said prasad, flanked by up chief minister yogi adityanath.
this will be a significant step from the point of view of making healthcare easily accessible, he said.
the e-hospital concept simplifies healthcare service delivery over nic service delivery platform, he said.
prime minister narendra modi with part president amit shah at bjps national executive meet in bhubaneswar on saturday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi with part president amit shah at bjps national executive meet in bhubaneswar on saturday.
(pti photo)questioning the oppositions criticism of evms, amit shah said it was an insult to the authority of the election commission.
accusing the opposition of not accepting defeat gracefully, he said, it is expected that defeated parties accept their loss with honesty.
but now they are finding excuses.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that shah had pointed out that when the upa won in 2004 and 2009 and when the aap won in delhi, when the bjp was defeated in bihar and when the congress won in punjab, the same evms were used.
the opposition has today no answer to our 325 seats and three-fourth majority, and so they are making evms and other excuses, shah said.
responding to delhi chief minister arvind kejriwals comment that he had ways to hack evms, prasad said, a chief minister, an alumnus of iit, claimed that evms can be tampered in 70 ways.
we didnt expect a cm to claim himself to be a hacker.
a day after chief justice of india j s khehar expressed concern over judicial work being affected by shortage of judges, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad thursday hoped that concerns regarding appointments and infrastructure would be addressed expeditiously.
i can tell you now that with the leadership of justice khehar as the new chief justice, we will be able to work together in a very meaningful way to address the concerns in judiciary, to expedite appointments, to ensure people of merit are appointed and also overall reinforce infrastructure needed for justice delivery, he said at a conference on judicial reforms.
citing figures, he said the centre was committed to increasing judiciarys strength.
in terms of fundamental duties, justice delivery is integral to good governance.
therefore, justice delivery has to be faster, expeditious and also to be delivered in the spirit of integrity and accountability.
b'senior congress leader p chidambaram (express photo/files) senior congress leader p chidambaram (express photo/files)the bjp on wednesday took on the congress and former finance minister p chidambaram over the 80:20 gold import scheme, asking why trading houses, including the beleaguered gitanjali gems, were allowed to import gold just a day before the 2014 lok sabha results were to be announced.
countering congress leader anand sharma who had claimed that the allegations against chidambaram were not backed by facts, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad shared a purported office memorandum of the finance ministry dated may 15, 2014.
in the memorandum, the premier and start trading houses were allowed to import gold.
prasad said the ruling party always made charges after doing its homework.
was it a price, was it a consideration, was it pressure or was it an obligation.
what was it that mr chidambaram, a well- informed politician, took this decision one day before the results were to come, he alleged at a press conference in the bjp headquarters.
prasad claimed the nature of pressure or price could be assessed from the fact that in a single day the file travelled with supersonic speed through nine desks after his signature and it was followed by the office memorandum.
raising questions, the bjp leader said chidambaram knew the constitution and any person having the slightest consideration of democratic integrity, propriety and sanity of democratic polity would never do this.
the minister also showed a purported rbi notification dated may 21, 2014, claiming that the central bank administration of that time notified the order to allow trading houses to import gold under the scheme without waiting for the new government to assume office.
prasad asked that the results were announced on may 16 and it was clear that a new government would be formed, then why did the rbi administration let the notification be issued on may 21, without waiting for new government to assume office.
in august 2013, the then upa government had introduced the 80:20 rule, which allowed traders to import gold only after they had exported 20 per cent of gold from their previous import.
the rule was scrapped in november 2014 after the nda came to power.
the congress sunday blamed the gujarat riots of 2002 for the creation of terror outfit indian mujahideen.
the bjp slammed the remark as reprehensible and accused the congress of playing the communal card for vote bank politics.
indian mujahideen (im) was formed after the gujarat riots,says nia in its charge sheet.
even now bjp and rss will not desist from communal politics?
congress leader shakeel ahmed said on twitter.
the contents of the chargesheet,filed on july 17,were first reported by the indian express.
it claimed that the im was formed after the babri masjid demolition and the gujarat riots.
hitting back at the congress,the bjp said the remarks were stupid and reprehensible as the pakistan links of such outfits were well-known and alleged that it was congress which was trying to communalise the political scenario and playing with national security as it had no answers for all the wrongs it had done.
ahmed said that the bjps communal politics set off a chain reaction on the issue of terror.
if they foresake their communal politics,outfits like the im will cease to exist, he said.
the bjp said it was well known that pakistan has been aiding and abetting terror in india.
there is this competition among various congress spokespersons and leaders to deliberately communalise the political scenario, ravishankarprasad prasad said.
is it not a fact that the im has links with pakistan-based terrorist outfits?
is it not a fact that much before 2002,there was simi?
prasad added that there was peace in gujarat for 10 years and muslims were becoming prosperous in the state.
b'refuting home minister sushilkumar shindes charge that opposition-ruled states were opposed to formation of nctc,bjp today said the government needs to strengthen intelligence gathering and coordination rather than playing politics on the issue of terrorism.
several innocent lives have been lost in the hyderabad blasts.
the government should stop playing politics on the issue of terrorism.
we want the government to take appropriate action.
there should be better coordination between the centre and the state governments, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the main opposition party maintained that the blame-game should stop and the system of intelligence gathering and sharing of information between the centre and the states should be looked into.
pledging all support to the government in the fight against terrorism,bjp said the country should unitedly deal with the menace.
however,it alleged that the government is not taking appropriate measures.
this government should rise above vote-bank politicson every passing day,shinde is being seen as an unsuccessful home minister, prasad said.
in the past,bjp has opposed national counter terrorism center on the grounds that it will encroach upon the policing rights of states.
but bjp-ruled states maintain they are ready to cooperate on some aspects like sharing of information.
asked about shindes charge that some states are opposed to nctc,prasad said,we are not against coordination between the centre and the states.
but why was there no coordination between the andhra pradesh stf and the centre.
the centre says it had given intelligence inputs,but the state says it had not received any information.
bharatiya janata partys national president amit shah is set to appoint a national leader to take charge of the upcoming delhi elections.
sources in the party said the names of union information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad and union health minister j p nadda are doing the rounds for the post.
bjp in-charge of haryana elections, kailash vijayvargiya  now an mp from madhya pradesh  is also being considered.
the announcement is expected to be made soon, sources said.
one of the leaders will replace union minister nitin gadkari  who was incharge for delhi in the last polls.
sources said the lack of leadership in the party has led the top brass to take this decision.
sources also said as shah is overseeing other states, he wants someone to take charge of delhi.
we are aware that shah is strategising for the party unit in delhi.
with our government at the centre, we cannot afford to lose delhi as it will deflate the modi wave.
this is the main reason for choosing a strong leader who will take charge of delhi, a senior leader said.
the top leadership has also decided to involve mps from every state in the campaigning.
sources said campaigning would be done during the parliaments winter session when all the mps are present in delhi.
union minister choudhary birender singh will be in charge of all jaat villages in delhi while union minister venkaiah naidu will address voters who belong to andhra pradesh.
mps from bihar and uttar pradesh will cover the localities with a majority of purvanchalis.
however, many leaders believe that it will be difficult for the mps to devote time to delhi, when the winter session is on.
meanwhile, the delhi unit has started charting out localities on the basis of population so that they can be allotted to the respective mps.
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadthe union cabinet, after its expansion on tuesday, took a series of decisions including renaming of high courts in kolkata, bombay and chennai, and approving short-term loans to be given to farmers.
addressing a press conference after the cabinet expansion, telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said,from now on calcutta high court will be known as kolkata hc, bombay hc as mumbai hc and madras hc as chennai hc.
the cabinet also gave in-principle approval for setting up a major port at enayam near colachel in tamilnadu.
it also approved long-term contract with mozambique for import of pulses either via pvt channels or govt-to-govt sales via state agencies.
earlier in the day, nineteen new ministers were included in the council of ministers.
narendra modi with j jayalalithaa at a meeting in new delhi on tuesday.
(source: pti)tamil nadu chief minister j jayalalithaa on tuesday met prime minister narendra modi and signalled that the aiadmk could provide issue-based support to his government in the rajya sabha where it is in a minority.
keen to re-establish its friendly ties with the dravidian party, the bjp too walked the extra mile sending three of its ministers, including ravishankarprasad prasad, to tamil nadu house to meet and greet her.
jayalalithaa and modi  known to share a good rapport with each other  had crossed swords during the election campaign.
she did not attend his swearing-in as well apparently because of the invitation extended by modi to the sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa.
on tuesday, both modi and jayalalithaa signalled their intention to bury the past and start afresh.
the meeting lasted for around 50 minutes.
it was very useful and i hope it will prove to be rewarding, she said afterwards.
three ministers  prasad, nirmala sitharaman and p radhakrishnan  then met the cm separately.
sources said that jayalalithaa appeared elated over the defeat of the congress and told one of the ministers that while modi decimated the congress all over the country, she did the same in tamil nadu.
however, she is not in a hurry to join the nda.
sources said that she would prefer to offer issue-based support to the nda government in the rajya sabha and keep open her partys relevance.
the aiadmk has 10 members in the upper house.
there was no such talk (of her party joining the nda) and no such proposal, she said.
on her party supporting the government from outside, particularly in the rajya sabha, she said, the nda has got an independent majority.
for that matter, the bjp itself has got an independent majority.
they do not need support from outside.
we will see when the situation arises.
jayalalithaa handed over a 65-page memorandum to modi listing out the states demands.
the people of the country have great expectations from you and your government.
tamil nadu is no exception.
we were systematically ignored and discriminated against by the former upa government, particularly since may 2011 when i assumed office.
i look forward to that trend completely changing under your guidance, she said in a separate letter to modi.
her particular focus was on additional allocation of resources for tamil nadu, sri lankan tamil issue and expediting the formation of a supervisory committee for raising the water level in the mullaperiyar dam in the wake of the supreme court judgement allowing raising of the water level to 142 ft.
she also demanded implementation of the final order of the cauvery water disputes tribunal by setting up the cauvery management board and the cauvery water regulation committee.
she also met finance minister arun jaitley and spoke of issues related to goods and services tax, release of pending claims for compensation due to central sales tax rate reduction, shortfalls in release of central grants amongst others.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo)facing criticism for deliberately blocking the appointment of a judicial officer to karnataka high court, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has asked in a letter to the chief justice of india (cji) whether the government should consider the discreet enquiry absolving the judge of charges of sexual harassment, in which the complainant was not given a fair opportunity to defend her allegation.
in a strongly worded letter to cji dipak misra, written on april 5, prasad said it is incumbent upon both the high judiciary and executive to apply the highest standard of transparency and judiciousness in making recommendations and appointments.
you will appreciate that a complaint of such a serious nature against a recommendee for the exalted and high position of high court judge required handling in a manner to inspire confidence in all sides, particularly the lady complainant, and thereby establish the innocence of the officer complained against, prasad wrote.
such a summary inquiry in a complaint involving allegations of sexual harassment of a subordinate judicial officer by her superior raises very serious questions.
read | karnataka high court again clears officer, govt raises fresh objectionthe minister stated that the issue of elevation of judicial officer p krishna bhat to karnataka hc has assumed critical importance and relevancein view of letter written by justice chelameswarreleased in media that the executive is deliberately blocking the appointment of bhat, and seeking to undermine the authority of judiciary.
prasad raised two specific issues for the cji and the supreme court collegium and said that these questions assume significance as their satisfactory resolution will in future, illuminate and inform the governments approach in dealing with cases in which judges are facing allegations of sexual harassment.
first, prasad wrote, before we move further in the case of appointment of krishna bhat as judgewhether we should consider a discreet enquiry, even if by a hc chief justice, as fair, sufficient and conclusive enquiry in a matter so sensitive as sexual harassment without adhering to the manner, procedure and gender of the enquiry officer in accordance with the highest standards of fairness and natural justice.
related report | sc clears judge for posting but karnataka hc begins probe after a note from centrethis assumes significance in the view of the fact that available records do not show that (the) complainant, a judicial officer subordinate to the officer complained against, was provided a judicious and fair opportunity to defend her allegations and place evidence in her support as also a chance to the officer complained against to present his side of the case.
these norms the supreme court itself has laid down in the well known vishakha case, the letter said.
second, the law minister has questioned if the sc collegium should not withhold its recommendation to appoint a person as an hc judge until he is cleared of charges of sexual harassment by a fair probe, and not merely by a summary enquiry.
b'ravi shankar prasad, vashistha narayan singh and mahendra prasad display their certificates at bihar assembly in patna on thursday.
(source: pti) ravishankarprasad prasad, vashistha narayan singh and mahendra prasad display their certificates at bihar assembly in patna on thursday.
(source: pti)maharashtravacant seats 6candidates elected unopposed 6they include bjp candidates union minister prakash javadekar, former maharashtra cm narayan rane and former kerala bjp president v muraleedharan, apart from journalist kumar ketkar (congress), anil desai (shiv sena) and vandana chavan (ncp).
madhya pradeshvacant seats 5candidates elected unopposed 5they include bjp candidates thawar chand gehlot and dharmendra pradhan (union ministers) and ajay pratap singh and kailash soni (state party leaders), apart from former minister rajmani patel (congress).
rajasthanvacant seats 3candidates elected unopposed 3bjp candidates kirodi lal meena, bhupender yadav and madan lal saini were declared elected unopposed after scrutiny of nominations.
gujaratvacant seats 4candidates elected unopposed 4union ministers purshottam rupala and mansukh mandavia (bjp) and naran rathwa and amee yajnik (congress) were declared elected unopposed by the election authorities.
biharvacant seats 6candidates elected unopposed 6they include union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, re-nominated by the bjp, vashistha narain singh and mahendra prasad of the jd(u),manoj jha and ashfaq karim of the rjd and akhilesh prasad singhof congress.
anil baluni with uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat and state bjp chief ajay bhatt in dehradun on thursday.
(express photo: virender singh negi) anil baluni with uttarakhand chief minister trivendra singh rawat and state bjp chief ajay bhatt in dehradun on thursday.
(express photo: virender singh negi)uttarakhandvacant seats 1candidates elected unopposed 1anil baluni, head of bjps national media department, was declared elected to the rajya sabha seat.
himachal pradeshvacant seats 1candidates elected unopposed 1union health minister j p nadda was declared re-elected to the upper house unopposed.
odishavacant seats 3candidates elected unopposed 3all the bjd candidates  prashant nanda, soumya ranjan patnaik and achyuta samanta  were declared elected unopposed.
andhra pradeshvacant seats 3candidates elected unopposed 3they include tdps c m ramesh and kanakamedala ravindra kumar and ysrcs vemireddy prabhakar reddy.
haryanavacant seats 1candidates elected unopposed 1retired lt general d p vats, a bjp nominee, was elected unopposed as no other contestant filed nomination.
b'ravi shankar prasad has denied bjps links to cambridge analytica.
(file photo) ravishankarprasad prasad has denied bjps links to cambridge analytica.
(file photo)the international storm over cambridge analytica, a facebook associate, which was involved in a breach of user information to allegedly influence polls in the us and the uk, has spilled over into the indian political arena as a war of words between bjp and congress continued for the second day.
even though cambridge analyticas indian partner ovleno business intelligence (obi), owned by amrish tyagi, son of senior jd(u) leader kc tyagi, lists bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website, all the parties said it did not engage the data firm in elections.
who said what over the cambridge analytica controversy:bjp trying to divert from iraq issue with this: rahul gandhicongress president rahul gandhi said the government had invented a story about the congress alleged links with a controversial data firm to divert the media attention from the killings of indians in iraq as it was caught lying on the issue.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul gandhi tweeted.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 22, 2018randeep surjewala slams it ministercongress communications in-charge randeep surjewala hit out at pm modi and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, saying, hitler had an associate called goebbels, modi ji has an associate called ravishankarprasad prasad.
bjp govt has become a manufacturer of fake news.
sabse bade data chor macha rahe hain sabse zyada shor (the biggest data thieves are making the most noise).
also read: cambridge analytica row live updatesjd(u) leader kc tyagi on sons link and cas role in 2010 bihar pollsjd(u) leader kc tyagi said there was only a work relationship between his son amrishs company and cambridge analytica and there was no financial transaction.
there was only a work relation between my son amrishs company and cambridge analytica, there is no financial transaction or shareholding, everything is open to probe.
jd(u) also has no links with this, neither did they promote us in 2010 polls, tyagi said.
defending party chief nitish kumar, tyagi further said the bihar chief minister never met the ceo.
jd(u) has no relation with cambridge analytics.
neither has its ceo ever met nitish kumar nor me.
jd(u) is a socialist outfit and we stay away from such things, except for prashant kishore helping us during last assembly polls, tyagi added.
how to check which apps have access to your accountrjd leader tejashwi yadav takes a dig at bjpwading into the row, bihar former deputy cm tejashwi yadav said since bjps popularity on facebook was declining, they were challenging its ceo mark zuckerberg.
as bjps popularity is going down on facebook, they are challenging facebooks owner that he can be summoned.
the government should tell us that if they have powers, why cant they summon nirav modi, lalit modi and vijay mallya, yadav asked.
hitting out at jd(u) for denying links with cambridge analytica, yadav said, bjp is in the client list of the company, run by kc tyagis son.
jd(u) general secretarys son is involved and jd(u) is saying that we do not know anything, the rjd leader said.
harsimrat kaur badal alleges rahul gandhi has links to cambridge analyticaunion minister harsimrat kaur badal on thursday hit out at rahul gandhi over his allegation that the government invented a story on data theft by the congress to divert attention from the death of 39 indians in iraq, saying it showed his hollowness.
this shows his (gandhis) hollowness and childishness.
external affairs minister sushma swaraj wanted to make a statement in the lok sabha on the deaths of the 39 indians missing in iraqs mosul, but the congress party (members) created noise, not allowing her to speak, badal said.
the sad member said gandhi was attacking the centre to cover up congress links to cambridge analytica.
this showed how in desperation rahul gandhi joined hands with such companies and to run away from this, such baseless allegations are being made, badal added.
pm modi with finance minister arun jaitley in rajya sabha, thursday.
tv grab pm modi with finance minister arun jaitley in rajya sabha, thursday.
tv grabthe opposition targeted the government over demonetisation during the debate on the motion of thanks to the presidents address in the rajya sabha on thursday.
the motion was introduced by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad with a speech praising prime minister narendra modi.
participating in the debate, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said: i had expected this government to be apologetic about demonetisation, hoped to see some signs of remorse, but even in the presidents address they are gloating about demonetisation rbi made some sort of a guinness record by issuing 135 circulars in 50 days, experts were not consulted, atms ran dry, there is reverse migration from cities the bjp knew about it beforehand, that is why they bought land with cash in so many states just days before, on the plea that it was for their state offices.
watch what else is making newsazad also mentioned the months-long curfew in kashmir following the death of militant burhan wani and police action against protesting youths, saying that these did not align with the governments signature tune of sabka saath sabka vikas.
modi listened to the hour-long speech, occasionally speaking to finance minister arun jaitley.
the pm left immediately after azad finished speaking.
demonetisation was the principal target in the speeches of most opposition mps.
the governments penchant for catchy phrases and innovative publicity also came under attack, with sp mp neeraj shekhar terming it slogan india and tmcs derek obrien saying that the pm stood not for the honourable prime minister, but photo minister.
prasads speech was peppered with references to the pm  from recalling the emotional moment when he held a broom to promote swacch bharat, to how it was at modis initiative that this years padma awards went to unsung achievers.
the nation does wake up, only you need someone to wake it up.
even when people were inconvenienced by demonetisation, they said it was for national good, he said, accusing the congress of numerous scams.
sps shekhar said: listening to the number of times ravishankarprasad prasadji mentioned the pm, i was thinking we should have a pms address, not that of the president you think you say swacch bharat and india becomes clean.
this is slogan india.
the pm is permanently in election mode.
accusing the government of indulging in platitudes, obrien said that the budget and presidents speech had proved that demonetisation had failed.
otherwise they would have given us some numbers.
cpis d raja accused the government of having compromised the foreign policy.
the bjp has asked all media coordinators and spokespersons of state units to become proactive and aggressively promote narendra modi as its star in the run-up to elections.
at a meeting of bjp media coordinators and spokespersons of all states held in new delhi on saturday,senior bjp leaders sushma swaraj,arun jaitley,ravi shankar prasad and rajnath singh gave tips to over 300 members of various bjp media cells on how to attack the congress governments,raise issues before anybody else does and launch counterattacks in all the states if any national-level congress leader makes a statement on any issue.
the media coordinators were told to swamp social media with issues that bjp raises and promote bjp-ruled states as models.
discussions were held on how to react to congress propaganda,raise issues that corner the congress,and how our media cells can play a more proactive role and make bjp more visible in all the states, said a media coordinator from andhra unit.
bjp media cells will be fully active now and become very aggressive, said bjp spokesperson n ramchander rao.
media cells and coordinators will promote modi as their main leader and refer to him as the future leader of the country.
a meeting of state,city and district presidents will be held sunday in delhi.
bjp president rajnath singh,modi and venkaiah naidu will oversee the activation of media cells.
b'the draft was approved by the union cabinet headed by pm modi the draft was approved by the union cabinet headed by pm modithe national investigation agency (nia) will act as the nodal authority for probing cases of human trafficking, according to a proposed legislation by the ministry of women and child development (mw&cd).
the union cabinet, headed by prime minister narendra modi, wednesday approved the draft trafficking of persons (prevention, protection and rehabilitation) bill, 2018, which also proposes a punishment of life imprisonment for repeat offenders.
union wcd minister maneka gandhi said, we will present the bill in the upcoming session (of parliament).
the nia act is being amended separately.
the proposed legislation addresses the issue of trafficking from the point of view of prevention, rescue and rehabilitation.
a cabinet decision says: aggravated forms of trafficking, which includes trafficking for the purpose of forced labour, begging, trafficking by administering chemical substance or hormones on a person for the purpose of early sexual maturity, trafficking of a woman or child for the purpose of marriage or under the pretext of marriage or after marriage will be covered in the new law.
the former category of crimes would carry a jail term of seven to 10 years.
the latter would carry a punishment of at least 10 years in jail, which can be extended to life imprisonment with a fine of rs 1 lakh.
the draft bill also moots three years in jail for abetting, promoting and assisting trafficking.
the proposed legislation recommends a national anti-trafficking relief and rehabilitation committee which would be headed by secretary, wcd ministry.
the nia will receive financial aid under nirbhaya fund for safety of women in order to set up a cell for investigating human trafficking.
the new law will make india a leader among south asian countries to combat trafficking, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the bill provides for interim relief immediately to victims within 30 days to address their trauma and further appropriate relief within 60 days from the date of filing of chargesheet.
it aims to ensure confidentiality of victims or witnesses and complainants by not disclosing their identity, time-bound trial and repatriation of the victims within a period of one year from taking into cognizance.
nia will perform the tasks of anti-trafficking bureau at the national level present under the mha, prasad added.
b'rahul gandhi accused the bjp of inventing a story of data theft by the congress to divert attention from the death of 39 indians in iraq.
(express photo by praveen jain) rahul gandhi accused the bjp of inventing a story of data theft by the congress to divert attention from the death of 39 indians in iraq.
(express photo by praveen jain)with the war of words between the bjp and congress intensifying over alleged links to cambridge analytica  which is at the centre of an international storm over alleged manipluation of elections  both sides accused each other of utilising the services of the london-based firm during election campaigns in the past.
congress president rahul gandhi accused the bjp of inventing a story of data theft by the congress to divert attention from the death of 39 indians in iraq, an issue over which the government has come under severe criticism, while the bjp warned its political rival against politics on dead bodies.
reiterating the allegations he raised on wednesday, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad insisted that the opposition party and rahul used the services of cambridge analytica.
addressing a press conference, prasad said: all i will tell rahul gandhi is that he should not do politics on dead bodies of indians who lost their lives in very unfortunate circumstances.
he was responding to rahuls comment that the government invented a controversy to divert attention from the questions the party had raised.
problem: 39 indians dead; government on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress and data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul had tweeted.
the congress has been accusing the government of managing headlines to deflect the countrys focus from the pnb bank scam, dilution of provisions of the sc/st atrocities act and questions being raised by the families of those killed in iraq.
prasad also alleged that several media reports about the opposition party using the firms services had appeared last october and november and it never denied those stories until the bjp raised the issue on wednesday.
the articles appeared in october and its been months.
the congress never denied the reports.
the congress party maintained a conspicuous silence on the role of a dubious company, he said at a press conference at parliament house building.
prasad said the congress campaign, which was full of fake news and poisonous and divisive, had the imprints of cambridge analytica.
rahul gandhis entire social media campaign has been managed with the help of cambridge analytica and they have had meetings also, he said.
the minister of law and justice and it denied that the bjp had tied up with ca.
there is no authentic confirmation of any indian partner of the company working for the bjp or its allies, he said.
he, however, sought to make a distinction between ca and its partner, saying the former has been accused of using honey-trap and data theft.
congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala said the government had lied to the families of the 39 indians about their loved ones being alive even after evidence suggested they were killed years ago.
families ask questions  why did modi government and sushmaji mislead them for 4 yrs?
another lie, another spin exposed as truth unravels on mosul tragedy he tweeted.
the court fixed july 11 for the next hearing on the petition.
the court fixed july 11 for the next hearing on the petition.
the supreme court on wednesday decided to hear the centre before passing any order on a pil challenging the union environment ministrys notification banning the sale and purchase of cattle, including cows, from animal markets for slaughter.
issuing notice to the centre, a bench of justices r k agrawal and s k kaul said it was not inclined to pass any interim order at this stage and gave the union of india two weeks to file its reply.
the court fixed july 11 for the next hearing on the petition.
appearing for the centre, asg p s narasimha pointed out that the notification had already been stayed by the madras high court.
he added that rules were only intended to bring in a regulatory regime on cattle trade across the country and will not be an impediment for genuine cattle traders.
meanwhile, at a press conference called to announce the achievements of his ministry upon completion of three years of the narendra modi government, union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad said his cabinet colleague health minister harshvardhan had already made it clear that the government is ready for a review of the cattle control order and he had nothing more to add to it.
prasad stressed that the government has no desire to control anyones food habits.
however, the constitution in directive principles of state policy calls upon the state to prohibit cow slaughter he said and added that there is also a large section of people who revere the cow.
one has to strike a balance between the two and the government will take into consideration all views, said prasad.
on cow vigilantes, he said prime minister narendra modi had already made it clear that they will have to be dealt with firmly as per the law and face consequences of their actions.
for his part, harsh vardhan, speaking at a function of his ministry, said: (before the next supreme court hearing), whatever concerns that anyone has on the subject, they are being addressed and investigated in great detail and in a transparent manner.
there will not be a single person in this country who might have even a little heartburn on this issue.
the pil petitioner, mohammed abdul faheem qureshi, a hyderabad-based lawyer and president of the all india jamiatul quresh action committee  an ngo working for the upliftment of weaker sections of society including the butchers and cattle traders of the country  had challenged the new rules introduced under the prevention of cruelty to animals act, 1960.
he claimed that these rules were arbitrary and violative of articles 19(1)(g), right to carry on business or trade; article 21 (right to life and personal liberty), article 25 (right to practise and propagate ones religion), and article 29 (no discrimination on grounds of religion, race, caste or language) of the constitution.
he claimed that the new rule 22 (3) (iii) in the notification that the purchaser of the cattle shall not sacrifice the animal for any religious purpose was contrary to the section 28 (of the 1960 act) which permits killing of animals for religious purposes and thus offend the right to freedom of religion and conscience and is arbitrary, inconsistent and outside the purview of parent act and against the freedom of religious practice to sacrifice the animals and also against the intentions of the framers of the constitution.
the right to practise and propagate ones religion under article 25 can only be restricted on the grounds of public order, morality and health or grounds enumerated under article 25(2), only by a law made by the legislature and not by a delegated executive fiat, he argued.
b'prime minister narendra modi during the 2nd international day of yoga at the capitol complex in chandigarh on tuesday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi during the 2nd international day of yoga at the capitol complex in chandigarh on tuesday.
(pti photo)so were still in a yogic pose and its difficult to get our head straight after standing on it in salabhasana and sirsasana since sunday when the india news tv reporter told us that yoga was the perfect practice  for body and soul.
he could be right; our brains and guts are always in a yogic twist, arent they?
so, yoga it is, especially at yog gram, ramdevjis ashram where ardh satyas reporter learnt the cardinal principles of a healthy life.
he may have been puzzled by their similarity to journalistic practices: what to eat, when to eat, why to eat fruits and how (much) to eat.
to confirm his findings, he asked a lady visitor, are you a little better?
ji, she replied (what else could she say, no, im worse?
).
a gentleman then revealed that his three-year old knee problem had improved by 90 per cent in just one week at yog gram.
thats not yoga, man, thats magic.
he ought to have joined ramdevji at sundays india gate practice for international yoga day, instead of union minister venkaiah naidu, who, standing beside the yoga maestro found that wearing a dhoti was the wrong choice for the occasion.
he got quite entangled in its folds and may have blushed had he known the nation was watching him on a live broadcast (aaj tak, india tv and apn).
hes not the only one whose blushes were not spared.
on yoga day which received all day coverage on tuesday, enough to rival republic day, the prime minister struck some perfect poses for tv cameras but his ministers were often found making the wrong moves.
and dd news lined them all up for us to see: union home minister rajnath singh performed yoga in lucknow (in the rain).
union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi performed yoga in meerut.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad performed yoga in patna etc.
others included smriti irani, amit shah, cm raman singh and cm chouhan who rolled out the mat in beijing.
meanwhile, india today had the happy idea of rating the ministers yogic poses and many were on the mat  barring uma bharati who did breathing exercises on her chair for health reasons.
suffice it to say, few ministers did themselves or yoga proud.
most were stiff and clearly in need of a few lessons from their pm before theyre caught on candid camera next year.
watching tv, it seemed as if everyone and the world did yoga (except opposition party leaders).
indeed, more than 135 countries celebrated yoga day  even the indian navy on ins viraat (dd news), the stewardess on at least one flight (zee news) and actors bipasha basu and rakhi sawant (india news).
ok news told us there was yoga so hot, the sweat dripped like a leaky faucet as well as boxing yoga and cycling yoga.
take your pick.
is there a maun yoga exercise?
if not, let salman khan practice and patent it immediately.
the pm would have been displeased with the sultan of swing whose thoughtless and offensive remark on rape, spun the news channels out of control.
the rape shocker (india today) displaced yoga as the main news of the day, tuesday, as anchors and reporters alike fumed with righteous anger at the actors feeling like a raped woman and not apologising for it.
salman received more coverage than he deserved.
as shailendra singh said on times now, why give him so much importance?
lastly, you may or may not have noticed there are many more hindi news channels and foreign news channels available now on dth services.
so when youre not practising yoga, you can watch channels from japan, singapore, australia, russia, germany and france as well as samachar, samachar plus, india 247, apn, news world india, india news up/uttarakhand, prime news, ok news and many more.
like yoga, news tv is international.
b'accused in the 2008 malegaon blast case , dayaanand pandey was produced at the mumbai sessions court on thursday.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar) accused in the 2008 malegaon blast case , dayaanand pandey was produced at the mumbai sessions court on thursday.
(source: express photo by prashant nadkar)the congress friday mounted a blistering attack on the modi government over the nia decision to drop all charges against sadhvi pragya thakur and five others in the 2008 malegaon blast case, alleging it was trying to save people belonging to rss involved in terror activities.
the allegation by the congress was rejected by the government with minister of state for home kiren rijiju saying it does not interfere in the investigation by the agencies while the bjp said pragya was framed by the upa government.
leading the congress charge, senior party leader digvijaya singh also accused the nda government of pressuring officers of national investigating agency (nia) to save certain people involved in the blasts that killed seven people in the twin blasts in malegaon in maharashtra.
was the dg of nia given extension for this?
he asked.
i will like to tell the central government that we know that you want to save them (activists of hindu right-wing groups).
we know that your relations are with all these people involved in terrorism-related activities, singh said.
this is my accusation on prime minister, union home minister and the union cabinet who are trying to save the people belonging to sangh involved in terror activities by putting pressure on police officers and the nia, he said, adding, as i had predicted bjp and rss have started the process of saving the sangh activists involved in terror cases.
singh also said it was deplorable that an honest and sincere officer like hemant karkare, who put his life in danger and fought against terrorists, is being accused of fabricating evidences.
defending the nia decision, rijiju said justice should prevail and there was no interference on the probe agency.
justice should prevail.
there should be no interference in handling such cases.
our government has allowed agencies to work independently, he told reporters.
upa has pressurised agencies in their time.
for their own benefits they have given another term to terrorism as hindu terrorism, he claimed.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the charge of congress party that the government is trying to influence the nia is completely baseless.
nia is doing its job independently, he said.
bjp welcomed the nia decision and suggested a probe against those involved in building the case against sadhvi pragya in the upa government, saying she was framed.
in an apparent attack on the upa dispensation, bjp said there was conspiracy over malegaon and samjhauta express blasts cases, in which hindutva groups were prosecuted by investigation agencies, and some politicians worked against the countrys interests.
i was of the opinion from day one that pragya thakur and others have just been framed in these cases.
all the atrocity a person like pragya thakur has undergone, i think had there been any other liberal, law abiding country there would have been a counter investigation against people involved in it, bjp spokesperson meenakshi lekhi told reporters.
rss functionary indresh kumar alleged that the upa government had a conspiracy to target hindutva groups over the blasts.
b'the supreme court of india rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal) the supreme court of india rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal)ruling out foul play in the death of cbi special judge brijmohan harikishan loya, the supreme court thursday concluded that he had died of natural causes and dismissed petitions seeking inquiry into the circumstances of the death.
the court, which went into medical and other evidence brought on record, criticised the petitioners, saying the pleas were a veiled attempt to launch a frontal attack on the independence of the judiciary and to dilute the credibility of judicial institutions.
the judgment held that their conduct prima facie amounted to criminal contempt but spared them of any contempt action.
the documentary material on the record indicates that the death of judge loya was due to natural causes.
there is no ground for the court to hold that there was a reasonable suspicion about the cause or circumstances of death which would merit a further inquiry, said justice d y chandrachud who wrote the judgment for the three-judge bench headed by chief justice of india dipak misra and comprising justice a m khanwilkar.
read | judge loya case: petitions for death probe veiled attempt to attack judiciary, says scthe bench found it a case of misuse of public interest litigation and expressed its anguish at the manner in which the proceedings were conducted.
it said the conduct of the petitioners and intervenors scandalises the process of the courtit said advocate prashant bhushan had argued that justices khanwilkar and chandrachud being from maharashtra may have known the four judicial officers connected with the matter and rued that even the judges of this bench hearing the present proceedings, have not been spared from this vituperative assault on the judiciary.
special cbi judge brijmohan harikishan loya special cbi judge brijmohan harikishan loyathe judgment dwelt on the statements given by four judicial officers, judges shrikant kulkarni, s m modak, v c barde and r r rathi regarding the circumstances surrounding the death during a discreet inquiry conducted by the maharashtra state intelligence department (sid) and said these were clear and consistent and there was no reason to doubt them.
loya, 48, records show, died of a heart attack in nagpur on december 1, 2014, a day after he attended the wedding and reception of the daughter of fellow judge swapna joshi, who is now a judge in the bombay high court.
read | doctor who declared sohrabuddin dead deposes in special cbi courthis death became a controversy following a report in the caravan magazine which quoted loyas sister and father suggesting foul play and a cover-up.
a subsequent investigation by the indian express found that many of the claims made by the caravan report were not supported by evidence on the ground, including official records.
the court said the statements of the four judges have a ring of truth.
the judges, it ruled had nothing to conceal nor an axe to grindreading them it is clear that they have been submitted without pre-meditation.
the four judicial officers acted responsibly.
there was no reason for them either to hasten or to cause a delay in submitting their versions of what they knew.
each of the four judges has acted with a sense of duty.
this is how they would be expected to conduct themselves, in answering to a call of duty.
read | congress: if bjp believes judge loyas death was natural, why fear probe?
the top court was also critical of petitioners counsel dushyant dave referring to proceedings related to a 1991 case in which five persons including maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis had got relief from a high court bench of justices b r gavai and v m deshpande.
senior advocate prashant bhushan had alleged foul play in the death of judge loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal) senior advocate prashant bhushan had alleged foul play in the death of judge loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal)speaking to the indian express, gavai had said that he had gone to meditrina hospital where loya was shifted after he got a call from the bombay high court registrar.
taking umbrage, the court said: the attempt of the petitioners is to create prejudice and to malign the dignity of the judges, particularly of justice b r gavaithis is another instance in the course of the hearing of the present case where a matter extraneous to the subject of the inquiry before the court has been sought to be relied upon to somehow sensationalise the case.
what is worse is the manner in which wholly unfounded aspersions have been cast on the judges of the bombay high court following a decision which has been taken in the judicial capacity.
this constitutes a serious attempt to scandalise the court and obstruct the course of justice.
read | rahul gandhi used judiciary for character assassination of amit shah, says bjpit termed daves charge that one individual is controlling the entire judiciary in maharashtra and elsewhere an insinuation.
the senior advocate had alleged that the facts were fudged to protect bjp president amit shah who was one of the accused in the sohrabuddin sheikh encounter case.
loya was presiding over the case when he died.
shah was later discharged.
the petitions questioned why someone who suffered a heart pain was first taken to small hospital like dande in nagpur where he had gone on a wedding and not to a specialised cardiac care facility.
tehseen poonawalla, an activist, outside the supreme court on thursday.
he is one of the petitioners who moved the top court seeking an independent probe into the death of judge b h loya.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) tehseen poonawalla, an activist, outside the supreme court on thursday.
he is one of the petitioners who moved the top court seeking an independent probe into the death of judge b h loya.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)answering this, the court said the line of argument is without merit and that his colleagues decision to take him to dande was in good faith and cannot be questioned.
the bench stated that to attribute motives to his colleagues who were with him and took immediate steps to shift him to a hospital nearby is absurd, if not motivated.
in hindsight, it is easy to criticise actions which are taken by human beings when faced with an emergency.
it is easy for an observer sitting in an arm-chair at a distant point in time to assert that wisdom lay in an alternate course of action.
that can never be the test for judging human behaviour.
also read | judge loya death: case was meant to damage interests of bjp, amit shah, says ravishankarprasad prasadthe judgment junked claims that no ecg was done on loya at the dande hospital.
citing medical records of dande and the meditrina hospital where he was shifted from dande and the death summary, the court said we find no reasonable basis to infer that no ecg was done at the dande hospital.
the caravan report had said that loya was taken to dande in an autorickshaw.
but the court found that both judge kulkarni had stated that loya was taken in judge bardes car to the hospital.
this was also reaffirmed by the statements of judges modak, barde and rathi, it said.
the allegation that judge loya was not provided even a car to travel from ravi bhavan to dande hospital and onwards to meditrina is a red-herring, the judgment said.
the court also junked claims that none of the four judges had met the family of loya in mumbai soon after his death saying modak had said that he and judge kulkarni had met the family at their haji ali residence.
on the argument that he could not have been wearing a trouser and shirt when he suffered a heart attack, the judgment said to urge that the depiction of the clothes worn by judge loya casts doubt on the sequence of events narrated by the judicial officers isuntenable.
judge kulkarni and judge modak, the court found were with judge loya from the time that the three officers left mumbai for the wedding at nagpur and until judge loya died on 1 december 2014.
they have provided a trustworthy account of their schedule since they left mumbai.
all of them travelled together, stayed together, visited local judges at nagpur, attended the wedding and remained in the company of each other and their friends in the judicial fraternity, it said.
advocate indira jaising had said that the date of death was mentioned in the post-mortem as december 7.
but the court found that the date is clearly mentioned as 1 december 2014.
on the claims by caravan that loyas body was sent to his home town gategaon unaccompanied, the court said the allegationis contrary to what has emerged on the record.
judges kulkarni, modak and barde had disclosed that two other local judges had accompanied the body in a car, it said.
the petitioners disputed that judge loya stayed at the ravi bhavan in nagpur.
however, the court pointed out that even the caravan article had said that loya had a conversation with his wife on the night of 30 november 2014 and had informed her that he was staying at ravi bhavan guest house together with the judges who had accompanied him to nagpur.
the bench found that judges kulkarni, modak and loya stayed at ravi bhavan, where a vip suite was booked.
they travelled together by the same train from mumbai to nagpur on 29 november 2014 and arrived in nagpur on the morning of 30 november 2014.
they proceeded to ravi bhavan where a suite was reserved.
during the course of the day, the three judicial officers visited the residences of two judges of the high court at nagpur, justice s b shukre and justice p r bora.
they visited the home of shri barde and were together all along.
they went to the market, returned to ravi bhavan and attended the wedding reception in the evening.
after dinner the three judges returned to ravi bhavan a little before midnight, the judgment said.
the bombay lawyers association and another petitioner had moved the bombay high court seeking a probe in the death of loya.
simultaneously, pils were also filed in the supreme court.
the apex court transferred the bombay petitions to itself and heard them together.
the court rejected allegations by loyas sister that the then chief justice of the bombay high court justice mohit shah had tried to influence the outcome of the sohrabuddin case saying the allegations were hearsay.
b'the apex court gave the poll watchdog two weeks time to file a report on the matter.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) the apex court gave the poll watchdog two weeks time to file a report on the matter.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)the supreme court on monday asked the election commission to reply to the centres apprehension that the usage of totaliser machines might lead to outflow of data from evms. the apex court gave the poll watchdog two weeks time to file a report in on the matter.
the election commission had recommended to the government to introduce totaliser machines for counting of votes, which would enhance secrecy in the election process.
however, a committee of ministers, headed by rajnath singh, had rejected the idea last year.
also read | what is a totaliser machine?
totaliser machines increase the secrecy of voting by counting votes polled at 14 polling booths together, as against the current practice of announcing booth-wise results.
according to the election commission, the identification of area-wise voting trends could encourage candidates and political parties to target areas where they got less votes.
the ec first approached the law ministry in 2008 with the proposal to amend the conduct of election rules to introduce totaliser machine on counting day.
in 2017, a team of union ministers  rajnath singh, arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari and ravishankarprasad prasad  was constituted on the direction of prime minister narendra modi to deliberate on the idea.
as reported by the indian express, the proposal was supported by only three (bsp, congress, ncp) of the six national parties after the commission demonstrated the use of the machine last march.
the bjp had opposed it on the ground that details of booth-wise performance of candidates was important for booth management.
the cpi(m) agreed in principle but added a rider saying that the machine should be used carefully and introduced in phases.
b'cambridge analyticas office in central london.
(photo: reuters) cambridge analyticas office in central london.
(photo: reuters)the ministry of electronics & information technology (meity) has sent a notice to data mining and analysis firm cambridge analytica, which is at the heart of the case involving alleged breach of facebook user data, seeking information about its clients in india and whether it had harvested their user profiles.
it has also asked the firm to specify who are the entities, if any, who engaged the firm to utilise data of indians; how did it collect the data and whether consent was taken of the individuals whose data was used.
cambridge analyticas parent company, strategic communications laboratories, partnered with a firm, ovleno business intelligence (obi), in india which had mentioned bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website before it was taken down earlier this week.
the ministry of electronics and information technology has issued a notice to cambridge analytica, wherein the serious breach of propriety and misuse of data intended to profile and influence voting behaviour has been highlighted, an official spokesperson said, adding that the firm has been given time until march 31 to respond to the notice.
read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partnerthe government is deeply concerned about such developments and is committed to ensure the protection of the fundamental right of privacy and safety and security of data for every citizen of india, he said.
the government also said that the fairness of indian democracy and electoral process is a matter of pride and any attempt to influence the sanctity of the electoral franchise through dubious and questionable means is unacceptable.
in particular, all intermediaries and their associates have the legal obligation to maintain security, confidentiality and sanctity of data and any unauthorized use of data can entail legal action.
related | elon musk removes tesla, spacex facebook pages after challenged on twitteron wednesday, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad warned facebook ceo mark zuckerberg that the government would take stringent action, including summoning him to india, in case of any data theft of indians.
prasad also triggered a political war of words when he accused the main opposition congress party of having links with cambridge analytica, the facebook associate under the scanner.
the congress then denied the allegation and claimed that the bjp and its current ruling ally in bihar, jd(u), had engaged the data firm in elections, including in 2014.
on thursday, zuckerberg, in a post, apologised for the data breach and said that his company would upgrade its security features ahead of the upcoming elections in countries like india and brazil.
also read | election commission finds no vulnerabilities in facebook associationyesterday, prasad held a meeting with senior it ministry officials to discuss analyse the ways to prevent commercial exploitation of digital information of users.
it is pertinent to observe that the ceo of facebook, mr mark zuckerberg has apologised for the mistakes his company had made in handling data belonging to its users, and has promised tougher steps to restrict access to such information.
there are other downstream players such as cambridge analytica and its alleged associates who have been reported to be involved in the data breach, the government spokesperson said.
bjp on sunday praised president pranab mukherjee for his statement that pakistan should dismantle terror infrastructure on its soil,saying he has really spoken for the people of the country and the centre should learn a lesson from him.
apparently hitting out at the government for holding talks at the highest-level despite tensions along the border,senior party leader ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said india has failed to learn the lessons rightly.
is the government going to take some lessons from rashtrapatij (the president) who has really spoken for the people of the country and their feeling that pakistan must dismantle the infrastructure of terror.
talk and terrorism cannot go hand in hand.
i regret to say that centre is yet to learn the lesson rightly, prasad said when reporters asked for his reaction about pakistan high commissioner to india salman bashirs remarks that talks should continue irrespective of what was happening at the border.
prasad said he was more concerned about the indian government than the suggestion made by bashir,because the talks between the prime ministers of india and pakistan in new york was taking place when planning in the keran sector was being executed by the pakistan army.
president pranab mukherjee in an interview to a turkish daily had said,we demand of pakistan that the infrastructures created by the terrorist outfits in your territories,dismantle them!
keep your commitments to india,dont allow terrorists to use your land to perpetrate their nefarious activities on india.
mukherjee had said that unless that atmosphere is created,how could you talk about other developments?
army had on saturday foiled a major infiltration bid along the loc in keran sector of kashmir,killing four militants,as the operation against the infiltrating ultras in the area entered 12th day on sunday.
a group of militants had tried to infiltrate into kashmir through keran sector on september 24 but were intercepted by the army.
he also credited the president for the withdrawal of the ordinance on convicted lawmakers,saying the whole world knows rashtrpatiji had called council of ministers an asked them certain questions about the ordinance.
the belated entry of rahul gandhi with that trademark comment was not the factor (for the withdrawal of the ordinance),the mood of the country was the factor, thecongress leader said.
b'congress today brushed aside demands for railway minister pawan kumar bansals resignation saying it has become a disease of the opposition to make such demands.
for those who are demanding resignation,it has become a disease, congress general secretary and head of media department janardan dwivedi told reporters.
he said bansal has himself given a clarification demanding probe in the wake of the arrest of his nephew for allegedly fixing top level promotions in the railway board.
the railway minister himself has given a clarification and said that there should be a thorough probe into the matter.
i dont think we can expect any thing more from him, dwivedi said in a brief reaction to the developments surrounding bansal.
bjp has demanded the sacking of the railway minister and cbi prosecution against him with party leader ravishankarprasad prasad saying that seeking pecuniary advantage by someone close to the railway minister and abusing the authority of the minister is a copybook case of prosecution of bansal.
cpi(m) also has demanded his resignation.
the ministers nephew v singla was yesterday arrested by the cbi in connection with alleged bribery of rs 90 lakh for fixing a top level position in the government.
bansal,however,has distanced himself from his nephew,saying he had no business links with him and denied any wrongdoing.
uma bharti.
uma bharti.
the government ruled out uma bhartis resignation wednesday, amid calls for this by opposition parties following the supreme court order on the babri masjid demolition trial.
briefing reporters after a cabinet meeting, finance minister arun jaitley said no new situation has arisen in the case that has been going on since 1993.
former party presidents l k advani and murli manohar joshi, meanwhile, met after the court order allowed the cbi to restore its case against them.
joshi called on advani and the two leaders met for 40 minutes.
asked whether the court order will have any impact on the presidential polls, jaitley dismissed the question as hypothetical.
there has been speculation about advani or joshi being possible presidential candidates.
to a question about the possible resignation of bharti  and kalyan singh, now rajasthan governor  jaitley said, this case is going on since 1993.
somehow it is going on and no new situation has arisen so the situation which was prevailing earlier will continue in this.
he mocked the congress over its attack: there have been ministers, there have been deputy pms if chargesheet is the rule (for resigning), then just calculate, how many congress cms, though very few of them now remain, will have to go?
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the party will study the decision before making any comments.
he said the bjp highly respected its leaders like advani and joshi.
b'congress leader ghulam nabi azad with opposition leaders in new delhi on tuesday.
(express photo: anil sharma) congress leader ghulam nabi azad with opposition leaders in new delhi on tuesday.
(express photo: anil sharma)as ruckus created by members of tamil nadu and andhra pradesh parties on tuesday disrupted proceedings in parliament for the 12th straight day, opposition parties blamed the government for the impasse.
in lok sabha, speaker sumitra mahajan said she cannot take up the no-confidence motion against the government since the house was not in order.
rajya sabha also witnessed disruptions, with congress blaming the government for not trying to break the deadlock and the latter responding it was ready for a discussion on any issue.
minutes before rajya sabha was adjourned for the day amid ruckus, leader of opposition ghulam nabi azad said they want the house to function and debate on three pressing issues as well as the budget and other legislative business.
he made the comments soon after external affairs minister sushma swaraj informed the house of the death of 39 missing indians in iraq.
while most opposition parties wanted azad to make the statement, members of dmk, aiadmk and tdp trooped into the well, raising slogans for constitution of cauvery water management board and special status for andhra pradesh.
azad said 10 opposition parties, including congress, tmc, sp, bsp, dmk, ncp, cpi and cpm met tuesday and agreed that the house should function.
three major issues are irregularities in banks where billions of rupees have been looted, special category status for andhra pradesh and cauvery water management, he said.
no effort has been made by the government so far to talk to these political leaders to sort out the issue.
so, the government is responsible for the impasse, azad said.
while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad countered azad, saying the government is ready for a debate on all issues, minister of state for parliamentary affairs vijay goel said the government has since day one stated that it is prepared for any discussion.
chairman m venkaiah naidu said he had on the very first day said banking issue needs to be discussed and the government agreed.
i dont find any reason for disruption, he said.
he later adjourned proceedings.
parliament is undermined.
the government wants to function after bypassing parliament, cpi leader d raja said.
b'the president, shri pranab mukherjee, the vice president, shri m. hamid ansari and the prime minister, shri narendra modi with the newly inducted ministers after a swearing-in ceremony, at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi.
the president, shri pranab mukherjee, the vice president, shri m. hamid ansari and the prime minister, shri narendra modi with the newly inducted ministers after a swearing-in ceremony, at rashtrapati bhavan, in new delhi.
the government led by prime minister narendra modi has fewer ministers with cabinet rank to handle economic and infrastructure portfolios after tuesdays reshuffle that brought 19 new faces to the council of ministers.
the redistribution of portfolios has further reduced this number with key ministries such as communications (ravi shankar prasad) and mines (narendra singh tomar) now being led by junior ministers (ministers of state) with independent charge manoj sinha and piyush goyal respectively.
even commerce & industry, power, petroleum & natural gas are with junior ministers.
in the upa as well as in the vajpayee governments, ministries such as commerce & industry, petroleum & natural gas, communications, power, labour & employment and mines were led by cabinet rank ministers.
watch video: whats making newssome other ministries that have a significant bearing on the economy such as labour & employment, skill development & entrepreneurship and environment, forest & climate change too are led by ministers of state with independent charge.
only finance and corporate affairs, road transport and shipping, railways, urban development and textiles are now with cabinet ministers.
an mos (independent charge) attends cabinet meetings only when a proposal of his or her ministry is on the agenda, a minister of state does not get to participate in the meetings at all, said a former cabinet secretary who did not wish to be named.
if you are a cabinet minister, you get a 360-degree view of decision-making, he said.
in the previous upa government, the only other person who was a special invitee to the cabinet was montek singh ahluwalia, deputy chairman, planning commission.
in the present government, all cabinet proposals are circulated to the niti aayog for comments, but the vice chairperson, arvind panagariya, does not yet get to participate in the meetings.
in politics, unlike bureaucracy, there is no strict hierarchy, but within the council of ministers, seniority counts.
so, veteran kalraj mishra is still a cabinet minister with a not-so-significant portfolio of micro, small and medium enterprises, and piyush goyal is an mos (independent charge) with a bunch of portfolios  power, mines, coal, new & renewable energy, a bjp leader said.
according to a top official, the cabinet expansion is a fine act of political management and the leadership has been sensitive to seniority of members of parliament while allocating them ranks in the council of ministers.
the idea is also to create a bench strength of ministers, who can be elevated in due course, following an evaluation of their performance, a source said.
the leadership, the source said, also acknowledges the need to meet the aspirations of ministers as they spend time in the government.
b'the rising stock of gujarat chief minister narendra modi within the bjp was apparently visible at the partys national executive meet here today when party president rajnath singh gave him a special welcome and noted that even the european union is recognising his achievements.
modi,seen as a frontrunner among bjps prime ministerial probables,was lauded by singh for achieving the unprecedented feat of winning three consecutive elections in gujarat.
singh said no other bjp chief minister has such a record.
the party president accorded a special welcome to narendra modi.
he has created a new record among the bjp chief ministers by being the first to be re-elected for the third consecutive term with a very convincing majority.
all the national executive members also welcomed him, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told a press conference.
singh appreciated modis performance again in his speech when he criticised the upa governments failure in reviving the economy.
the president also said performance of bjp-ruled states is being discussed around the world.
he made a special mention of gujarat.
that even the european union is recognising this and despite several campaigns against him they are trying to build new relations with him, prasad said.
but the bjp was non-committal on whether the issue of who will be its prime ministerial candidate has been settled in modis favour.
asked about it,prasad said,i think the national president has clarified repeatedly.
let me reiterate it today.
we are very proud of the leadership of narendra modi.
he was appreciated,complimented because of the historic third win,being the first bjp chief minister to do so.
but who shall be the pm candidate of the bjp,the partys parliamentary board will decide at the appropriate time.
in his inaugural address,singh also referred to the circumstances under which he took over as bjp chief in january.
singh said he has accepted the post of president with a heavy heart, prasad told reporters.
he added that in bjp change of responsibility is a natural process.
in a dramatic turn of events,former president nitin gadkari  who was set to get another term  was replaced by singh as the unanimous choice after companies related to his purti group were raided by the income tax department.
this is the first national executive and council meet of the bjp since singh took over.
the formalities of his acceptance by the bjp national council  a body comprising of nearly 2,200 office-bearers and members from across the states and the central leadership  will be completed tomorrow.
at the national executive meeting,gadkari welcomed singh and announced that he will stand by the new president with all his strength as he has done for the bjp all along.
the three-day conclave will see the bjp leaders discuss the strategy for the forthcoming assembly elections in states like rajasthan,madhya pradesh,chhattisgarh,delhi and karnataka as well as the 2014 general elections.
setting the mood for the conclave in his speech,singh said,if 20th century was a century of the congress,let 21st century be the century of the bjp.
he praised the bjp-ruled states and enumerated the economic failures of the upa government.
singh described the union budget as a budget of desperation.
singh held upa governments bad governance,recurrent corruption and gross mismanagement of the economy responsible and said the entire credibility of indian governance is in serious crisis at the global stage, prasad said.
the bjp chief also maintained that the very precarious gdp of india,which is nearly 5 per cent,is also substantially because of the over 10 per cent growth rate of bjp-ruled states.
b'ravi shankar prasad prasad at parliament ravishankarprasad prasad prasad at parliamentamid uproar over data breach at facebook, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad held discussions with senior ministry officials to explore steps to ensure that consumers data on social media is not misused to influence elections.
sources in the ministry said that the meeting held yesterday with top it ministry officials lasted for over two hours and deliberated the long-term solutions to address the issue.
the it ministry is looking into the issue of misuse of data, and exploring steps that can be taken to ensure protection of user information against misuse, without curbing the social media offtake in the country.
earlier this week, prasad had warned social media giant facebook of stringent action for any attempt to influence polls through data theft, and had even threatened to summon its ceo mark zuckerberg, if needed.
the warning came as bjp launched a scathing attack on the congress, questioning the party on its relation with cambridge analytica, the data mining firm accused of harvesting personal user data from facebook illegally to influence polls in several countries.
facebook, which has over two billion users globally, including over 200 million in india, had faced backlash on the data scandal issue, prompting zuckerberg to issue an apology for the major breach of trust, and promising to take steps to protect user data.
facebook has also tweaked its usage policy for third party apps, including login process, to ensure limited access to user information.
b'prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravishankarprasad prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file) prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravishankarprasad prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file)the union law ministry on thursday consented to the social justice ministrys proposal to challenge the supreme courts recent order on the scheduled caste and scheduled tribes atrocities (prevention) act, 1989, sources told the indian express.
the dalit mps in the nda have been mounting pressure on the government to file a review petition against the ruling.
the apex court, on march 20, observed instances of abuse of the act by vested interests for political or personal reasons.
in light of this, the sc laid down stringent safeguards, including provisions for anticipatory bail and a preliminary enquiry before registering a case under the act.
read | in uttar pradesh, a bjp dalit mp speaks up: we need to save constitution, bahujansto avoid false implication of an innocent, a preliminary enquiry may be conducted by the dsp concerned to find out whether the allegations make out a case under the atrocities act and that the allegations are not frivolous or motivated, ruled a bench of justices a k goel and u u lalit.
a delegation of dalit mps had met prime minister narendra modi wednesday to discuss the judgment and voice their concerns.
following the meeting, minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale had stated, the pm said the government is in the process of filing a review petition once the law ministry finishes studying the matter.
our government is doing the most work for welfare of dalits, unlike other governments who were all talk.
express explained | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showthe bjp has more than three dozen sc mps.
athawales republican party of india (a)  a bjp ally  meanwhile is filing its own review petition in the sc to challenge the judgment.
our lawyers feel we should take a stand as a party.
in the review petition, we will state that it was after detailed discussions in parliament that offences under this act were made non-bailable.
by diluting it, atrocities against dalits will increase, the dalit leader from maharashtra had said.
ravi shankar prasad.
ravi shankar prasad.
a day after chief justice j s khehar expressed concern over judicial work being affected by the shortage of judges, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday hoped that concerns regarding appointments and infrastructure would be addressed expeditiously.
i can tell you now that with the leadership of justice khehar as the new chief justice, we will be able to work together in a very meaningful way to address the concerns in judiciary, to expedite appointments, to ensure people of merit are appointed and also overall reinforce infrastructure needed for justice delivery, he said at a conference on judicial reforms here.
we have made 126 appointments, the highest since 1990, and in high courts about 131 additional judges have been confirmed, prasad said a day after justice khehar said the shortfall in the number of judges was affecting work in the apex court.
the minister said in terms of fundamental duties, justice delivery is integral to good governance.
therefore, justice delivery has to be faster, expeditious and also to be delivered in the spirit of integrity and accountability.
referring to his fight against emergency as a student activist, prasad said the government was led by those who had participated in that movement.
all of us were student activists who fought against emergency and we fought for three freedoms  of the individual, media and judicial freedom.
therefore, this government is led by leaders who have fought for freedom of judiciary, he said.
he was speaking at the conference which was also attended by former chief justice m n venkatachaliah, congress mp karan singh and former secretary of supreme court bar association ashok arora among other political, legal and economic experts.
maintaining that india was an undertaxed country, prasad said only 3.
7 crore people in the country pay tax.
money is needed to provide the army with best weapons for training, for startups, for healthcare and educational infrastructure.
do we not need the indian army to be well equipped with all the best weapons in training?
for this we need money, adding that money was also needed to fund start-ups in the country and best infrastructure in healthcare and educationin the kitty of the finance minister, there is hardly rs 4,70,000 crore for development, the rest are the standard part of the budget, the minister said.
speaking on the impact of demonetisation, he said data has come to us that terorism is down, hawala is down, supari killing is down.
but the most assuring part is that human trafficking and sex slavery is down in india as all the transaction for such crimes is in rs 500 and rs 1000 notes and has been badly hit by demonetisation.
the minister also highlighted the effects of technology in good governance, saying people living in remote areas are benefitting from it.
digital delivery is faster.
indians who are empowered by technology never have any inferority complex, he said.
a new india is emerging.
believe in this new india.
exercises like payments through aadhaar are game-changing when with the touch of your thumb payments will be done.
they are bringing a lot of equality.
a smart phone in hand is a tool of empowerment which gives a new confidence.
i am very hopeful that this change in india will be a very remarkable change, he claimed.
handed issues on a platter with the protests against the acquittal of congress leader sajjan kumar in the 1984 riots case and the arrest of railway minister pawan kumar bansals nephew in a bribery case,bharatiya janata party (bjp) on saturday held a public meeting and asked party workers to illuminate youths against the corrupt government.
with delhi assembly elections only months away,the meeting was organised to attack the congress government on the issues of corruption and development issues.
senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad,the chief guest at the event,said: i remember that the pm assured rajya sabha members that the perpetrators of the anti-sikh riots would be brought to justice and we all were hopeful.
but sajjan kumar was acquitted, prasad said while addressing party workers.
an issue highlighted in speeches made by prasad and delhi bjp chief vijay goel was corruption in the congress-led upa government and delhi government.
goels speech focussed on financial irregularities in commonwealth games,unfulfilled promises to give homes to the shelterless in rajiv ratan awas yojana and the issue of regularisation of unauthorised colonies.
prasad accused the centre of working through brokers.
the pm,who has remained ignorant of ministers wrongdoings,should now own up and resign.
we have heard that tenders of canteens were up for sale,but i did not know a respectable position such as a membership in the railway board too is up for sale.
in this case,a nephew of the railway minister is involved,which also amounts to abusing of power and bansal should be held accountable, he said.
prasad also mentioned the upcoming assembly elections at the end of his speech.
it is time that bjp came to power in delhi, he said.
former delhi bjp chief vijender gupta demanded that may 10,birthday of the delhi gangrape victim,be declared national women security day.
gupta said the matter will be placed before authorities soon.
b'if the bjp had actually lived up to its 2014 promises, there might have been that journey of hope and development, claimed by ravishankarprasad prasad.
(illustration: mithun chakraborty) if the bjp had actually lived up to its 2014 promises, there might have been that journey of hope and development, claimed by ravishankarprasad prasad.
(illustration: mithun chakraborty)if ravishankarprasad prasad (before and after four years, ie, may 26) cannot hear the bells tolling all the way from kairana to bhandara, he must be tone deaf.
ask not for whom the bell tolls, ravishankarprasad ji, it tolls for thee.
there have been two truths evident since 2014.
first, it was not the bjp that won that long ago lok sabha election; it was the opposition that lost it.
for, the upa alliance quietly and patiently stitched together in 2004 by sonia gandhi to bring down the vajpayee india shining government, and then carried forward for an entire decade, started unraveling in the latter days of upa-ii.
by the time 2014 came around, there was virtually no upa left.
narendra modi and his team moved into the political vacuum.
all it will take to get that vacuum vacated is for an alliance of non-bjp parties to again come together.
alwar, ajmer, gorakhpur, phulpur, bhandara and kairana have all shown that the opposition has only to hang together to stop being hanged separately.
there is no modi magic, no unbeatable oratorical charisma, and nothing in the record of the last four wasted years but lies, fibs and dodgy statistics.
therefore, the modi-shah duo are left struggling on the horns of the dilemma as to whether to save their fortresses of rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh by bringing forward the lok sabha elections to the winter of 2018 or keep to the may 2019 deadline, even if that means going into the election with the shame of defeat in these states hanging around their necks.
either way, the end of the modi regime has been signaled.
chand roz, meri jaan/faqt, chand hi roz.
the second clear truth is that it is not till the math is right that the chemistry will kick in.
an opposition destined to lose will stick to their individual identities to live to fight another day.
on the other hand, an opposition that sees victory on the horizon will, as in the past, work towards a common identity, a common agenda.
post karnataka, little doubt remains that opposition unity will determine the outcome of the next lok sabha election as decisively as disunity in upa ensured the wipe-out of 2014.
exactly a hundred years ago, the huge gap between an isolationist united states and a europe in disarray enabled germany in 1914 to launch its assault on the allies.
by 1918, the excesses of the kaisers men brought the us into europe and resulted in the crushing defeat of imperial germany.
by a fascinating coincidence, exactly a hundred years later, in 2014, modis bjp successfully assaulted a hopelessly divided opposition.
four years on, as in 1918 so in 2018, the forces sent reeling back have regrouped and launched the counter assault.
the allies humbled the germans on november 11, 1918.
it is entirely on the cards that if, in panic, modi-shah bring forward the next lok sabha elections to coincide with the clutch of coming state elections, november 11, 2018 might see a new indian prime minister being sworn in.
in up, the bjp won 71 of 80 seats in 2014 and then registered a massive victory in terms of the number of seats in 2017.
but in 2017, up had actually voted overwhelmingly against modi and his cohort, as revealed by the 22 per cent vote share of the bsp and the 27 per cent vote share of the sp, plus the contribution of the congress and the rjd.
taken together, these parties would have won well over half the vote and around two-thirds of the seats  thus finishing the bjp as decisively as the entry of the us into word war i in april 1917 spelt the end of the beginning and the beginning of the end for the germans.
the sp and bsp have now shown that they have learned that lesson.
ravi shankar prasad may trot out all the renamed schemes he likes and claim credit for his party for all of them, but the people have long realised that while the bjp is excellent at coining acronyms, it is only building marginally on the development legacy that the earlier congress and congress-led governments left for the country.
the most egregious example of such befooling of the public is modis claim to have electrified 100 per cent of the country when its well known that it is only the last 4.
6 per cent that have benefitted from modis largesse  95.
4 per cent having been accomplished before that dreadful summer day four years ago when modi was sworn in.
if the bjp had actually lived up to its 2014 promises  bringing back black money to the extent of rs 15 lakh per indian, ensuring farmers a healthy remuneration for farm produce; moving in the direction of doubling farm incomes, accelerating growth to the vicinity of double digits; genuinely promoting cooperative federalism, carrying all sections of society for the progress of all such as to end minority marginalisation and vulnerability, actually delivering on gandhis dream of swachh bharat, settling matters with pakistan and and bringing peace to kashmir  there might have been that journey of hope and development, claimed by ravishankarprasad prasad.
this could have given the bjp enough accretion of credibility to overcome the mathematics of opposition unity.
after all, jawaharlal nehrus good governance led to his increasing his vote share and seats in every successive general election he fought from 1952 to 1957 to 1962.
moreover, nehru reached out to his opponents to the point where one of the giants among them, hiren mukherjee, titled his biography of nehru, the gentle colossus.
modi believes he is a colossus but no one in the opposition wants him.
his arrogance has consolidated the opposition, which might have never happened had he respected and reached out to them as nehru did.
indeed, modi has so alienated such large swathes of the sangh parivar, especially by his disgraceful treatment of the veteran lal krishna advani, that even if his party would want the bjp to win, they would much rather that the modi nightmare ended.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath along with supreem court judge deepak mishra and law and justice and ministry of information technology minister of india ravishankarprasad prasad at inaugral session ofteli law menstring of legal aid through common centres uttar pradesh in lucknow on tuesday.
express photo uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath along with supreem court judge deepak mishra and law and justice and ministry of information technology minister of india ravishankarprasad prasad at inaugral session ofteli law menstring of legal aid through common centres uttar pradesh in lucknow on tuesday.
express photothe uttar pradesh cabinet on tuesday cleared a large number of proposals to mark the birth centenary celebrations of pandit deen dayal upadhyay, including distribution of 40 lakh led bulbs to bpl families and requesting the centre to rename mughalsarai railway station after the rss ideologue.
among other things, it has also been decided that a separate logo will be created in the name of upadhyay, which will be used by departments as well as ministers in their letterheads.
as per recommendations by the committee formed earlier under the chairmanship of deputy chief minister dinesh sharma, different departments have been given different tasks to mark the centenary year.
while the information department will organise a mega event at upadhyays birthplace nagla chandrabhan village in mathura, the place will also be developed as a tourist attraction.
the information department has been made the nodal agency for these events, which will also ensure that a three-day mela and exhibitions are organised in every district and development block, where cultural events, puppet shows etc will be showcased.
to ensure proper implementation of these events, a committee would be formed under respective district magistrates.
moreover, since upadhyay had died in mughalsarai, a proposal has been cleared to recommend to the centre that mugalsarai railway station be renamed after upadhyay and a memorial be constructed in his name.
both secondary and higher education departments would hold competitions to mark the year along with organising seminars, poster competitions and debates.
a proposal has also been cleared to declare one nagar panchayat in every district as pdt deen dayal adarsha nagar panchayat.
the forest department will undertake a special plantation drive till september 24 in upadhyays name.
the power department has proposed to a undertake rural electrification drive costing up to rs 6,946.
40 crore under the pt deen dayal upadhyay gram jyoti scheme.
under the scheme, 40 lakh bpl families will be given free led bulbs.
b'dubbing the 2-g spectrum issue as the mother of all scams,bjp president nitin gadkari today warned that the governments stubborn and confrontationist approach to the legitimate demand for a jpc probe will cost it dearly.
if the prime minister is so very confident that he is not guilty,why should he be so stubborn in opposing the legitimate demand of jpc?
this stubborness is reminiscent of the pre-emergency days.
bjp condemns this approach, gadkari said in his presidential address at the bjp national executive meet here,the first since the 2-g scam surfaced.
alleging that the huge loss to the exchequer due to this mother of all scams is almost equal to the budget outlay of some states,he warned the government that such a stubborn and confrontationist approach will cost the upa extremely dear.
it is the stubbornness that is to blame for the logjam in parliament.
not opposition,but the government is squarely responsible for this logjam, gadkari said,adding that the entire opposition was united on the issue and the sooner the government accepts our demand the better for all.
taking a dig at congress president sonia gandhi,he said,sermons,declaration of multi-point programmes and empty appeals to political functionaries who are your own appointees will make no impact.
his reference was obviously to the five-point plan of action against corruption announced by gandhi at the recent congress plenary in delhi.
seeking to make corruption as the biggest issue,he described the upa-ii government as a kingdom of corruption.
gadkari told the upa leadership that what was required was a series of credible measures starting with a firm commitment to punishing the guilty.
the rule of law is unambiguous.
with prima facie evidence in hand,the law enforcing agencies must file an fir.
they have to arrest and interrogate the suspect,collect evidence and file charge sheet within a stipulated time frame.
nobody knows why this has not happened, gadkari wondered.
the bjp president charged that the 20-month old rule of upa-ii has allowed every arena of governance to be exploited by scamsters.
taking a dig at the prime minister,he said,while looters were emptying the government coffers,manmohan singh was standing guard with his eyes closed and perhaps,hands tied.
these scams are some kind of a planned loot of national coffers.
incidentally,gadkari did not say anything on allegations of corruption levelled against the bjp government in karnataka,whose chief minister b s yeddyurappa was present on the occasion.
gadkaris comments clearly indicate that the bjp might intensify its demand for a jpc probe after telecom minister kapil sibal sought to dismiss as utterly erroneous the cag report,which spoke of a presumptive loss of rs 1.
76 lakh crore to the government due to allocation of the radiowaves.
bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad reacted sharply to the telecom ministers statements,saying,sibals unwarranted comments have sought to over-reach parliamentary process when the pac is looking into it.
he told reporters that it is a frontal attack on cag,designed to save (former telecom minister) a raja.
prasad replied in the negative to questions on whether gadkari referred in his address to actions of yeddyurappa,which the bjp chief had only recently dubbed as immoral but not illegal.
the karnataka chief minister,who is attending the conclave,has been accused by the opposition of making out of turn land allotments to his sons.
interestingly,there was no reference to the rashtriya ekta yatra from kolkata to srinagar by the partys youth wing,which plans to hoist the national flag at lal chowk on republic day.
it has created controversy with even nda convenor sharad yadav speaking against the idea.
with the national executive meeting for the first time after the allahabad high court verdict on ayodhya title suits,gadkari said,we are all happy over the historic ruling on ram janm bhoomi.
we have already welcomed the judgement and do hope that all sections of the society will now help make a grand ram mandir at ayodhya possible.
replying to questions,prasad denied suggestions that ayodhya will be an issue in the coming assembly elections in assam,which has a sizable minority population.
we do not relate the ram temple issue with elections, he said,when asked whether the bjp planned to give a walkover to the congress in assam by raising the temple issue.
b'police personnel carry out a flag march in ludhiana on sunday.
(express photo/gurmeet singh) police personnel carry out a flag march in ludhiana on sunday.
(express photo/gurmeet singh)the call for an all-india bandh on monday by various dalit organisations, to protest against the supreme courts order banning automatic arrest and registration of cases for alleged harassment of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, has put the punjab government on toes as the 32  of the states population consists of scs.
the captain amarinder singh-led state government announced that all public transport services would be temporarily suspended for the day.
educational institutions will remain closed and mobile internet services will be suspended in the state.
while the cbse exams will continue at selected centres, pseb practical exams will be rescheduled.
a large contingent of police force has been deployed at various parts of the state and the army has also been roped in.
punjab chief secy karan a singh, in a letter to the secretary, dept of defence, said, army in punjab to remain ready for any eventuality as state govt may need their assistance in maintaining law and order, reported ani.
the state government has also ordered the suspension of services on the mobile internet (2g/3g,4g/dcma), besides all sms services and dongle services provided on mobile networks, except voice calls from 5 pm today until 11 pm tomorrow, an official said.
chief minister amarinder singh has appealed to the dalit community to maintain peace and harmony in the state.
noting punjab had the highest population of scheduled castes in the country, constituting nearly 32 percent of states population, a statement issued from the cms office, said that his government accords the highest priority to ensure their all-round welfare and committed to safeguard their interests.
read | sc/st atrocities act protests: educational institutions in punjab to remain shut, public transport suspended tomorrowmeanwhile in mumbai, protestors had earlier said that a symbolic march would be carried out from dadars kotwal udyan to chaityabhoomi on the day of the bandh.
why are the dalits protesting?
the apex courts verdict is seen as diluting the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989, which protects the marginalised communities against discrimination and atrocities.
the order has sparked fears that it would lead to increased discrimination against the sts and scs.
contending that there was a rising sense of insecurity among dalits and other backward classes after the apex court verdict, various dalit outfits joined hands on saturday to raise a call for a bharat bandh on april 2.
on friday, representatives of the outfits who have declared support to the protest met in dadar to discuss plans for the protest.
the protesting groups argued that a decision to hold the bharat bandh had been taken after the bjp-led government did not respond to the demand for seeking a review of the sc judgment.
supporters of the bandhpolitical outfits  the prakash ambedkar-led bharip bahujan mahasangh, the peasants and workers party, the janata dal, and the communist party of india  and left-backed unions including the centre of indian trade unions have come out in support of the protest.
the rashtriya seva dal, the jati aant sangharsh samiti, the sanvidhan sanvardhan samiti, and national dalit movement for justice, among others have also joined the protest.
the indian national congress has also decided to extend its support to the protest against the apex court verdict.
review petition in courtin its review petition to be filed in the top court on monday, the ministry of social justice and empowerment is likely to say that the sc order will weaken the provisions of the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989, sources in the government said.
the ministry could also plead that the latest order would reduce the fear of law and may result in more violations, the sources said.
the review petition against the judgement will be filed positively tomorrow, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on sunday.
a delegation of ndas sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, had last week met prime minister narendra modi to discuss the apex courts judgment diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
mr gehlot recently wrote to mr prasad about a review plea against the supreme court verdict.
he noted that there were concerns that the order would make the law ineffective and adversely impact dispensation of justice to dalits and tribals.
we are looking for ideas from thought leaders to make india an usd 1 trillion digital economy, said minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti photo we are looking for ideas from thought leaders to make india an usd 1 trillion digital economy, said minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
pti photothe it ministry will discuss with industry leaders on june 16 ways to expedite formulation of a roadmap to make india a usd 1 trillion digital economy as soon as possible besides planning the next phase of growth.
the ministry has received confirmation from about 20 leaders including infosys co-founder s gopalakrishnan, wipro chief strategy officer rishad premji, nasscom president r chandrasekhar, niit group chairman rajendra powar, flipkart founder sachin bansal, lava cmd hari om rai, google india vp rajan anandan and tech mahindra ceo cp gurnani.
we are looking for ideas from thought leaders to make india an usd 1 trillion digital economy as soon as we can by empowering people at the bottom of the pyramid.
usd 1 trillion is not the limit but a milestone, ministry of electronics and it additional secretary ajay kumar told reporters here.
he said that at present india is around usd 450 billion digital economy and at existing growth rate it is expected to be usd 1 trillion in next 7 years.
as of now, the indian electronics market is estimated to be around usd 100 billion, it sector usd 150 billion, telecom usd 150 billion, e-commerce usd 30-40 billion and rest is estimated to be size of shared economy like taxi hailing services, start-ups etc.
we have called representatives from all segments of digital economy.
based on suggestion and outcome, we are open to create a working group that will come up with policy prescription for things that are relevant for indian environment.
there will be special focus on development of economically weaker section, kumar said.
the it ministry will look to bring in improvement in areas like use of technology is agriculture, education, healthcare etc.
the meeting will be chaired by law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, he said.
b'goa chief minister manohar parrikar.
express photo by prem nath pandey.
goa chief minister manohar parrikar.
express photo by prem nath pandey.
in a video message issued by his office monday evening, goa chief minister manohar parrikar thanked goans for their prayers and sought absence for his treatment.
i thank you goans.
for the last fortnight, you prayed, and because of your blessings, i have recovered now and am heading to mumbai.
if doctors advise, then i may be go abroad for full recovery to cure my ailment.
i hope you continue to bless me, and also allow me to take a few days holidays, parrikar said in the message.
the chief ministers office has said in a statement that he would continue his treatment at lilavati hospital in mumbai and based on doctors advice will travel overseas for further treatment.
parrikar chaired a meeting monday morning where the governments administrative functioning in his absence was discussed.
for the next six weeks, parrikar will attend cabinet meetings through video conferencing, said officials.
for now, a three-member committee has been decided upon.
every ministrys fund allocation comes to the cm for approval.
it will have francis d souza (bjp), and allies sudin dhavalikar (mgp) and vijai sardesai (goa forward) taking crucial decisions, where funds need to be allocated, confirmed a official from cmo.
on monday, the cm left in a private chartered flight and was admitted to lilavati hospital in the evening.
according to chief operating officer dr ravishankarprasad , he underwent few tests and a detailed check-up.
he is stable.
we are yet to decide future line of action, including whether he will travel abroad for further treatment, he said.
message to the people from chief minister @manoharparrikar pic.
twitter.com/atjndi5sqh  cmo goa (@goacm) march 5, 2018party sources confirmed monday that the family is in touch with doctors in the us and the cm is expected to leave soon.
the final dates will be decided by the lilavati team as they have narrowed down on a good medical care facility in us, said a senior bjp leader.
parrikar holds important portfolios like industry, education, environment and forest, finance, home, and before he left on a medical leave, he appointed a administrative team of bureaucrats to look at the functioning of cmo.
bjp sources said files of all ministries will come to the ministers committee.
the committee will look into proposals and will have temporary powers to sanction any work order upto rs 5 crore.
all reports will be updated to the cm weekly, said an official.
in a press briefing soon after the cm left for mumbai, state congress chief shantaram naik said the conduct of cabinet meetings through video conferencing was not acceptable.
we wish him well but the cm should come out with a clear statement on his health.
the current arrangement is unconstitutional, naik said.
b'all of these cases  four appointments and one transfer  relate to the delhi high court, which is perceived in the legal fraternity as one of the most sought-after assignments for judgeship in the country.
(file photo) all of these cases  four appointments and one transfer  relate to the delhi high court, which is perceived in the legal fraternity as one of the most sought-after assignments for judgeship in the country.
(file photo)even as the government and the supreme court collegium continue to differ on how to reform the current procedure of judicial appointments, five names recommended for appointment and transfer are learnt to have left the government perplexed.
significantly, all of these cases  four appointments and one transfer  relate to the delhi high court, which is perceived in the legal fraternity as one of the most sought-after assignments for judgeship in the country.
of the four cases of appointment as judges in the delhi high court, recommended by the collegium over three months ago, the government has felt constrained to send three for a double-check by the intelligence bureau (ib).
under the existing memorandum of procedure (mop), it is the norm to send names of candidates to the ib for a check on background and credentials.
but this time, the government, as an exceptional measure, sent three names of lawyers to the ib for a second time after the bureaus first report baffled the ministry.
in its first report, the ib is learnt to have left the column on integrity blank in the case of one candidate, a woman lawyer.
in the second case, the ib said that the lawyer had not argued any major case, and that the candidate perhaps had no track record to show.
in the third case, the ib is learnt to have said, the candidate lawyer lived with his brother, whose name had reportedly surfaced in the essar tapes.
in the last week of july, the ministry sent these names back to the ib for a clarification.
this time, the bureau said that although there was a public perception that the integrity of two of the three lawyers was not above board, there was nothing to substantiate this perception.
but it stood firm regarding the third name  and maintained this lawyer had not independently argued any major case either in the supreme court or in the high courts.
the law ministry has received the second ib report, and is mulling its options pending finalisation of the new mop.
the fourth case of appointment pertains to a sitting judge of the delhi district courts.
his recommendation was stalled by the high court collegium in november 2014 after a preliminary inquiry was launched against him and around 300 other trial court judges over alleged financial misdemeanour in purchasing electronic items, particularly laptops.
the inquiry was conducted by justice b d ahmed of the delhi high court, and he submitted his report to the full court  comprising all judges of the high court  in may this year.
in a letter dated june 4, delhi high court informed chief justice of india t s thakur that the inquiry had been completed, and that the full court by a majority had decided that no action was warranted against this district judge.
subsequently, on july 15, the cji wrote to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, asking him to revive the proposal made for elevating this candidate as a judge in the delhi high court.
the proposal dated october 15, 2014 be revived and processed expeditiously, read the cjis letter, which also informed prasad that the decision had been taken by the supreme court collegium a day earlier.
sources in the law ministry told the indian express that basic issues of procedural compliance have cropped up in clearing this name because the proposal should have come from the high court collegium.
convention also required that a report be sought from the ib about this district judges service record and credentials between 2014 and july 2016.
this file is, therefore, currently stuck.
the fifth case relates to the transfer of a delhi high court judge.
the supreme court collegium, headed by the cji, had recommended the transfer in february this year but the decision is yet to be given effect.
it is learnt that the file is with the prime ministers office, and the law ministry is awaiting its return with specific instructions.
hearing a pil on issues of judicial appointments and shortage of judges, a bench led by the cji had on august 12 asked attorney general mukul rohatgi what had held up the transfer, and warned that the judges judicial work may be withdrawn if the government did not move him out.
chief justice thakur had also questioned the government over the sense of mistrust, and warned that the judiciary would be forced to interfere to break the deadlock on judicial appointments.
rohatgi had sought six weeks to come back with instructions.
many ministers and mlas are unhappy with yogi adityanath as he does not bother to interact with them and their wings have been clipped.
many ministers and mlas are unhappy with yogi adityanath as he does not bother to interact with them and their wings have been clipped.
ostrich attitudein parliament, bjp president amit shah appeared chipper and confident despite his partys setbacks in the recently held bypolls.
he breezily remarked that while the bjp has just won eight states, the media was focusing merely on eight by-elections.
the bjp may dismiss the uttar pradesh results as an aberration and the result of the arithmetic of the sp-bsp alliance, but there are clear indications that the partys own cadre is unhappy.
in phulpur and gorakhpur, it needs to analyse not just who came to vote, but who did not.
in gorakhpur city, yogi adityanaths pocket borough, the turnout was a mere 37 per cent.
in allahabad north, the bjp stronghold in phulpur, the turnout was 20 per cent.
many ministers and mlas are unhappy with yogi adityanath as he does not bother to interact with them and their wings have been clipped.
the mlas are resentful that their traditional powers have been taken away from them, whether it is giving instructions to the police or control over permits and quotas.
in the bargain, they are unable to keep the partys support base happy.
adityanath, accustomed to running his mutt as a one-man show, has little experience in running a political party or a government, they grumble.
uncle sampriyanka gandhi may not have figured prominently at the congress plenary session, but behind the scenes, she played an active role in organisational matters.
a perfectionist, priyanka even took interest in trying to control the mosquitoes that swarmed all over the indira gandhi indoor stadium in delhi.
she supervised the fumigation and cleaning up of the venue.
however, the mosquito menace could not be fully tackled.
several new concepts in the programme also had priyankas touch.
some congresspersons claimed that it was at her behest that the revolutionary decision was taken to do away with the partys century-old tradition of placing chairs and bolsters for a select few on stage.
this time the dais was reserved only for the person speaking.
that way, there was no heartburn among leaders.
others, however, say it was sam pitroda who first mooted the idea, inspired by the us democratic party convention.
the eye-catching lighting, using the indian flag colours, the sound effects and the music between speeches, all seem to have been modelled on american political conventions.
similar messageson the day of the bjps defeat in the two by-elections in uttar pradesh, the twitter feeds of none of the partys top leaders made any reference to the poll debacle or on the need for introspection.
instead, amit shah, dharmendra pradhan, piyush goyal, nirmala sitharaman, sarbananda sonowal, suresh prabhu, ravishankarprasad prasad, ananth kumar, sambit patra and many others focused on condoling the death of iconic scientist stephen hawking.
the similarity in the wording of the condolence messages also led to the speculation that there was a party diktat on sending out the messages on hawking and not the bypolls.
for instance, the line understanding of the universe while referring to hawking found a mention in almost all of the bjp leaders tweets.
reality bitesrahul gandhi called on ncp president sharad pawar at his daughter supriya sules residence in delhi, to discuss a possible electoral alliance for maharashtra.
this displeased some maharashtra congress leaders who felt that they were not consulted and that pawar should have called on rahul.
they pointed out that rahuls predecessors as congress president, sonia and rajiv, made it a matter of prestige and always met opposition leaders on their own terms, except in the case of jayalalithaa.
the congress leaders need a reality check on the partys debilitated state.
for instance, unlike the bsp, the congress did not agree to support the samajwadi party in the two up bypolls.
talks with akhilesh yadav broke down because the congress insisted that it be allowed to contest in one of the two seats.
eventually the congress lost its deposit in both gorakhpur and phulpur.
mayawatis termsafter gorakhpur and phulpur, mayawati is contemplating taking akhileshs help to fight the kairana lok sabha bypoll in uttar pradesh.
though mayawati does not normally contest by-elections, she wants to make an exception in this case as both the sp and bsp have strong pockets of influence in the constituency.
the increasing bonhomie between the sp and bsp, however, is not helping the congress.
mayawati insists that any tie-up with the congress cannot be restricted to just up, madhya pradesh and rajasthan, but must extend across the country.
something that the congress is unwilling to concede.
b'defence minister nirmala sitharaman countered the charges levelled by congress president rahul gandhi.
(express) defence minister nirmala sitharaman countered the charges levelled by congress president rahul gandhi.
(express)hitting back at congress president rahul gandhi for calling amit shah a man accused of murder, defence minister and bjp leader nirmala sitharaman on sunday termed allegations against her partys chief as a false, motivated campaign by the grand old party and insisted that shah has been cleared of all charges by the court.
giving a point-by-point rebuttal of gandhis speech, senior bjp leader and defence minister nirmala sitharaman termed his address as the rhetoric of a loser and devoid of substance.
astonishing that congress president chooses to name bjp president amit shah and says he is a murder accused.
he has been cleared by a court.
this is a fake and false motivated campaign by someone who is out on bail on criminal conspiracy of fraud in national herald case, sitharaman said while addressing a press conference.
earlier in the day, the gandhi scion took a veiled dig at bjp chief amit shah over the ishrat jehan and justice loya case and said people accepted a murder accused as the bjp president while they would not have done so if it was the congress chief.
they will accept a man accused of murder as the president of the bjp, but they will never ever accept the same in the congress because they hold congress in the highest regard, rahul said.
the party which questioned the fundamental existence of shri ram today wants to identify itself with pandavas, sitharaman said on gandhis remarks that the bjp was like kauravas who fought for power, and congress like pandavas, which fights for truth.
slamming the congress leadership, sitharaman called the congress mahamanthan a fakery which resulted in nothing.
meanwhile, bjps prakash javadekar, demanding apology from congress said, rahul gandhis speech was a low, in the history of speeches made by the congress.
he has accused bjp for the things for which the congress should apologise.
theyve done the worst kind of genocide for sikhs & justified it.
aicc plenary session day 3 highlightsthe congress president, in a scathing attack on pm narendra modi, had said that the name modi symbolises the collusion between indias biggest crony capitalists and the prime minister of india.
sitharaman, in a rebuttal, said, if we go by the same count, the congress president shares the name of the father of the nation when he is out on a bail.
does that impact the value of mahatma gandhi, because of just name-sharing.
is this how the president of a national party speaks about the pm, a man who has led the country with a clean government.
sitharaman question congress ideology and said, they seem to be supporting desh ko tukde tukde karenge band of people, the congress president went to jnu to stand with separatists and their friends.
meanwhile, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, rahul gandhis rant was shameful.
the way he spoke of the judiciary was irresponsible.
earlier in the day, congress had slammed the government on the issue of employment, farm distress and gdp, former finance minister p chidambaram targeting the government said, the modi government inherited a strong economy.
the task of development has to be continued by upcoming generations.
however, today, the indian economy is decoupled from the world economy which is growing.
however, the bjp said that it is a fight between the 48-year misrule of congress v/s the 48 months of clean administration and welfare of people by bjp.
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadamid demands to lift ban on bull taming sport of jallikattu, the government on friday said it is making efforts to bring out a legal solution at the earliest.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here that the narendra modi government respects the culture of tamil nadu and is mindful of the sentiments expressed by the people in the state through a peaceful protest.
efforts are on to bring out a legal solution at the earliest  i along with environment minister anil dave and attorney general (mukul rohatgi) have discussed the issue.
we have also talked to bjp president amit shah, he told reporters here refusing to elaborate whether the state government would come up with an ordinance on the issue.
prasad also hit out at the previous upa government for challenging the law on jallikattu of the tamil nadu government after the matter was flagged by the animal welfare board and termed it as a legacy issue for the present government.
asked whether a legislation was the right way as it would set a precedent and people would demand revocation of ban on other similar sport, he said legislation is the felt need of the society.
in a bid to defuse the swelling street protests, tamil nadu government on friday said it will issue an ordinance to ensure the conduct of jallikattu sport in a day or two and has submitted a draft of it to the union home ministry.
after discussions with prime minister narendra modi and consultations with legal experts, tamil nadu chief minister o panneerselvam announced this morning that the state government will amend a central act on prevention of cruelty to animals to allow conduct of jallikattu in the state with centres backing.
at the express adda in mumbai, wednesday.
(express photo) at the express adda in mumbai, wednesday.
(express photo)union minister for communications and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday asserted that the government is not using the amended provisions of the information technology act as a tool to gag free speech or curtail freedom of expression online.
speaking at the express adda in mumbai, prasad said, we, who are in public life, should learn to enjoy humour, cartoon and fun.
it is part of public life.
but having said that, i must reiterate that on the issue of terrorism, extremism and communal violence, authorities need to intervene to avoid very serious situations.
prasad also defended minister of state sanjeev balyan, who has demanded a probe to find out who all consumed the cow meat that was allegedly found outside the house of mohammad akhlaq, who was lynched over suspicion of cow slaughter and beef consumption eight months ago in dadris bisara village.
watch video: whats making newsi dont think he (balyan) has joined the clamour (for a case against akhlaqs family for alleged cow slaughter).
he is a local mp of the adjoining part, maybe he would have made some commenthe has not joined any protest there per se, said prasad.
balyan had made the demand after a forensic test confirmed that the meat sample recovered from outside akhlaqs house belonged to cow or its progeny.
right from the prime minister to everyone, we have condemned what happened in dadri and we stand very firmly.
but the issue had to be handled as a law and order (one) by the state government.
the failure of the state government of mulayam singh and akhilesh cannot be passed on to us, said prasad.
on setting up payments bank by the department of posts, prasad said at least fifty 50 national and international consortiums have shown interest in partnering with the postal department.
the government is planning to launch 650 branches of payments bank of the post by september 2017, which, according to the minister, will help in financial inclusion of those without bank accounts.
it will be a great platform for financial inclusion in the rural hinterland.
we just got the approval and barclays of london, deutsche bank of germany, citibank, world bank, all are keen to partner with us, said prasad.
interestingly, three out of 11 applicants who were given in-principle approval to set up payments banks by the rbi in august 2015 have pulled out of the race.
prasad said the ambitious bharatnet project of the government may be delayed even as the government has laid 1.
20 lakh km of optical fibres in the country in the last two years.
the bharatnet project, earlier known as the national optical fibre network, was initiated in 2011 and has already missed several deadlines.
the project was to provide broadband connectivity to over 2 lakh gram panchayats.
it aims to leverage the existing fibre optical network of central utilities  bsnl, railtel and power grid  and lay incremental fibre wherever necessary to bridge the connectivity gap between panchayats and blocks.
bharat broadband network ltd, a special purpose vehicle, was created under the companies act of 1956 for execution of the project.
b'dalit activists protesting during countrywide bharat bandh against the recent judgment by the supreme court on the sc & st (prevention) atrocity act 1989, in ludhiana on monday.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file) dalit activists protesting during countrywide bharat bandh against the recent judgment by the supreme court on the sc & st (prevention) atrocity act 1989, in ludhiana on monday.
(express photo by gurmeet singh/file)the bjp on tuesday accused the congress of fuelling tensions in the society with an eye on elections and urged the opposition party to tell people what it had done for the dalits during its long rule at the centre.
with the opposition accusing the ruling party of being anti-dalit, several bjp leaders, including many of its dalit faces, compared the modi governments works for the development of the community with the alleged neglect of their interests by the congress.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad also rejected as unfounded the oppositions charge that the government delayed the filing of a review plea in the supreme court against its order on a law on atrocities against dalits.
he stated that the court was closed for six days after the verdict was delivered on march 20.
the review was filed yesterday.
where is the delay?
and let me ask rahul gandhi that did he appeal for peace and clam yesterday?
he said, targeting the congress president.
there is tension in the country and the congress is trying to fuel it, he said.
prasad also alluded that the opposition may have abetted violence during yesterdays bharat bandh, pointing out that the bjp-ruled states were the worst hit.
the surrounding circumstances were too suspicious, he said.
social justice and empowerment minister thavarchand gehlot attacked gandhi for his jibe that the bjps dna was anti-dalit.
history suggests that it is the congress which is anti-dalit and treated them like a vote bank.
rahul gandhi should answer as to what he or his party has done for them.
you are trying to make political benefit by fuelling tensions in society but it is not good.
you are doing so with an eye on elections, he said.
gehlot noted that the first bjp-led nda government had amended the constitution to restore benefits for dalits that were done away with following a court order and added that the modi government made the atrocities law more stringent with an amendment in 2016.
the government celebrated the 125 birth anniversary of b r ambedkar with year-long events and developed five places, including where he was born and died, associated with him like pilgrimage places, he said.
prime minister narendra modi will inaugurate one such centre, where the dalit icon breathed his last, in mumbai on april 13, a day before his birth anniversary, gehlot said, adding that it has been developed at a cost of rs 100 crore.
the government has developed ambedkar international centre in delhi with a cost of rs 195 crore, he said.
dalits have been a main target of the governments welfare and development schemes, he said.
it has taken steps for social equity and empowering dalits, and has also focussed on their overall development, he said.
minister of state for water resources arjun ram meghwal also expressed similar views.
he accused opposition parties of trying to mislead people.
it is condemnable that the congress and the other opposition parties are circulating unfounded, baseless and illogical (information) to gain political mileage in the wake of the supreme court decision relating to the sc/st atrocities act, meghwal said.
b'digvijay singh digvijay singhon saturday, when congress general secretary digvijaya singh appeared before a bhopal court in connection with an alleged recruitment scam during his tenure as the madhya pradesh chief minister between 1993 and 2003, he had decided not to approach the high court for bail.
while his lawyers tried to persuade him, singh told them he would go to jail.
that was averted, however, as the court, which had issued a non-bailable arrest warrant against him on friday, granted bail on its own.
but had that not happened, singh would have spent his birthday, february 28, in jail.
his lawyer, senior advocate vivek tankha, ensured he got to celebrate the occasion with his family.
fbs bengal cornerit is supposed to be unrelated to the impending assembly elections in west bengal, but questions are bound to be raised, as facebook organises a unique essay competition, bengal write ahead, which got under way on saturday.
the foundation was apparently laid during trinamool congress mp derek obriens meeting with facebook ceo mark zuckerberg.
as part of the competition, 500-word write-ups can be submitted in bengali and english, 10 of which will be awarded rs 10,000 and 50 published in a compendium brought out by rupa publications.
touching gestureunion parliamentary affairs minister m venkaiah naidu recently held a public reception for the newly married son and daughter-in-law of parliamentary affairs secretary afzal amanullah.
naidu could not attend the wedding in kolkata, and invited around 60 people for the reception held at his residence.
among the invitees were his ministerial colleagues rajnath singh, arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad and najma heptulla.
naidu even made the couple garland each other with a garland made of cardamoms.
amanullah was touched by the gesture, and officials say no cabinet minister has ever done something like this for an officer.
in the darkrailways minister suresh prabhus rail budget has taken even many bureaucrats in rail bhawan by surprise.
a day after the budget, officials were seen either asking around and wondering about the various new budget initiatives related to their directorates.
turns out that the officials, who will ultimately implement some of the initiatives, had a sense of disconnect  many said they had no clue about them, and are at a loss.
they are now awaiting instructions on how to go about implementing them.
roznama khabrein, in its editorial on the same day, writes: the ruling party is now completely intoxicated by its position in power.
it thinks that the people are fools and only the pride of being hindu is enough for them.
roznama khabrein, in its editorial on the same day, writes: the ruling party is now completely intoxicated by its position in power.
it thinks that the people are fools and only the pride of being hindu is enough for them.
commenting on the defeat of the bjp in the recent by-elections to the lok sabha in up and bihar, siasat, in its editorial on march 16, writes: in the constituencies of gorakhpur and phulpur in uttar pradesh, the previous results had indicated that it would not be easy to beat the bjp.
some sections considered a bjp defeat in gorakhpur almost impossible.
but a decision by bsp chief mayawati made the almost impossible feat possible.
in a way, this result worked to raise the morale of anti-bjp parties for the lok sabha elections in 2019.
those parties that are actually concerned about the future of secularism in the country and do not want that communalists and fascists should make efforts for a wider national unity, making the contest against the bjp in the 2019 elections easier.
roznama khabrein, in its editorial on the same day, writes: the ruling party is now completely intoxicated by its position in power.
it thinks that the people are fools and only the pride of being hindu is enough for them.
certainly, this fact can be used by its opponents to enthuse people, create unity among them and bring together different casteswill the opposition parties learn any lessons from their recent victories and avoid the mistake of becoming over-confident like the bjp, something that yogi adityanath lamented about soon after his partys defeat in gorakhpur?
in the aftermath of the rajya sabha defeat of the bsp candidate, inquilab, in an editorial on march 25 notes: up cm yogi adityanath and other bjp leaders who had thought that the defeat of the bsp candidate due to cross-voting would create a crack in the alliance, got a rude shock.
bsp leader satish mishra, and then mayawati herself, said publicly that the defeat would have no bearing on the alliance and the objective was to defeat the bjp.
data leakcommenting on the controversy on data leak connected with the work of cambridge analytica (ca), inquilab, in its editorial on march 27, writes: the war of words is going on between the bjp and congress because the former feels that the congress has started making effective use of social media and other platforms, has adversely affected bjps ability to spread untruths and falsehoods before the people.
it was the bjp that started the war of words around ca.
roznama khabrein in a commentary on march 25 writes: it minister ravishankarprasad prasad should have stated if the government has ever filed a case against google and facebook or revealed their unfair practises.
the eu had imposed a fine of  24 billion on google in june 2017 because it was establishing its dominance through incorrect means.
if the government has a stirring case against facebook, can it say what cases it has unearthed about theft of peoples personal details?
right to diecommenting on the supreme court judgment on euthanasia, aimims etemaad, in its editorial on march 10, writes: life and death are not under the control of human beings.
in different faiths, deaths are natural, that is, given by god.
deaths in accidents and wars are unnatural, but they too are beyond human control.
and, to desire for death, or embracing death by oneself is called suicide that is forbidden (haraam) in islam.
such deaths have been declared illegal in all muslim countries.
the roman catholic church and the orthodox church are strong opponents of such deaths.
editor of inquilab, shakeel shamsi, in his signed column on march 11, writes: the supreme courts judgement compels a common man to think why, when a persons life has ended, should he be kept alive with the help of medicines and scientific tools?
therefore, the supreme courts judgement is not speaking about giving death to anybody.
instead, it is prohibiting keeping one alive forcibly.
rashtriya sahara, in its editorial on march 11, warns: in the light of the supreme courts judgment it would be extremely difficult to stop misuse of euthanasia (despite the proposed mechanisms of living will etc, propounded by the court).
the best courts can also commit mistakes.
people can present false witnesses and an innocent person can die.
farmers marchmunsif, in its editorial on march 14, writes: looking at the massive rally of farmers, the maharashtra government found it convenient to accept their demands even before its culmination it should be noted that among the most important demands of the farmers were waiving off their debts and transfer of ownership of lands cultivated by tribal farmers in this connection, the government made an announcement about the formation of a committee to inquire about the period for which such farmers have been cultivating those forest lands.
the government has decided to transfer the forest lands that are under cultivation by a tribal farmer from a time prior to 2005 to the farmer concernedin the past, the central government announced a special package for farmers of vidarbha and other areas of maharashtra and the present government too had announced a scheme for waiving off the debts of farmers.
despite this, there has been no improvement in the condition of farmers in such a situation, all that can be said is that the actual benefits of such schemes are not reaching those that deserve them.
if it is so, it is a failure of the government.
b'personnel matters*this refers to the report,its all in the family: 146 mps employ relatives as their personal assistants (ie,may 15).
the report is an eye-opener.
although it is not in violation of any law,i entirely agree with subhash c. kashyap,former secretary general of the lok sabha,that it is an ethical issue.
it should be taken up either by the ethics committee or by the presiding officers of the two houses.
this seems to be a long-running practice,though nobody has tried to point it out.
the bjp has 38 mps involved in this practice.
its spokesperson,ravi shankar prasad,is aware of the problem.
he should do something to stop it and lead the way for the other parties.
yash p. verma punefighting cancer* actress angelina jolie deserves applause for going through a double mastectomy when she learnt that she carried a gene that made it likely she would get breast cancer.
it is one of the biggest killer diseases among women and jolies popularity should be used to spread awareness about cancer.
perhaps she should be made global ambassador for such a project.
preventive checks are the need of the hour and spreading knowledge about the disease can help women stall it in the initial stages.
s.n. kabra mumbaiprobe this* this refers to the editorial out of court (ie,may 15).
our constitution and the idea of democracy assure an impartial government that works to protect peoples common rights and fights against corruption.
but governments and ruling parties are different entities.
in reality,the government is busy trying to please the ruling party because those in government want to strengthen their position in the party.
so our experience has been that governments intentionally use the cbi and stateinvestigation agencies to their own ends,instigating them to focus on scams involvingmembers of the opposition.
if all institutions are politically motivated,people will notforgive them.
the recent mandate in karnataka reflects peoples anger against acorrupt government.
uttam k. bhowmik tamlukmore than words*apropos the report nawaz sharif set for third term as pakistan pm (ie,may 13),pakistan has never been able to sustain democracy for long.
peace in the subcontinent has been under serious threat because of an unstable pakistan.
sharifs return to power seems to indicate that the desire for democracy is genuinely felt there.
pakistan has long awaited a statesman like sharif,someone who has the imagination to foresee afuture in which india is not its eternal antagonist.
pakistans yes we can moment,and sharifs statement that hewould not allow terror against india bred on pakistan soil,give india genuine reasons to be pleased.
these reassurances must not be treated as mere words.
they should be taken as a positive step that couldnormalise ties between thetwo countries.
union ministers prakash javadekar, ravishankarprasad prasad and harsh vardhan at an iftaar party hosted by minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi in new delhi wednesday.
renuka puri union ministers prakash javadekar, ravishankarprasad prasad and harsh vardhan at an iftaar party hosted by minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi in new delhi wednesday.
renuka purihaving shunned iftaars for four years of the narendra modi government, the bjp waded into it on wednesday, with minority affairs and parliamentary affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi hosting one for muslim women.
among the guests were a few victims of triple talaq  and not all of them were in favour of the law banning instant triple talaq, the bjps showpiece legislation for the welfare of muslim women.
several cabinet ministers attended the event, among them home minister rajnath singh, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, hrd minister prakash javadekar, textiles minister smriti irani, environment minister harsh vardhan, and external affairs mos m j akbar.
asked why the bjp has succumbed to iftaar politics, naqvi said: this is not a political iftaar  it is about making muslim women feel empowered.
theirs is political engineering, ours in social engineering.
the reference was to the iftaar being hosted by congress president rahul gandhi a few kilometres away at a plush hotel.
also read: top opposition leaders skip rahuls first iftaar as congress presidentnaqvi said his ministry is now planning to hold women-only progress panchayats in minority areas.
progress panchayats are an outreach initiative of the nda government for muslims in which the minister travels to areas with a considerable minority presence to discuss local development issues.
also present at the event was moina benazir, the first woman officer who will be sent to saudi arabia this year for the management of indian haj pilgrims.
an integrated financial adviser at the defence accounts office, benazir had applied for the job and has been selected.
while happy at being selected, she said, there will also be a lot of work.
she leaves later this month.
among muslim women brought by the mantris at local bjp offices were yasmin and nayra.
both had been given instant triple talaq and, as the more articulate women in the guest list, voiced their concerns about development issues for the community such as education and employment.
yasmin still breaks into tears talking about the time her husband left her and their two children.
he left one fine dayhe said the words (talaq talaq talaq) himself, and also later conveyed them through his mother, she said.
what is the point of a (new) law?
the men need to understand the implications of what they do  a law will not help.
since her talaq  instant triple talaq  nayra is working at selling of ladies goods, but she does not make enough money to give an education to all her four children.
two of them go to school, because my mother pays (their school fees).
the other two do not go to school, she said.
nayra said the law banning instant triple talaq will make a difference because it would give some time for reconciliation.
men would not just walk out of marriageslike it happened in my case, she said.
naqvi said that the bjp-led government had made it possible for women to go for haj without a male companion.
b'cambridge analytica-facebook row: bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said the number of gandhis twitter followers had shot up recently and wondered if it was due to the services of the firm that he achieved this fake popularity.
cambridge analytica-facebook row: bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said the number of gandhis twitter followers had shot up recently and wondered if it was due to the services of the firm that he achieved this fake popularity.
in the wake of the cambridge analytica scandal, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday questioned links between the congress and the data mining firm, which is at the centre of controversy in the united states and britain after being accused of harvesting personal information from facebook illegally to influence polls in several countries.
citing media reports about the congress plan to use the firms service for next years lok sabha elections, prasad, the law and it minister, called upon rahul gandhi to explain the companys role in his social media outreach.
the bjp leader said the number of gandhis twitter followers had shot up recently and wondered if it was due to the services of the firm that he achieved this fake popularity.
will the congress now depend on data manipulation and theft to woo voters?
prasad asked.
he said the firm has been accused of using sex, sleaze and fake news to influence elections and asked if the congress too plans to walk the same path.
read | strong action will be taken if facebook tries to influence electoral process in india: ravishankarprasad prasadthe congress must explain if it has engaged in data trade with cambridge analytica, he said, questioning the opposition partys silence despite numerous reports of its link with the company.
prasad also took the opportunity to warn social media platforms like facebook of stringent action if any attempt was made by them to influence the countrys electoral process through undesirable means.
let me make it very, very clear, we fully support freedom of press, speech and expression; we fully support free exchange of ideas on social media.
but any attempt, covert or overt, by social media, including facebook, of trying to influence indias electoral process through undesirable means will neither be appreciated nor be tolerated, prasad said.
also read | q&a: what is the cambridge analytica-facebook controversy all about?
rebutting the charges made by the bjp, congress leader randeep surjewala said neither his party nor rahul gandhi has ever hired the services of the beleaguered company.
indian national congress or the congress president has never used or never hired the services of a company called cambridge analytica.
it is a fake agenda and white lie being dished out by union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, said surjewala.
live: aicc press conference on bjps mischievous allegations https://t.
co/0rtfy5tpaz  randeep singh surjewala (@rssurjewala) march 21, 2018describing law minister prasad as lawless law minister, the congress leader said, bjps factory of fake news has produced one more fake product today.
it appears fake statements, fake press conferences & fake agendas have become everyday character of bjp.
the congress further made counter allegations that bjp-jd(u) had used the cambridge analyticas services in 2010.
cambridge analyticas linked website shows that in 2010 its services were used by bjp-jd(u).
firms indian partner ovlene business intelligence (obi) is being run by bjp allys mps son.
obi companys services were used by rajnath singh in 2009, surjewala added.
b'file photo: prime minister narendra modi (source: expresss archive/file) file photo: prime minister narendra modi (source: expresss archive/file)keeping up its offensive over the telecom scam, congress friday alleged that conduct of the modi government and its ministers has come under a cloud in the wake of their lame duck reaction to the rs 45,000 crore scandal in the sector.
the party also raked up the essar tapes issue wondering as to what connection it has with the telecom scam and whether prime minister narendra modi would order an impartial judicial investigation in the case.
to hide one lie, modi government is resorting to telling 100 more.
government issued a lame duck reaction to the rs 45,000 crore plus telecom scam seeking to put a conspiratorial lid on the entire issue, partys chief spokesman randeep surjewala told reporters.
targeting ravishankarprasad prasad, who was telecom minister till earlier this week, he claimed smokescreens put up by telecom ministry raise serious doubts about their complicity in the shoddily handled cover-up exercise.
seeking to dismiss the claim of the telecom ministry and prasad that cag report was received only last month, he noted that the report was tabled in parliament on march 11.
watch video: whats making newsneither the ministry nor the minister denied the important fact that telecom ministry was conducting a special audit through empanelled chartered accountants, over and above the cag audit, he said.
he also targeted prasad for attempting to justify the bungling by insisting that there is no under-reporting of income by the six telecom companies for subsequent years from 2010-11 to 2015-16.
how can the minister get this enlightenment qua no underreporting of income by telecom companies without even an audit conducted by cag, he asked.
the telecom companies named by surjewala are bharti airtel, vodafone, reliance, idea, tata and aircel.
does it not show that modi government is not interested in getting an audit conducted through cag for the years 2010-11 to 2015-16 for recovery of dues of nearly rs 33,000 crore that may accrue to public exchequer, surjewala said, raising a number of questions.
what connection, if any, under-reporting/non-disclosure of income by telecom companies has with essar tapes, which purportedly contain conversation relating to telecom sector and favours extended?
would the prime minister conduct an impartial judicial investigation into essar tapes based on the representation submitted by the whistleblower, he asked.
former prime minister manmohan singh.
(file photo) former prime minister manmohan singh.
(file photo)bjp today defended prime minister narendra modis dig at manmohan singh saying fun, pun and repartee are part of parliamentary debate, and suggested that congress was using singh as a useful, expendable outsider as it had done with many top leaders outside the gandhi family.
it fielded union minister ravishankarprasad prasad to launch a sharp attack on congress, especially its top leaders sonia and rahul gandhi, saying it is no longer a conventional political party representing certain ideology but a conglomeration believing in divinity and devotion to a family.
watch what else is making newsthere was nothing wrong in modis barb in the rajya sabha that singh knew the art of taking bath wearing raincoat as he remained untainted despite all the scams in his government, prasad said, noting that the former prime minister had called demonetisation organised loot and legalised plunder.
prasad alleged that singh was likely to have read from the note written by some other congress leaders as such strong expressions are alien to his vocabulary.
now the prime minister is responding to it.
why are they (congress) so troubled with this?
fun, pun, repartee and exchange of mild or strong words are a part of parliamentary convention.
congress has two set of leaders.
ones who come from the family are beyond criticism.
they cannot make a mistake.
second set of leaders are those who are used for political convenience and then discarded.
manmohan singh also has his utility those outside the family are useful, expendable entities, he said.
prasad cited former prime ministers like lal bahadur shastri, charan singh, v p singh, chandra shekhar, p v narasimha rao and i k gujral, all of whom were congress leaders or served in the party for some time, besides likes of bhim rao ambedkar and maulana azad, to argue that they were all treated harshly by it after their utility was served.
manmohan singh will be there as long as his utility remains the so called credibility of singh was abused by the dynasty to promote corruption and rank cronyism, he said.
congress leaders compared modi with abhorrent rulers and showered abuses on him, he said and referred to remarks like maut ke saudagar, made by sonia gandhi when modi was gujarat chief minister, and khoon ki dalali, rahul gandhis barb at modi following surgical strikes.
claiming that modi set an example in humility by noting contributions of former prime ministers in his august 15 speech from the red fort, prasad said he showed his big heart by never launching a witch-hunt despite the conspiracies hatched against him when he was gujarat chief minister.
b'bjp mp udit raj (source: twitter/@@dr_uditraj/file) bjp mp udit raj (source: twitter/@@dr_uditraj/file)a dalit mp of the bjp on friday said that a supreme court order diluting the punitive provisions of the sc & st (prevention of atrocities) act would have an adverse impact on the party if the government does not file a review petition.
udit raj, a lok sabha mp from north west delhi, said he will raise the issue during a meeting of top bjp leaders, including prime minister narendra modi and party president amit shah, at their parliamentary party meeting this evening.
the government must file a review plea in the apex court against the order.
if it does not, it will definitely impact us (bjp) adversely.
when the government takes credit for positive developments, it will also get discredited for something that goes wrong, he told reporters.
raj, who is a former irs office and heads all india confederation of sc/st organisations, said he has sought an appointment with modi to raise this issue and also a recent university grants commission order that, he claimed, harms the interests of dalits.
he claimed that the apex court order makes the legislation very ineffective by mandating prior official sanction to arrest a government employee booked under the act and the nod of the ssp concerned to arrest a private person.
the law has become so weak, the mp said.
sc/st                                               dr. udit raj, mp (@dr_uditraj) march 23, 2018several dalit mps of the ruling party have expressed view, mostly on the condition of anonymity, that the government should file a review petition against the order.
dalit ministers like ram vilas paswan, who is also the chief of lok janshakti party an ally of the bjp, have also spoken in favour of filing a review petition.
opposition parties, including the congress, too have asked the government to appeal against the order.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said that the government will examine the order and then come out with a structured response.
raj supported prasads stand saying that a proper examination of the order was imperative before the government files an appeal.
b'the memorandum should have details of crops and houses damaged, list of flood-affected persons and damages caused to bridges, culverts and roads due to the floods, he said.
the memorandum should have details of crops and houses damaged, list of flood-affected persons and damages caused to bridges, culverts and roads due to the floods, he said.
stating that the centre will provide all kind of help to bihar to deal with the flood situation, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday asked the state government to submit a memorandum at the earliest on the damages caused by floods in the state.
bihar government should get the survey done and send its memorandum at the earliest to the centre on damages caused by floods in the state union home minister rajnath singh has said the government will act immediately after getting the memorandum in this regard, prasad told reporters.
the memorandum should have details of crops and houses damaged, list of flood-affected persons and damages caused to bridges, culverts and roads due to the floods, he said.
the union law and justice minister was talking to reporters after visiting flood affected areas and relief camps in patna and was accompanied by party mlc sanjay mayukh, mlas nitin navin and sanjeev chaurasia during the visit.
stating that the centre gives rs 479 crore every year to bihar for disaster related work, prasad said the first instalment of rs 262 crore has already been released in june, while the remaining amount, which is due in december, would be released soon if the bihar government makes a formal request.
the prime minister, who has already expressed profound grief over the loss of lives in the floods, is quick and active vis-a-vis taking action in times of disasters.
he has acted swiftly when there was floods in jammu and kashmir and earthquake in nepal, the union minister said, adding government of india took proactive role in rescuing people in bihar floods.
on the help given by centre to bihar during the current spate of floods, prasad said 22 teams of national disaster response force (ndrf) comprising 1,000 personnel including 767 rescuers were working with 71 boats and have so far evacuated 26,720 people.
he said that centre has given 20,000 metric tonnes of foodgrains to bihar to deal with flood situation.
after visiting flood-affected areas and relief camps, prasad admitted that food was being served to people living in camps but those stuck in villages are not getting grains and are forced to have flattened rice and jaggery.
people said there was no fodder to feed the cattle both in animal camps and in the villages, he said.
prasad said the people of sukulpur, nathachak, raibagh, kasara, nizampur villages of punadih panchayats of patna sadar complained that they have not got anything.
i am quite surprised to see if people living in villages located barely 10-12 km away from patna are not getting relief material, then what will be the situation at other places.
i strongly condemn this, the minister said.
stating that the centre will provide all kind of help to bihar to deal with the flood situation, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday asked the tate government to submit a memorandum at the earliest on the damages caused by floods in the state.
bihar government should get the survey done and send its memorandum at the earliest to the centre on damages caused by floods in the state union home minister rajnath singh has said the government will act immediately after getting the memorandum in this regard, prasad told reporters.
the memorandum should have details of crops and houses damaged, list of flood-affected persons and damages caused to bridges, culverts and roads due to the floods, he said.
the union law and justice minister was talking to reporters after visiting flood affected areas and relief camps in patna and was accompanied by party mlc sanjay mayukh, mlas nitin navin and sanjeev chaurasia during the visit.
stating that the centre gives rs 479 crore every year to bihar for disaster related work, prasad said the first instalment of rs 262 crore has already been released in june, while the remaining amount, which is due in december, would be released soon if the bihar government makes a formal request.
the prime minister, who has already expressed profound grief over the loss of lives in the floods, is quick and active vis-a-vis taking action in times of disasters.
he has acted swiftly when there was floods in jammu and kashmir and earthquake in nepal, the union minister said, adding government of india took proactive role in rescuing people in bihar floods.
on the help given by centre to bihar during the current spate of floods, prasad said 22 teams of national disaster response force (ndrf) comprising 1,000 personnel including 767 rescuers were working with 71 boats and have so far evacuated 26,720 people.
he said that centre has given 20,000 metric tonnes of foodgrains to bihar to deal with flood situation.
after visiting flood-affected areas and relief camps, prasad admitted that food was being served to people living in camps but those stuck in villages are not getting grains and are forced to have flattened rice and jaggery.
people said there was no fodder to feed the cattle both in animal camps and in the villages, he said.
prasad said the people of sukulpur, nathachak, raibagh, kasara, nizampur villages of punadih panchayats of patna sadar complained that they have not got anything.
i am quite surprised to see if people living in villages located barely 10-12 km away from patna are not getting relief material, then what will be the situation at other places.
i strongly condemn this, the minister said.
b'the party wanted to know who were the bribe takers after those who gave the bribe were convicted by an italian court.
the party wanted to know who were the bribe takers after those who gave the bribe were convicted by an italian court.
bjp on tuesday used the conviction of italian officials linked to the vvip chopper scam to target the congress and asked the then defence minister a k antony to name the party leaders allegedly involved in the scandal.
the party wanted to know who were the bribe takers after those who gave the bribe were convicted by an italian court.
addressing a press conference, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said antony had in march 2013 said corruption had taken places in the purchase of vvip choppers and that bribe had been taken.
he asked antony to come clean on it.
bribe givers have been convicted.
why are bribe takers silent?
antony should answer if leaders of congress are involved in it or not.
are they from your party or not?
please come out clean, he said.
he said the treasury benches will use the issue to attack congress in parliament.
the chopper scam is not an isolated case of graft and corruption is the byword of upa-i and upa-ii.
prasad said tuesdays attack on congress was only the first chapter as top bjp leaders, including its chief amit shah and union ministers arun jaitley and venkaiah naidu, huddled together to mull over their next move.
the top bjp leaders, sources said, deliberated on various issues and fine tuned their strategy to attack the main opposition party during parliament session.
antonys honesty is discussed and the senior congress leader himself speaks about, he said wryly, and asked him to go public with the names of guilty party leaders.
quoting from the italian courts order prasad said, there was reasonable belief that corruption had taken place and it was validly proven that 10-15 million dollars made way to indian officials.
b'prakash javadekar, who was elevated to cabinet, got the hrd portfolio prakash javadekar, who was elevated to cabinet, got the hrd portfoliothe union cabinet on tuesday saw major changes with smriti irani moving out from hrd to textile ministry and arun jaitley shedding information and broadcasting portfolio.
here are the major changesprakash javadekar, who was elevated to cabinet, gets hrd portfolio.
smriti irani moves out from hrd ministry to textiles ministry.
arun jaitley sheds information and broadcasting portfolio.
d v sadananda gowda shifted from law ministry to statistics and programme implementation.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad gets additional charge as law and justice.
m venkaiah naidu gets information and broadcasting in addition to urban development.
anant kumar gets parliamentary affairs which was with m venkaiah naidu in addition to chemicals and fertilisers.
the ceremony took place at the darbar hall of the rashtrapati bhavan, where senior leaders of the bjp were present.
external affairs minister sushma swarajhad earlier tweeted that she would not be able to make it due to an engagement with the foreign minister of hungary.
here are the names of those inducted today: ss ahluwalia, ramesh chandappa jigjinagi, parshottam rupala, mj akbar, arjun ram meghwal, anil madhav dave, vijay goel, rajen gohain, mahendra nath pandey, cr chaudhary, pp chaudhary, ramdas athawale, subhash ramrao bhamre, jasvant sinh bhabhor, mansukh mandaviya, faggan singh kulaste, ajay tamta, anupriya singh patel, and krishna raj.
b'high court of madras high court of madrasthe high courts of madras, bombay, and possibly calcutta, are set to shed the old names of their cities and adopt the new ones  chennai, mumbai and kolkata, respectively.
the union cabinet tuesday approved a law ministry proposal for changing the names of the high courts in these cities.
the government release communicating the decision mentions madras high court and bombay high court, but union minister ravishankarprasad prasad later told reporters that the calcutta high court, too, would undergo change of name.
watch video: keystrokes  smriti irani gets textilesthe names will be changed through an act of parliament.
the proposal of the department of justice in the law ministry is to bring a bill  the high courts (alteration of names) bill, 2016  to rename the two high courts established in the 1860s under the indian high court act, 1861.
the high courts (alteration of names) bill, 2016 will facilitate the changing of the names of bombay high court as mumbai high court and madras high court as chennai high court, respectively, the government release said.
watch: analysing modi cabinet reshuffle: smriti irani loses hrd; javadekar, piyush goyal gainthe calcutta high court has the distinction of being the first high court and one of the three chartered high courts to be set up in india, along with the high courts of bombay and madras.
it was formally opened on july 1, 1862.
sources said that the government had earlier planned to vest the president with powers to rename a high court in consultation with the governor, chief minister and chief justice of that state.
but the idea has been dropped.
in 2015, the supreme court struck down the njac legislation as unconstitutional, paving the way for the latest round of confrontation.
(illustration: c r sasikumar) in 2015, the supreme court struck down the njac legislation as unconstitutional, paving the way for the latest round of confrontation.
(illustration: c r sasikumar)the tension between the executive and judiciary isnt new.
whats different about this latest round is the unusual mix of factors: the political establishments attempt to clip the judiciarys wings stalled, a supreme court publicly divided and a chief justice facing an impeachment notice.
ravish tiwari tracks this strain over the years to explain the current conflict  and its fraught resolution.
on july 29, 1947, the constituent assembly was gripped by a question: should the power to remove superior judges be vested in the president or parliament?
in the end, the view of sir alladi krishnaswami ayyar, former advocate general of madras state, prevailed and the members decided that both houses of parliament, while acting on an impeachment notice, would exercise this power, if at all.
for, few members believed that this provision would ever be used.
whatever procedure you prescribe for the removal of judges for proved misconduct or misbehaviour, that procedure is likely to be used only in the rarest of contingencies and very probably will not be used within my life time or even the life time of those who are much younger in this house than i am, sir n gopalaswami ayyangar had said in his concluding arguments that day, before the draft proposed by ayyar was adopted.
otherwise prescient, the wise men and women of the constituent assembly didnt anticipate what was to follow.
seventy years later, that very provision is at the heart of a tussle between the opposition and the ruling party members.
while the congress-led opposition members of the rajya sabha have declared that they would challenge rajya sabha chairman venkaiah naidus ruling dismissing their notice for impeachment of chief justice of india (cji) dipak misra, the ruling combine members have hailed the decision as sound course of action.
days after naidus ruling, another row blew in the face of judiciary and executive relations, when, on april 26, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote to cji misra, segregating the supreme court collegiums recommendation for appointing two judges to the apex court.
while the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph to the supreme court, it notified the appointment of senior advocate indu malhotra as a judge of the apex court.
here again, the ruling and opposition parties are divided over the course of events, with the spotlight now on the judiciarys place in the delicately stitched constitutional space that it shares with the political class comprising the executive and the legislature.
venkaiah naidus ruling dismissed opposition notice for impeachment of chief justice of india (cji) dipak misra.
venkaiah naidus ruling dismissed opposition notice for impeachment of chief justice of india (cji) dipak misra.
this space has been created and shaped by the judiciarys evolving relationship with the executive over three distinct eras.
1947-1964: retreat or reviewnotwithstanding ayyangars belief that the provision for removal of judges will rarely be used, within a year, even before the constitution was ready, the judiciary found itself staring at the removal of a high court judge.
an academic paper on the evolution of judicial accountability in india published in the journal of public affairs and change by bhairav acharya, lawyer and policy specialist, recounts the removal of allahabad hc judge justice shiv prasad sinha in july 1948 at the request of the erstwhile united provinces government.
since the constitution was far from final, sinha was removed under section 220(2) of the government of india act, 1935, after an inquiry by the then federal court upheld one of the five charges against him.
if thats the note on which the judiciary started, after the constitution came into force, the first removal pitch was made in 1970 against justice j c shah.
the petition was rejected by the lok sabha speaker under the judges (inquiry) act, 1968.
the intervening two decades witnessed a phase where the political class asserted its supremacy against the judiciarys power of judicial review.
in fact, the first situation arose within months of the constitution coming into force on january 26, 1950.
communist leader a k gopalan challenged his detention without trial since 1947 in madras jail under the preventive detention act, 1950.
the act was challenged on the grounds of failing to meet provisions of article 21 that guarantees the protection of life and personal liberty.
the case was heard by a six-member bench which rendered separate judgments.
however, a unanimous feature was that they struck down section 14 of the act  which prevented even courts from accessing material which formed the basis of the detention orders  as unconstitutional.
the government responded by amending the act to delete the said section.
the executives assertion again reached the supreme court in a case now famously known as kesavananda bharati case.
the executives assertion again reached the supreme court in a case now famously known as kesavananda bharati case.
this tussle between the judiciary and the political class came to a head when legislation on agrarian reforms and abolition of the zamindari system across different states came up for challenge under article 31 that provided guarantees for right to property.
the landed class objected to the reform legislation undertaken by several provincial congress governments to further the socialist vision of prime minister jawaharlal nehru.
the most famous of these litigation was kameshwar singh vs state of bihar, in which the patna hc in march 1951 had ruled that the bihar land reforms act was unconstitutional and in violation of article 14 since it discriminated in providing compensation.
sensing that it may cast a shadow on its agrarian reforms, in the summer of 1951 the congress government moved the constitution (first amendment) bill in parliament without even waiting for the supreme court ruling on the appeal in the case.
the amendment introduced blanket immunity for the land reform legislation against any appeal on grounds of infringement of fundamental rights.
going a step further, the amendment created the ninth schedule of the constitution to ring-fence 13 enactments, including the bihar land reforms act, from judicial review.
the invention of the ninth schedule led to the shielding of more legislation from the purview of judicial review  by 1964, the number of such laws across the country rose to 64.
the number has risen to 284 different laws in this schedule.
underlining the fault line that led to the ninth schedule, pdt achary, former secretary general of the lok sabha, says, in the beginning, the confrontation between the judiciary and the political class arose on the issue of right to property.
such a confrontation was obvious considering this was a government professing socialist path.
thus, the political class asserted its supremacy through amendments, ostensibly to further the socio-political objective framed by the government, which then comprised many of the framers of the constitution.
1965-1993: full-blown clashthe power of the political class to bring in amendments is likely to have generated fears of the constitution being overridden.
the supreme court had to assert its position.
it did so in a case challenging the punjab security and land tenures act, which was given immunity from judicial review by being put under the ninth schedule after the constitution (seventeenth amendment) act, 1964.
known as the golaknath case, the 11-judge sc bench headed by chief justice k subba rao with a majority of 6:5 restrained parliaments power to curtail fundamental rights.
the fetters imposed by the golaknath case is believed to have left the socialist leaning indira gandhi government disappointed.
but, the verdict had come close to the 1967 general elections, in which indira gandhi had returned to power with 284 seats in the lok sabha, its worse performance until then.
a weakened government pursued populist policies such as bank nationalisation and abolition of privy purses, which suffered setbacks in the supreme court.
however, in the 1971 general elections, the indira-led congress returned to power with an enhanced mandate of 350 seats.
it now had the electoral strength for its fight against the judicial setback.
the executive asserted its supremacy over the judiciary by bringing in another amendment to the constitution.
the result of the (sc) judgment (in the golaknath case) is that parliament is considered to have no power to take away or curtail any of the fundamental rights guaranteed by part iii of the constitution even if it becomes necessary to do so for giving effect to the directive principles of state policy and for the attainment of the objectives set out in the preamble to the constitution.
it is, therefore, considered necessary to provide expressly that parliament has power to amend any provision of the constitution so as to include the provisions of part iii within the scope of the amending power, read the statement of objects and reasons appended to the constitution (twenty-fourth amendment) bill, 1971.
the executives assertion again reached the supreme court in a case now famously known as kesavananda bharati case.
since, the 24th constitution amendment had annulled the force of the golaknath verdict by an 11-judge bench, the challenge to this legislation was to be heard by a 13-judge bench headed by chief justice s m sikri.
the government acted quickly to appoint judges to suit its political commitments, say experts.
the reason for this was that the kesavananda case, which would reconsider golaknath restrictions on amending power, was on the anvil.
because the latter was decided by an 11-judge bench, 13 would be needed for the kesavananda case.
conveniently for the government, which was aware that several of the sitting judges did not subscribe to its aims, these vacancies provided it with an opportunity to shift the ideological composition of sci, wrote george h gadbois in his book, judges of supreme court of india, referring to nine new appointments that happened between july 1971 and october 1972.
the arguments in the kesavananda case began on october 31, 1972.
gadbois refers to writings of former sc judge jaganmohan reddy to point out that of the new judges, two were nominees of law minister h r gokhale, one of minister mohan kumarmangalam, two that of sidhartha shankar ray and two of prime minister indira gandhi.
with a narrow majority of 7:6, the supreme court, in its judgment of april 1973, upheld parliaments power to amend the constitution but imposed fetters against amending its basic structure.
this exposition of the basic structure principle has since then emerged as one of the most potent tools against the unbridled power of the executive.
when such a stage was reached that any part of the constitution could get amended guided by political consideration, the supreme court stepped in.
i feel the supreme court did yeomen service to the nation by discovering the basic structure, says achary.
the judgment was considered a setback and the political executive hit back by appointing a n ray as the next chief justice of india after sikri, superseding three other judges  justices j m shelat, an grover and k s hegde.
the three judges resigned immediately.
this confrontation between the judiciary and the executive worsened when allahabad hc judge justice jagmohan lal sinha, acting on a petition filed by raj narain, set aside indira gandhis election to the lok sabha from rae bareli.
gandhi reacted to the judgment of june 12, 1975 by imposing emergency.
in another case, popularly known as adm jabalpur case, the supreme court, in a 4:1 judgment, upheld governments unrestricted use of powers during emergency.
while justices a n ray, p n bhagwati, y v chandrachud and m h beg were part of the majority ruling, the lone dissenter, justice k r khanna, was superseded by justice m h beg to be chief justice in 1976.
even the janata party government faced the ire of the supreme court in maneka gandhi vs union of india case in 1978.
the janata party administration had impounded her passport on the grounds of in public interest, which was challenged.
the majority ruling of the supreme court declared that the right to travel abroad was part of right of personal liberty under article 21 and government cant arbitrarily impound the passport as it violated right to equality under article 14.
the case pertains to the legal challenge against the implementation of law minister p shiv shankars march 1981 circular that sought executive discretion in transfer of judges to further national integration and to combat narrow parochial tendencies.
chief justice of india justice dipak misra (express photo by tashi tobgyal/files) chief justice of india justice dipak misra (express photo by tashi tobgyal/files)adjudicating on this batch of petitions, in december 1981, justice p n bhagwati declared that the primacy of the cjis recommendation on judicial appointments and transfers can be refused for cogent reasons.
this, in a way, bolstered the hands of the executive in judicial appointments for over a decade till the primacy of the cji was restored in the years that followed.
1993-2018: judiciary assertsthe tide slowly turned in favour of the judiciary with the advent in the late 80s ofcoalition governments.
given the rising impatience over charges of arbitrariness in judicial appointments, the vp singh government introduced the constitution (sixty-seventh amendment) bill, 1990 for constituting the national judicial commission for appointments in the higher judiciary.
however, it lapsed with the dissolution of the lok sabha in 1991.
in 1993, the supreme court wrested control of appointments through its judgment in the supreme court advocates-on-record association vs union of india (the second judges case) that crafted a completely new process of judicial appointments.
the role of the cji is primal in nature because this being a topic within the judicial family, the executive cannot have an equal say in the matter, said the verdict delivered by a nine-judge bench with the condition that the cji should consult the two most senior judges on matters of appointment.
the judgment, however, did not spell out the modalities of the consultation, inviting criticism from the executive and resulting in a presidential reference in 1998 from then president k r narayanan.
in it advisory opinion in special reference no.
1 of 1998 (the third judges case), the supreme court unanimously set down the modalities of the consultative process, where the cji would have to consult his four senior-most colleagues for supreme court appointments and his two senior-most colleagues for high court appointments, thus paving the way for the present collegium system.
with the collegium freeing the judiciary from the executives alleged interference, the supreme court went on to pronounce several key verdicts  from the s r bommai judgment to the 2g verdict many of which went against the executive of the day.
this got the political class to search for ways to ensure judicial accountability.
while the previous nda regime came up with the constitution (98th amendment) bill, 2003, for setting up the national judicial commission for judicial appointments, the upa moved the judicial standards and accountability bill and the constitution (120th amendment) bill to provide for a new mechanism.
but they could not get these enacted.
that changed in 2014.
unhindered by compulsions of coalition politics, the majority government under narendra modi sought more accountability from the judiciary.
it moved the constitution amendment legislation to scrap the two-decade-old collegium system and provide for the national judicial appointments commission (njac).
if it is challenged, then we will see it.
why parliament must be wary of using its powers?
parliament must have full trust in the ability of parliament to pass the law, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had asserted when both the laws were passed in august 2014.
in 2015, the supreme court struck down the njac legislation as unconstitutional, paving the way for the latest round of confrontation.
with the memorandum of procedure (mop) for judicial appointments still stuck, almost every appointment is fraught with tension.
this, along with a string of other factors  the cji facing an impeachment motion, the lack of cohesion among senior supreme court judges, and the executive asserting itself  make for an unprecedented situation.
all these episodes have a lesson.
confrontation with judiciary doesnt help us at all.
in fact, confrontation with judiciary is a lose-lose situation for the executive, says senior advocate arvind datar.
with four of the five most senior sc judges retiring by the end of the year and the nda government too entering its last lap as it heads into an election year, what shape this current crisis takes will depend on the leadership that 2019 throws up.
the way forwardretired judges and legal experts talk to kaunain sheriff m on possible solutions to the current impasse.
r m lodha, former cjimopthe first step forward is finalisation of the mop.
this has been hanging for more than two years.
the drafts have been exchanged a number of times.
segregation of names recommended by collegiummop must have a specific provision where government cannot segregate names unilaterally.
it must be brought to the notice of the chief justice.
and the chief justice, in consultation with the collegium, should take a call to ensure that primacy of judiciary remains intact, selective segregation is not allowed to be done.
stay insulatedpolitical parties will always play their politics, but judiciary should not engage in their game plan.
judiciary should remain unconcerned and unconnected with political issues and dimensions.
a former cjibody for appointmentsthere exists a problem within the judiciary in the name of independence, judiciary cannot appoint judges solely by itself.
there are countries where indirectly the society has some role to play in the appointment of judges.
but the supreme court struck down njac, stating only judiciary can appoint judges a probable solution could be formation of a judicial appointments commissions if there is so much confrontation, why has the mop not been finalised?
k parasaran, former attorney general in governments headed by indira and rajiv gandhijoint deliberationi feel there should be joint deliberation by the government and judiciary on appointments.
if they had taken that view, with overriding cover in the court, all this controversy would have not happened.
this is purely my personal view.
b'congress vice president rahul gandhi at the parliament on monday.
(pti photo) congress vice president rahul gandhi at the parliament on monday.
(pti photo)congress vice president rahul gandhi today sought to brush aside bjps attempts to drag him into the cwg and vvip chopper scams, saying he is happy to be targeted.
i am always being targeted, happy to be targeted, he told reporters while entering parliament house.
he was asked about bjp mp kirit somaiyas letter to ed and cbi asking them to check gandhis links with a real estate developer allegedly involved in the cwg scam and also the alleged connections of his political aide with a middleman in the agustawestland deal.
watch video| top leaders comment on rahul gandhisomaiya had said that guido haschke, an alleged middleman in the chopper deal is common in both the scams and that he is linked to christian michel, an accused in the vvip chopper scam.
speaking outside the parliament, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, we have no intentions of targeting rahul gandhi, but we are not going to spare corrupt people.
b'prime minister narendra modi being welcomed by bihar chief minister nitish kumar and bihar governor satyapal malik upon his arrival at jay prakash narayan international airport in patna on tuesday.
(pti photo) prime minister narendra modi being welcomed by bihar chief minister nitish kumar and bihar governor satyapal malik upon his arrival at jay prakash narayan international airport in patna on tuesday.
(pti photo)prime minister narendra modi, who reached bihar on tuesday, flagged off three rail projects including indias first 12,000 horsepower high-speed electric locomotive under the make-in-india project.
modi was in the state to take part in the concluding ceremony of the champaran satyagraha centenary celebrations at motihari.
pms visit comes at a time when relations between the jd(u) and bjp have frayed following the violence during ram navami celebrations and over the nitish kumar-led partys demand for special category status for bihar.
read | narendra modi in champaran live updates: our govt has stopped the culture of suppressing files, says pm# loco factory in madhepuramodi dedicated the madhepura electric rail locomotive factory to the nation.
with the induction, india will join an elite list of countries, including russia, china, germany and sweden, that have 12,000 hp and above capacity electric locomotives.
till now, the most powerful electric engine in india was of 6,000 hp.
a joint venture between indian railways and french manufacturing firm alstom, the loco factory in madhepura has a capacity to manufacture 110 loco per annum.
# champaran humsafar expresspm modi also flagged off a train between katihar and old delhi.
the champaran humsafar express will run between katihar and old delhi.
according to an official statement, the champaran humsafar express will facilitate a comfortable, faster and safer journey experience to common people of north bihar.
covering a distance of 1,383 km, the train will run bi-weekly  tuesdays and fridays.
# track-doubling projecthe laid the foundation stone of a project for doubling of muzzafarpur-sagauli (100.
6 km) and sagauli-valmikinagar sections (109.
7 km).
muzzafarpur-sagauli and sagauli-valmikinagar  the two sections are being built at an estimated cost of rs 2,401 crore.
they will cover districts of muzaffarnagar, east champaran and west champaran.
the project was approved by the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) in february 2018.
___the prime minister was also here to spread the message of swachh bharat, on the occasion of champaran satyagraha centenary celebrations.
he fecilitated swachhagrahis (ambassadors of cleanliness movement) with a shawl and rs 51,000 cash award.
along with pm modi, union water minister uma bharti, agriculture minister radha mohan singh, bihar deputy cm sushil modi were also present on the occasion.
speaking at the ceremony nitish kumar lauded the swachh bharat mission and spoke of mahatma gandhis satyagraha movement.
sanjhauli in bihars rohtas district was named the first open defecation free (odf) block in the state under the swachh bharat mission in 2016.
great step taken towards clean ganga mission in bihar as pm @narendramodi initiated many sewerage projects in patna with outlay of 1,111 crore from champaran.
#chalochamparan pic.
twitter.com/gm7g2di4i4  ravishankarprasad prasad (@rsprasad) april 10, 2018the pm is also expected to unveil four sewerage projects in patna.
together, the plants will have a sewage-treatment capacity of 60 million litres daily under clean ganga programme.
b'the second part of the budget session of parliament began on a stormy note today as members from various parties forced adjournment of lok sabha on various issues,including heckling of mamata banerjee,incidents of rapes and demand for separate telangana.
after speaker meira kumar made obituary references,trinamool congress and left members trooped into the well of the lok sabha raising slogans on heckling f the west bengal chief minister by sfi activists in delhi and alleged incidents of human rights violations in the state,respectively.
a number of bjp members were seen in the well raising slogans against the incidents of rapes across the country and demanding action on the perpetrators.
some members of the congress were seen in the aisles waving placards for a separate state of telangana.
a tdp member was seen raising the same demand in the well.
delhi is not safe read a placard held by a trinamool member which had a picture of banerjee.
amid slogans of jai telangana,take action against rapists,the speaker adjourned the house till noon.
in rajya sabha,chairman hamid ansari said he has got 8 notices for suspension of question hour to take up discussion on various matters.
the notices were given by v maitreyan (aiadmk),derek obrien (tmc),prasanta chatterjee (cpi-m),prakash javadekar (bjp),d raja (cpi),tiruchi siva (dmk),brajesh pathak (bsp) and maya singh (bjp).
ansari said he has admitted maitreyans notice for discussion on role of cbi in coalgate scam as it was received first.
as he asked maitreyan to move his motion,ravi shankar prasad (bjp) said he has also given a notice for suspension of uestion hour to raise the issue of leakage of draft jpc report on 2g scam.
you have not asked for suspension of question hour, he told prasad but the bjp leader continued to raise the issue.
left and bsp members too were on their feet raising separate issues with some of them displaying banners.
on demands for discussing the rape of a 5-year old girl in delhi,he said it has been agreed that a short duration discussion on violence against women in various parts of the country has been agreed to be taken up at 2 pm today.
but,with members relenting,he adjourned the house for 15 minutes.
b'the bjp should introspect why are allies upset or are quitting the alliance.
even the results of the bypolls are indicative of this, said ljp mp mehboob ali kaiser (in picture: ljp chief ram vilas paswan) the bjp should introspect why are allies upset or are quitting the alliance.
even the results of the bypolls are indicative of this, said ljp mp mehboob ali kaiser (in picture: ljp chief ram vilas paswan)after lok sabha mps, three ministers in the narendra modi government thursday stressed the need for a review petition following the supreme courts decision to dilute stringent provisions under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
while minister for social justice and empowerment thaawarchand gehlot took a more cautious stand that such a petition would require the law ministrys inputs, two nda allies minister of state for social justice ramdas athawale, who heads republican party of india (a), and union cabinet minister and chief of lok jan shakti party (ljp) ram vilas paswan said the centre should file a review petition.
gehlot told the indian express that he discussed the supreme court order thursday with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, finance minister arun jaitley and bjp national chief amit shah.
they said that they will study the matter and we will take further action on their directions.
for now, it looks like there might be a need for a review petition, but the final decision will be based on what our law minister advises, he said.
read | sc/st act: bjps dalit mps want government to file review petition against sc orderhis junior minister athawale said he was unhappy with the supreme court order and termed it one-sided and unjust to dalits and adivasis.
athawale too said he met with shah and jaitley and that the former assured him that he has directed law minister prasad to study the court order and take a decision on filing a review petition.
the congress has alleged that the government lawyers did not argue the case properly in the court.
but the government is ready for a review petition.
this government is not anti-dalit but is concerned about the issue of dalit atrocities.
it was modi government that moved amendments to the atrocities act in 2015 and made it stronger, he said.
while the supreme court order was criticised by dalit rights groups and even dalit mps from bjp as weakening the legislation, the congress hit out at the government for the inept handling of the case by the additional solicitor general.
read | sc/st atrocities act: in nda, two different views on supreme court orderciting misuse of the atrocities act, the two-judge supreme court bench of justices uu lalit and ak goel tuesday laid down stringent safeguards, including provisions for anticipatory bail and a preliminary inquiry before registering a case under the act.
athawale said that he disagreed with the apex courts view that there were many false cases.
when a dalit girl is raped, a dalit boy is murdered for falling his love with a girl of another caste, a dalits house is burnt, he is assaulted, the atrocities act should apply automatically.
every year, the police register 47,000 cases under the act.
of these, the rare possibility of false cases occurs if two people have a disagreement and the atrocities act is slapped on the non-sc person on the grounds that he verbally abused the sc person by his caste name, he said.
according to him, the atrocities act was enacted in 1989 after data showed dalit atrocities had increased despite the protection of civil rights act, 1955.
the law was brought in following a detailed discussion in parliament where all mps agreed on the need for a stronger legislation that makes the offence non-bailable.
how can the court allow anticipatory bail in such a case?
also, the act does not say anything about taking prior sanction of a higher authority before arresting the accused.
no higher officer is greater than the law.
the law is the final word, he said,he also said that in the name of misuse, the sc order diluted a very important legislation for dalit rights.
the law was not brought in to do further injustice to dalits but to act against those who subject them to any injustice, he said.
paswan said his party would examine the legal options  because the ljp is not a party in the case  and then file a review petition next week on its own.
he said that he had spoken to gehlot and now ljp leaders would also meet bjp president amit shah on the issue soon.
there is an atmosphere of despair among scs and sts due to the order, paswan said.
pointing out that act was made more stringent by the narendra modi government, he said that the congress was taking undue advantage of the matter and using it for political gains and hence it was necessary for the bjp to send out a message by filing a review petition.
ljp parliamentary board chairperson chirag paswan said that dilution of the atrocities act could lead to an increase in atrocities against scs and sts, in which crime is committed against them only because they are from a particular caste.
he said that the act was a legal arm for scs and sts to protect themselves from exploitation.
retired ias officer, p s krishnan, who was secretary to the government of india when the mandal notification was issued, wrote to gehlot that the government would need to move the prevention of atrocities act (1989) and its amendment brought in 2015 to the ninth schedule for protection from judicial review.
he also said, in the petition/appeal, the government must present a holistic picture such as the socio-historical background of the act, the extreme vulnerability of the scs and sts and the importance of not diluting any of the provisions of the act.
an important voice in the dalit/tribal rights discourse, krishnan said: any delay in taking action by the government will result in adverse conclusion being drawn by the scs and sts, linking with the piling up of huge post-matric scholarship arrears and the ill-conceived order of the ugc dated march 5, 2018 with the approval of the ministry of hrd, which the government is now seeking to reverse and apparently intends to file a review petition in the supreme court.
b'congress needs to understand that there is no underreporting case under the nda government.
it is a case of sin of the congress-led upa government, ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(file photo) congress needs to understand that there is no underreporting case under the nda government.
it is a case of sin of the congress-led upa government, ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(file photo)bjp thursday hit out at congress over its allegation of a rs 45,000 crore telecom scam with law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was telecom minister before the reshuffle, calling it utterly bogus saying it related to the period when the upa was in power.
congress needs to understand that there is no underreporting case under the nda government.
it is a case of sin of the congress-led upa government, prasad said, insisting that the government will recover all the dues with penalty from these telecom firms.
the entire allegation of congress party is utterly bogus.
it relates to period of between 2006-10.
according to cag reports some telecom companies underreported their revenues.
the reports came in march, which i am given to understand, is under the examination of the public accounts committee, he said.
watch video: whats making newsprasad said the telecom department had sought details of documents from the cag and received them in june this year.
after due assessment all the dues shall be recovered with penalty.
telecom service providers are obliged to paylicense fee and spectrum usage charges on the revenue earned by them.
any underreported revenue shall be recovered with penalty, he said.
the bjp also attacked the congress calling it was a case of pot calling the kettle black as the underreporting had happened during the upa and alleged that congress spokespersons were putting out lies in their briefings.
such allegations are laughable.
it shows the mental bankruptcy of the congress.
no wrong happened under the nda government and to drag it in a matter that happened under the upa is a case of pot calling the kettle black.
congress should introspect and not behave in an immature, childish way, its national secretary shrikant sharma said, calling the party mother of corruption and misgovernance.
tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
tamil nadu chief minister edappadi k palaniswami.
tamil nadu chief minister e k palaniswami tuesday held a series of meetings with union ministers and discussed various state-specific projects.
in his maiden meetings with the union ministers after taking charge as chief minister, palaniswami sought solutions to various projects that have been stalled, besides other new projects.
he discussed second phase of metro, slum development and other welfare programmes with union urban development minister venkaiah naidu.
second phase of metro, housing, people affected by floods in 2015, slum development and issues related to smart and amrut cities were some of the requests that were made before me, venkaiah naidu told reporters here.
palaniswami also met union transport minister nitin gadkari and held talks on port-maduravoyal project, madurai inner ring road and four-lane ecr project.
apart from other issues we have requested the ministry to undertake around 700 kilometres of the state roads under national highways department, said palaniswami.
union and state government would jointly take up maduravoyal scheme and start the works as soon as possible, he added.
mos pon radhakrishnan who was present in the meeting at transport bhawan said, issues regarding fishermen were discussed and steps will be taken by the central government to solve them.
with the state governments cooperation enayam port project works would be hastened to help fishermen export from tamil nadu and stop the present practice of exporting from kochi.
meetings will be held for the purpose.
dpr will be prepared in the first phase, he said.
later in a meeting with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, the chief minister underscored the issue of neet and asked for ratification for state government legislation exempting tamil nadu from the ambit of neet.
palaniswami is on a two-day visit in the national capital.
he had yesterday met the prime minister narendra modi and demanded for immediate release of relief funds for the drought-hit state and for the damage caused by the cyclone vardah.
contesting his first lok sabha election, from patna saheb constituency, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad argues that while the bjp has also been talking about its development work, the oppositions suggestion that the attacks may have been engineered has made security an issue in these polls.
currently a rajya sabha member, prasad holds the important portfolios of law and it in the nda government and is its face when it comes to tackling contentious issues.
the 64-year-old who began his career as a student leader and was also jailed during the emergency, is confident that the bjp will win the lok sabha polls convincinglyadvertisingravi shankar prasad: the india of 2019 is not the india of the 90s.
its an aspirational india now.
as the minister for information technology, i see a new kind of aspiration in the youth.
the way india has picked up on innovation india has become the second biggest centre for mobile manufacturing.
india is the second biggest start-up country in the world.
also, the security of the country will figure prominently in the (election) discourse.
the alarming regularity with which congress leaders and their gurus have been challenging the whole narrative (of the balakot aerial strikes) will also be a part of the public discourse.
we are quite hopeful of winning the elections conclusively and convincingly.
people of india want narendra modi to be the prime minister once again.
you cant remove someone when there is no alternative  no alternative programmes or no alternative leader.
the people of india are very mature.
they know how to distinguish between a vidhan sabha election and a lok sabha election.
the people of india will ensure that the bjp-led nda will come back to power in a very conclusive manner.
advertisingliz mathew: how different is the 2019 general election from 2014?
before the 2014 election there was policy paralysis, stinking corruption and a sense of hopelessness.
the 2019 election is backed by performance, expectation, india emerging as a global power, which was clear in the way countries supported india at the un security council in our bid to get masood azhar listed (as a global terrorist).
we have ensured the complete isolation of pakistan.
people see this as a continuation of 2014, with the addition of better performance and hope which the government and the prime minister have created.
click here for more election newsliz mathew: what will be the main agenda in this election?
the issues in these elections will be development, economic growth, india being recognised by global industries.
it will be about inclusive development which we have brought about.
nine crore people have benefited from the ujjwala yojana.
we need to remember another statistic.
from 1947 till we came to power, about 6.
25 crore toilets were constructed in rural parts of india.
in the last five years alone 10 crore (toilets) have been built.
also, after the pulwama terror attack, the manner in which opposition parties have raised questions, on the sacrifice of our jawans and the armed forces, which was designed to weaken their morale, has become an issue.
liz mathew: so will the issue of national security dominate the discourse in the run-up to polls?
i wont say that national security will be the only issue.
it is an important issue.
nationalism will be an important issue.
if an argument is made that the entire pulwama tragedy was engineered for political consideration, it becomes an issue.
but we have also been talking about development.
we have talked about the job opportunities we have created in the country and what we have done for the farmers.
krishn kaushik: speaking of jobs, data from the national sample survey offices periodic labour force survey 2017-18 has revealed that for the first time since 1993-94, the actual size of indias male workforce has shrunk.
i seriously question the methodology of this report.
it is a draft report.
what questions were asked?
if you ask, do you have a job, and if you ask do you have a livelihood, the answers are bound to be different.
i also read in your newspaper that job opportunities for urban women have grown.
nearly 14 crore indians have received rs 7.
8 lakh crore (as loans) under the pradhan mantri mudra yojana, of which four crore-plus are first-time entrepreneurs.
is it not employment and livelihood creation?
so many roads have been constructed in rural parts, more than 100 kilometres of national highways around 73.
50 lakh new subscribers were added to social security schemes of the employees provident fund organisation last year.
nearly 127 mobile phone manufacturing units have become operational in 2018 as compared to only two in 2014.
in noida and greater noida (where these units have come up), nearly five-six lakh people have got employment.
so many airports and metros have been added.
all villages have been electrified.
the economy is the fastest-growing economy in the world.
does it mean that no employment opportunity has been created?
i regret to say that the nsso data does not capture this.
krishn kaushik: you said the opposition is questioning the armed forces.
what is wrong with that?
they are not questioning the armed forces but the very authenticity of the balakot strikes; its different.
the foreign secretary has made the government of indias official statement.
the air chief has held a press conference confirming the strikes.
not a single country in the world has questioned the strike.
when you say that give me evidence of the strikes then you are seeking to question the entire narrative.
that has clear implications on morale.
we need to trust our forces.
thats all we are saying.
we are not saying you cannot raise questions.
you can question.
its an accountable government.
the narrative (that the opposition is trying to create) is that the attack was engineered by the government or the ruling party for political purposes and that balakot was an extension of that.
it is regrettable.
also, just to remind you, when osama bin laden was killed, did anyone ask the us where they buried him?
they just released elementary sketches.
rishi raj: there have been a series of dialogues with social media platforms such as whatsapp, facebook and twitter on checking the spread of fake news and leak of users data.
however, there is no clarity on what the government has achieved so far.
we respect freedom of the press.
i appreciate social media because it is a new empowerment tool for ordinary indians.
but the constitutional norms under article 19 should also be kept in mind.
so when a social media platform is used to promote radicalisation, terrorism, massacre, mayhem, we will be tough on them.
they have realised it.
we have also told them that if you abuse the data of indians for collateral purposes, that will not be acceptable.
the election commission is now on the job.
i had issued a warning to mark zuckerberg, a good friend of mine.
the very next day he apologised.
cambridge analytica was issued a notice.
they replied to one and eloped thereafter.
the matter is now with the cbi.
i had an interaction with whatsapp.
in the wake of lynchings, i asked them how was it that on the same day, on the same issue, at the same time, and in the same area, lakhs of the same message are being circulated.
its not rocket science to identify them.
they have now limited forwarded messages to five.
i also told them to set up a grievance cell and office in india.
they have agreed.
pranav mukul: there was a lot being done on the draft personal data protection bill, 2018.
but it yet to see the light of the day.
the bill required more concentration.
i said that since the whole world was awaiting our data protection law, so we must concentrate.
dont forget that the justice b n srikrishna committee submitted that report (draft bill), we had two-three rounds of consultations we needed some more consultation.
i said if they want some more time, go ahead.
i think we are coming back to power and then we will take care of it.
kaunain sheriff m: the revised memorandum of procedure (mop) on appointment of judges has not been finalised yet.
we know that in at least seven appointments, especially names recommended for elevation by the collegiums of the high courts of kerala and allahabad, you have raised objections citing the proximity of some candidates to sitting judges and judicial officers, and asked for a wider pool of names.
will we see some of these criteria in the finalised mop?
i think a judge should not be disqualified merely because of a relationship.
that should not be the only criteria.
if you are independently competent, then why not?
thats our approach and i am very happy that the judiciary also has the same.
my approach to the mop is very clear.
there has to be a screening process based on suitability and merit.
there must be a corpus of competent people to choose from.
there must be an institutional mechanism of screening  at the collegium, high court and supreme court.
that job is still going on.
we will discuss it again.
i have never said that the appointments are bad, i wish to make that very clear.
ravish tiwari: the modi government seems to have a very tense relationship with the judiciary.
why are you so angry with them?
its not about anger.
we had mentioned in our manifesto that the present system of appointments should change.
this has been said in three law commission reports as well.
also, the highest number of judicial appointments have happened in the last five years.
the average appointment of high court judges since 1989 has been between 83-84.
in 2016, there were 126 judges appointed to high courts  the highest in 30 years.
there have been 110-115 (appointments) every year.
about the collegium architecture, the supreme court itself has said that the government has the right to seek reconsideration.
and, whenever we have sought a reconsideration, it has been objective, fair and reasonable.
ravish tiwari: but the government doesnt seem to respond to the judiciarys concerns.
last january, when four senior judges held a press conference and spoke out against the then chief justice, the government was silent.
there was no attempt to address their concerns.
the government should not interfere in the workings of the judiciary.
the government must not at all interfere in the constitutional workings of the supreme court.
i dont want to get into the circumstances under which (the press conference) was held.
the concerns of the judiciary family should be settled in the family itself.
i did intervene in a definitive case.
it was about the appointment of a judge to the karnataka high court against whom there were serious allegations of misbehaviour with a lady.
there was a complaint against him.
i said you will not be appointed till a fair enquiry is conducted.
kiran rathee: you mentioned the increase in mobile phone factories in india.
but these are mostly assembling units.
real manufacturing isnt taking place here.
mostly chinese companies are coming here to set up a base and many indian companies are being pushed out of the market.
i differ with you on the point that these are only assembling units.
assembly is the initial process for manufacturing.
also, i dont agree that indian companies are being pushed out.
overcoming hiccups is a part of the process and we will overcome them.
if you have chinese companies coming here then there are a lot of indian companies in china too.
liz mathew: what do you make of all the hatred and negativity directed at minority communities and muslims on social media?
we dont support it all.
when the lynchings were happening, the prime minister said, unko mat maro, himmat hai toh mujhe maaro (dont kill them.
if you have the courage, kill me).
it was a tough message and tough action has been taken.
but yes, why is the yardstick of secularism only used against us.
what is mamataji (chief minister mamata banerjee) doing in bengal?
the number of religious processions that have been physically stopped there in kerala rss workers are being killed cruelly.
even congress people are being killed.
there has to be a holistic view.
if you look at our record objectively i have raised the issue of triple talaq.
i thought women leaders such as soniaji (gandhi) and priyanka gandhi will do more, but nothing.
these are important issues.
liz mathew: but triple talaq affects less than 2 per cent of the muslim population.
its an important issue, but what about issues such as lack of social development and education that affect the community?
shouldnt the government focus on that?
you cant say why did you do this and not that.
its a gender equality and gender justice issue.
yes, we have to take care of other things as well.
so many women have been covered under the ujjwala yojana, it also includes muslim women.
if two crore people in india have got the benefits of ayushman bharat, it also includes muslims.
of the 14 crore mudra yojana beneficiaries, almost one- third are women, minorities and sc/sts.
it is not from the perspective of getting votes.
it is the duty of the government to take care of everyone.
abantika ghosh: speaking of gender quality, why has the womens reservation bill not been passed yet?
it has been discussed.
at the panchayat level, many of our states have given 50 per cent reservation to women.
in municipalities too.
in a first, the prime minister has given women pilots a chance to fly fighter planes.
we have had bsf women on bullet motorcycles showing their riding prowess on rajpath.
there are other things as well, such as the beti bachao, beti padhao yojana.
yes, there is a genuine divide (on the bill).
we need to build a consensus.
some believe that only obc women should be given reservation.
they believe that if there is blanket reservation, then only elite, educated women will occupy the positions.
some want reservation for obc, sc/st and other extremely backward castes also.
we need to find answers to these questions.
these issues need to be debated.
ravish tiwari: for a long time now we have been hearing about ram lalla, mandir wahin banayenge (we will make the temple there).
advertisingits our firm commitment that a ram lalla temple should be erected.
the matter is in the supreme court.
both the president and the prime minister have said that you have to achieve it through constitutional means.
and yes, we would like the hearing to be expedited.
in the case of sabarimala, section 377, urban maoists, the hearing was expedited.
this suit is 70 years old, and as a lawyer for ram lalla, i know that there is overpowering evidence available on which the argument to expedite the hearing can be made.
i hope the court does that.
b'samajwadi party candidate for rajya sabha jaya bachchan filing her nomination at state assembly in lucknow on friday.
(source: express photo by vishal srivastav) samajwadi party candidate for rajya sabha jaya bachchan filing her nomination at state assembly in lucknow on friday.
(source: express photo by vishal srivastav)samajwadi party candidate jaya bachchan on friday filed nomination for rajya sabha from uttar pradesh at the state assembly in lucknow in presence of sahara group chairman subrata roy and party mp and former state chief minister akhilesh yadavs wife dimple yadav.
the 69-year-old actor-politician has been a samajwadi party member in the rajya sabha since 2004, for three terms.
her rajya sabha term ends in april.
meanwhile, finance minister arun jaitley, whose rajya sabha term from gujarat is coming to an end, will also contest elections to the upper house from uttar pradesh, according to an announcement made by the bharatiya janata party (bjp)s central election committee on thursday.
the committee also said that law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will be contesting from bihar, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan will stand from madhya pradesh, and hrd minister prakash javadekar will contest from maharashtra.
while pradhan is currently a member from bihar, javadekar is from madhya pradesh.
the bjp is expected to increase its strength as 58 seats are going for elections on march 23.
bjps impressive performance in the past two years would have a favourable impact on the party.
the current strength of the bjp in the 239-member house is 58 and the nda has 82.
the number of seats falling vacant are  uttar pradesh(10), maharashtra and bihar (6 each), west bengal and madhya pradesh (5 each), karnataka and gujarat (4 each), andhra pradesh, telangana, odisha and rajasthan (3 each), jharkhand( 2) and chhattisgarh, haryana, himachal and uttarakhand (1 each).
b'bihar cm nitish kumar, his deputy sushil modi and ljp chief ram vilas paswan in patna on thursday.
pti bihar cm nitish kumar, his deputy sushil modi and ljp chief ram vilas paswan in patna on thursday.
ptileaders and workers of all nda allies in bihar on thursday attended a dinner meeting in what is was seen as a show of solidarity.
however, rashtriya lok samata party (rlsp) national president and union minister upendra kushwaha did not attend the meeting.
rlsp national secretary and spokesperson abhayanand suman said that kushwaha was scheduled to attend the meeting, but his visit was cancelled due to some last minute issues.
suman asserted that the alliance was strong and there were no misgivings.
he (kushwaha) had asked other party members to attend the meeting.
all central leaders, our state president, mps and mlas, along with approximately 200 workers and local leaders, were present at the dinner.
the alliance is solid and unbreakable, suman said.
questioned about reports that kushwaha did not intend to attend the meeting, as it was not a national level meeting, suman said, he was set to come, but could not due to some exigency.
but, he made sure all central party leaders attend.
there was no doubt in anyones mind.
apart from the state bjp leadership and ministers, including deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, bihar bjp in-charge bhupendra yadav, and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, several others were in attendance.
lok janshakti party chief and union minister ram vilas paswan, his son chirag paswan, bihar chief minister nitish kumar and several senior jdu leaders were also present.
the dinner meet hosted by the bjp comes in the wake of claims being made by nda allies over who would take the lead for the alliance in bihar.
leaders from all the constituent parties told reporters that the results would be positive.
b'congress president rahul gandhi also accused the government of baiting the media.
(source: express photo by anil sharma/file) congress president rahul gandhi also accused the government of baiting the media.
(source: express photo by anil sharma/file)targeting prime minister narendra modi-led bharatiya janata party (bjp) on their stand on the facebook data breach, congress president rahul gandhi on thursday said the ruling government was inventing the story to divert peoples attention from the killing of the 39 indians in iraq as it was caught lying in the matter.
he also accused the government of baiting the media.
what rahul tweetedproblem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved, rahul gandhi tweeted.
subsequently, congress communications in-charge randeep surjewala today hit out at pm modi and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad saying, hitler had an associate called goebbels, modi ji has an associate called ravishankarprasad prasad.
bjp govt has become a manufacturer of fake news.
sabse bade data chor macha rahe hain sabse zyada shor (the biggest data thiefs are making the most noise).
soon after the data leaks scandal broke out, both congress and bjp accused each other of using the services of data firm cambridge analytica to influence elections in india.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
result: media networks bite bait; 39 indians vanish from radar.
problem solved.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 22, 2018bjp continues to attack congressreiterating its allegations of congresss links to political data analytics firm cambridge analytica (ca), the bjp on thursday claimed that the firm was involved in rahul gandhis social media campaign and there had been meetings too in this regard.
the bjp also questioned the silence of the congress president for more than five months over media reports that claimed his party had roped in ca as brahmashtra to counter prime minister narendra modi in 2019.
the report in this regard was first published on october 9, 2017 and the party maintained silence until i raised the issue on wednesday.
they denied the allegations when they found themselves in trouble after the issue was brought to the fore, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at a press conference.
the minister, accepting full responsibility, said that ca had been managing the social media campaign for rahul gandhi and there had been meetings also in this connection.
the congress cannot run away from this fact.
if the congress maintains a conspicuous silence on such an important news of the involvement of a dubious social media company and does not counter it, then i am sorry.
they dont have any right to run the country, he said.
the congress denied the allegation and claimed that the bjp and its current ruling ally in bihar, jd(u), had engaged the data firm in elections, including in 2014.
though prasad quoted news reports that cambridge analytica may have been hired by the congress last year, the international data analytics firm has no mention of the congress party.
prasad, meanwhile, also delivered a sharp warning to the social media giant, saying the government would take stringent action, including summoning its ceo mark zuckerberg to india, in case of any data theft of indians.
what is the controversyaccording to reports, a facebook associate was involved in a massive breach of user information to allegedly influence polls in the us and the uk.
the firms services were used in the bihar assembly elections in 2010 and the india partner of cas parent company allegedly worked with three political parties  bjp, congress and jd(u).
external affairs minister sushma swaraj had in a statement in parliament on tuesday said that the 39 indians who were kidnapped by the terror outfit isis in june 2016, were killed.
several including the opposition leaders and the victims families questioned why the government kept them in the dark, while, others sought refuge in grief and demanded assistance from the centre.
the opposition parties tuesday slammed the nda government for making an announcement in parliament before intimating their families, calling it insensitive and unpardonable.
on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)nine days after it deferred its decision at the meeting called to consider the reiteration of the choice of elevating chief justice of uttarakhand justice k m joseph to the supreme court, the supreme court collegium is set to meet friday afternoon at 1 pm.
it was four months ago, at its meeting on january 10, that the collegium consisting of chief justice dipak misra, the senior-most judge in the apex court justice j chelameswar and justices ranjan gogoi, madan lokur and kurian joseph had decided unanimously to recommend the names of justice k m thomas and (then senior advocate) indu malhotra to the supreme court.
on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
read | four collegium judges meet, pressure on cji to reiterate justice k m josephs nameinterestingly, while the agenda on may 2 spoke of the matter of reconsideration of justice k m josephs name, it also appended the matter of elevation of judges from calcutta, rajasthan, telangana and andhra pradesh in view of the concept of fair representation.
this time, however, the second subject-matter on the agenda, is simply to consider names of high court judges for elevation as judges of the supreme court.
the difference in phrasing this time could be significant as the centre, while rejecting the elevation of justice k m joseph, had cited seniority (he is 42nd in the all india judges seniority list), regional representation and the lack of sc/sts representation.
related report | supreme court collegium meets but defers decision on justice josephs elevationthe centres contention was that kerala was over-represented, justice k m joseph was not senior enough and there were no sc/st judges.
the fair representation might have been viewed as the judiciary buckling under pressure from the centre on having conceded that on principle.
the phrase not being on the agenda may be indicative of a shift in the mood in the collegium from the last time.
apart from the supreme court bar association, several jurists and former chief justices and judges had said that the supreme court must go ahead and reiterate the name of justice k m joseph as it would then, as per the law in the country, be incumbent on the centre to swear him in.
former chief justice of india justice r m lodha had termed the governments move to segregate names  return justice joseph and approve malhotra  as striking at the very heart of judicial independence.
read | not avenging justice k m josephs uttarakhand order: ravishankarprasad prasadwhile many issues between the supreme court and the executive remain unresolved, including the memorandum of procedure (or the terms of engagement between them), the matter of justice k m thomas is being watched closely as a gauge of how far the supreme court with chief justice dipak misra at its helm, is ready to go to assert its independence.
the centre last month cleared the name of indu malhotra to be elevated but sent back justice k m josephs name.
it was justice joseph who had struck down the centres bid to impose presidents rule in uttarakhand.
the law minister denies that this is a factor.
also read: the judiciary is being undermined on multiple frontsas reported in the indian express, there was an informal meeting of four judges of the collegium on may 9.
that, alongwith a letter by justice j chelameswar to his four colleagues in the collegium, detailing why he felt justice k m josephs name should be reiterated immediately, appear to have resulted in cji dipak misra calling a formal meeting for friday to consider the matter.
the apex court is functioning with 24 judges out of a total strength of 31; four judges are expected to retire this year.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo)union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday asserted that the supreme court has permitted delivery of many pro-poor benefits through the application of adhaar card adding that though it is important to have adhaar, it is not mandatory for the receipt of any governments benefit.
i would not make any comment on the pending challenge on the adhaar in the supreme court.
but this is required to be clarified that the supreme court itself has permitted delivery of many pro-poor benefits to the poor by the application of adhaar.
but adhaar is not meant to be mandatory for the receipt of this mandate, said prasad.
he further said that if adhaar is not available, other identity proofs like a driving license or the ration card can be used to avail government benefits.
we have taken care of the peoples privacy and security through the law passed by parliament, he said.
on monday, union human resource and development (hrd) minister prakash javadekar said the use of adhaar for mid-day meal schemes in school has been initiated to check malpractices and ensure in transparency.
javadekar said the motive is to ensure that children are not denied mid-day meals.
the hrd minsiter said we want to bring transparency and want children to get mid-day meal.
but we dont want fraudulent activities to take place under its garb.
as far as mid-day meal and aadhaar link is concerned, i have made clear in parliament that no genuine student will be denied mid-day meal in any case, only on the ground that they dont have aadhaar.
we will give mid-day meal scheme to all students and also aadhaar card to all students, he added.
the hrd ministry made the unique identification number mandatory earlier this month for the students in order to avail mid-day meal scheme.
b'the supreme court of india today rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal) the supreme court of india today rejected any independent probe in the death of judge bh loya (express photo by tashi tobgyal)the supreme court on thursday dismissed petitions seeking an independent probe into the death of special cbi judge brijmohan harikishan loya, who was hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh encounter case.
the apex court, ruling that the death was due to natural causes, observed that the petitioners tried to scandalise the judiciary.
a three-judge bench, headed by chief justice of india dipak misra and comprising justices a m khanwilkar and d y chandrachud, pronounced its verdict after hearing a clutch of petitions.
records show that loya died of a heart attack in nagpur, maharashtra, on december 1, 2014.
the petitioners, however, had moved the top court alleging he died under mysterious circumstances.
at the time of his death in 2014, he was hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh fake encounter case, in which bjp president amit shah was named an accused.
shah was later acquitted in the case.
what the supreme court said?
announcing the order, the top court said that the petitions were a veiled attempt to launch a frontal attack on the independence of the judiciary and that there is no reason to doubt the statements of sitting judge.
the bench also said that the petitioners conduct prima-facie constitutes criminal contempt, but the court would spare them of any contempt action.
pronouncing the verdict, the apex court said that attempts were made to scandalise the judiciary by levelling serious allegations against judicial officers and judges of the bombay high court.
there is no reason to doubt statements of four judges on circumstances leading to the death of loya and the documents placed on record and their scrutiny establishes that loyas death was due to natural cause, the sc bench said.
read | top quotes of the judgmentreactions to the judgmentreacting to the supreme courts judgment, congress said the judgment has left many questions unanswered and marks a sad day in indias history.
the verdict marks a sad day in indias history.
the supreme court verdict has left many questions unanswered.
there were discrepancies in the post-mortem report, even in recording the name of the victim properly, congress media in-charge randeep singh surjewala said.
asserting that the congress reiterates demand for an independent and fair probe into judge loyas death, surjewala said the issue of criminality or lack of it can only be decided through an investigation.
read | sad day in indias history, sc verdict leaves many questions unanswered, says congressrahul gandhi invisible hand behind loya pils, should apologise: bjpthe bjp alleged that congress president rahul gandhi was the invisible hand behind the petitions and demanded an apology from him and sonia gandhi for defaming its top leadership.
the congress president had tried to use the judiciary for the character assassination of the bjp chief, party spokesperson sambit patra said.
his colleague and union minister mukhtar abbas naqvi added that the supreme court verdict had demolished the congress efforts to defame the bjps top leadership and the party, rahul gandhi and sonia gandhi should apologise for the sin.
read | rahul gandhi used judiciary for character assassination of amit shah, says bjprahul gandhi should not fight political battles through corridors of court: ravishankarprasad prasadunion law minister ravishankarprasad prasad welcomed the verdict and alleged that the case was not activated to serve public interest but to serve the interests of congress and damage the interests of bjp and its chief amit shah in particular.
the court said political battles must be fought on political grounds.
it clearly means that the case was fought as political battle against our party president amit shah.
i urge rahul gandhi not to fight political battles through corridors of court, said prasad.
if youre doubting credentials of the judiciary, then you are also doubting the credentials of all the investigations & evidences.
i think rahul gandhi should apologise to amit shah: dr jitendra singh, mos pmo, on #judgeloya verdict pic.
twitter.com/gbasiad7ni  ani (@ani) april 19, 2018order shows judiciary cannot be misled: rajnath singhunion home minister rajnath singh said the apex courts order in the case has sent out a clear message that the judiciary cannot be misled by allegations based on political vendetta.
the minister, who posted a series of tweets, also came down heavily on several attempts to target the bjp and its top leaders through fake cases.
it is extremely unfortunate that there have been several attempts of targeting the bjp and assassinating the character of its top leaders on the basis of fake facts.
these attempts have failed miserably once again, he said on twitter.
the home minister said the order has also raised serious questions on the intention of filing such pils.
the supreme court has also cautioned against the misuse of courts in political tug of war.
the sc verdict gives a clear message that the judiciary can not be misled by allegations based on political vendetta, singh said.
the sc while dismissing the petition seeking independent investigation into judge loyas death, said that judges cant lie.
their word must be treated to be the gospel truth.
anyone who questions judges is guilty of contempt!
judges in their own cause?
https://t.
co/fifk7nmcos  prashant bhushan (@pbhushan1) april 19, 2018petitions seeking probe in the case filed with vested interests: mukul rohatgiformer attorney general mukul rohatgi said the pleas seeking probe into the death of loya were filed with vested interests and the purpose was to attack the functioning of the government.
welcoming the apex court, rohatgi said: the very fact that the judge died in the company of his colleagues shows that there is nothing wrong in the matter.
the manner in which these cases were argued is a classic case of contempt.
there are vested interests because they want to attack people collaterally and they used the judge for this purpose.
this is unacceptable.
he also attacked the caravan magazine which came out with the reports on judge loyas death more than three years after he passed away, saying that the magazine has made untruthful statements.
all the facts are wrong.
if a probe was ordered it would mean those 3-4 judges who were with judge loya that evening are telling lies.
can we allow that?
our judges are made of different metal, we cannot let this doubt prevail on our judges.
to believe that judges were speaking a lie is completely absurd.
why should anybody doubt them?
i hope these kind of things are not repeated.
this is not in line with the traditions of the supreme court, he said.
chronological order of events taking place in the casedecember 1, 2014: bs loya dies of cardiac arrest in nagpur, where he had gone to attend the wedding of a colleagues daughter.
november 2017: issue comes under spotlight after media reports quote his sister fuelling suspicion about the circumstances surrounding loyas death and its link to the sohrabuddin case.
january 11, 2018: supreme court agrees to hear two pleas seeking independent probe into loyas death.
january 12, 2018: supreme court terms serious matter the alleged mysterious death of loya, seeks response from maharashtra government.
january 16, 2018: supreme court says maharashtra government can decide which documents relating to the death of loya could be handed over to the petitioners.
january 22, 2018: terming serious the issues raised in the pleas on death of loya, sc transfers to itself two petitions related to loyas death from bombay high court.
january 31, 2018: former navy chief admiral (retd) l ramdas moves the supreme court seeking an independent inquiry into the matter by a panel of retired apex court judges and former police officers.
february 2, 2018: supreme court says it was concerned only with the death of loya and would not go into other aspects including amit shahs discharge in the sohrabuddin sheikh case.
february 5, 2018: a mumbai lawyers body decides to petition the supreme court, seeking cross-examination of 11 people, including two judges, in connection with loyas death.
febraury 9, 2018: maharashtra government opposes pleas seeking independent probe into the matter, terming them motivated and based on yellow journalism.
febraury 12, 2018: maharashtra government tells supreme court the statements of four judges, who were with loya on the last day of his life and had termed his death natural, were unimpeachable.
february 19, 2018: supreme court says it was treating loyas case with utmost seriousness and for a cause.
the same day senior advocates for petitioners say pressure being exerted on them to leave the case.
march 5, 2018: supreme court says change of roster in bombay high court a routine affair, adds questions should not be raised over the change in the judge hearing the sohrabuddin sheikh case in the high court.
march 8, 2018: supreme court takes umbrage over accusation by senior lawyer for casting aspersions on judges that they were only asking searching questions to those who brought the loya death case before it, and not to the maharashtra government.
march 9, 2018: maharashtra government comes down heavily on alleged accusations, bullying and browbeating of judges in the supreme court by some activist lawyers in the loya death case and said the judiciary and judicial officers need to be saved from such averments.
march 9, 2018: centre for public interest litigation, an intervenor ngo in the case, says loya may have died due to poisoning as he had complained of chest congestion.
march 12, 2018: a mumbai-based lawyers body brings on record in supreme court an order of the bombay high court to allege that one of the two judges, who had given statement in the loya death case, had ordered settlement of a criminal case against a top bjp leader in 2014.
march 16, 2018: supreme court reserves verdict on pleas for probe into loyas deathapril 19, 2018: supreme court dismisses pleas seeking an independent probe into the case, saying attempts were made to scandalise and malign the judiciary by levelling serious allegations against judicial officers and judges of bombay high court.
b'the pms choicesprime minister manmohan singh was personally interested in montek singh ahluwalia,brajesh mishra and shyam saran being honoured with padma awards this year.
they were rewarded for services in promoting the indo-us nuclear deal and strengthening ties with the us.
saran was foreign secretary when the nuclear deal was clinched.
planning commission deputy chairperson,montek singh ahluwalia,whose wife isher incidentally was awarded a padma two years ago,played a key role in preparing the draft document for the deal.
brajesh mishra differed with his party,the bjp,in endorsing the nuclear deal.
he even spoke in favour of the civil nuclear liability bill,long before the bjp agreed to support it.
some bjp leaders who resented mishra,a virtual outsider,being given the top slot in atal bihari vajpayees pmo, now claim that mishra bailed out the congress more than once during vajpayees tenure.
one-upmanship yatrathe bjps ekta yatra to hoist the tri-colour at lal chowk evolved from a modest programme of the bjps yuva morcha to a major confrontation between the party and the government.
this was due partly to the shrill over-reaction of the upa and also because of competitive rivalry within the bjps own ranks.
when its youth wing chief,anurag thakur,proposed hoisting the flag at lal chowk,chief minister,omar abdullah reacted belligerently.
the union home ministry intervened to stop abdullah from shooting off his mouth.
in the process,the home ministry,and even prime minister manmohan singh,spoke out forcefully against the bjp plan.
with the upa upping the ante,arun jaitley,who was earlier slated to speak in jammu,opted to join the yatra.
parliamentary leader sushma swaraj promptly followed suit,as did ananth kumar.
unhappy to be left out,former bjp president,rajnath singh,donned a knitted bonnet and sat on dharna in delhi.
swaraj provided regular updates of the ongoing tussle between the bjp leaders and the authorities on her new twitter account,competing with media-in-charge ravishankarprasad prasad,who regularly briefed journalists in delhi on the same issue.
weaving a storyone of this years padma shri awardees is gajam govardhana,a craftsman from andhra pradesh whose family still produces the delicately woven telia rumal sari.
govardhana has won several national and international awards for continuing a weaving tradition which is almost extinct.
his most famous customer is sonia gandhi whose telia rumal saris are of the finest quality tussar silk.
incidentally,no practising journalist was included in this years awards list.
some feel this is a fall-out of the radia tapes.
others point out that because of an rti application,all the names of journalists nominated for awards this year were made public and circulated widely through sms.
this made it embarrassing for the government to pick and choose from the list,as those left out would have felt offended.
two prospective pmsworld bank president robert b zoellick met rahul gandhi during his recent visit to india and had an unpublicised one-hour long private meeting with the gandhi scion.
the congress youth leader is believed to have impressed zoellick by referring to several rural development schemes launched by the upa government and the right to information bill.
during his week-long stay in the country,zoellick also flew to bihar where he met chief minister nitish kumar and got a glimpse of the kosi river cleanup operation.
while chatting with finance minister pranab mukherjee,zoellick remarked that he had met two prospective indian prime ministers,gandhi and kumar,during his trip.
overburdened elitethe long-awaited revamp of the congress party organisation has been postponed yet again.
it is three years since the organisation was re-vamped and the high command seems in no hurry to rectify the anomalies in which a few office bearers hold dual and even triple charges.
in fact,some congress leaders have been entrusted with even more responsibilities over the last fortnight.
oscar fernandes,who is chairperson of the parliamentary hrd standing committee and heads half-a-dozen key aicc committee,including the central election authority,organisation of aicc meetings and cwc sessions,has been put in charge of haryana and jammu and kashmir,which were earlier entrusted to prithviraj chavan.
v narayanasamy,who is now minister of state in the pmo,is also in charge of the parliamentary affairs,personnel and public grievances portfolios and looks after chhattisgarh and some northeastern states for the party.
b'the proposal to have a single number for various emergency services, approved by the inter-ministerial panel telecom commission, would be similar to the 911 all-in-one emergency service in the us.
(source: ravi kanojia) the proposal to have a single number for various emergency services, approved by the inter-ministerial panel telecom commission, would be similar to the 911 all-in-one emergency service in the us.
(source: ravi kanojia)people will soon have to dial just a single-number 112 for help during emergency situations such as availing services of police, ambulance and the fire department.
the proposal to have a single number for various emergency services, approved by the inter-ministerial panel telecom commission, would be similar to the 911 all-in-one emergency service in the us.
all existing emergency numbers will be phased out within a year of rolling out 112, depending upon the awareness about this new facility.
telecom commission has accepted trais recommendation on single emergency number 112.
it will now be drafted by the department of telecom and will require telecom ministers (ravi shankar prasad) approval.
it will be rolled out within months rather than a year, an official source said.
the source said the panel has accepted recommendations of the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) after including clarifications given by it.
in india, different emergency communication and response systems are in place  police (100), fire brigade (101), ambulance (102) and emergency disaster management (108).
also, a number of states have notified various helpline numbers for assistance to special categories of citizens, like woman in distress  181 (delhi), missing children and women  1094 (delhi), crime against women  1096 (delhi), police headquarter helpline  1090 (uttar pradesh) etc.
a person in distress will now need to call 112, which will direct the call to concerned departments immediately for help.
the service will also be accessible even through those sims and landlines whose outgoing call facility has been stopped or temporarily suspended.
a user will be able to make communication even through sms and the system will learn about the location of the caller that will be shared with the nearest help centre.
the service will be operated by a call centre like facility, which will have representatives speaking in hindi, english and the local language.
bjp on thursday came out in defence of amit shah, saying narendra modis close aide, who was censured by the election commission for controversial poll speeches, did not violate the model code of conduct.
bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad, at the same time, welcomed the poll panels action against uttar pradesh minister azam khan, alleging the sp leader made provocative speeches seeking to spark communal tension.
the election commissions orders are final.
but as far as my understanding.
in case of amit shah, i have checked and re-checked all his speeches and it was not at all a violation of the model code of conduct, he said.
yes, in case of azam khan it was evident.
he challenged the authority of the election commission.
he gave provocative speeches.
seeking (to create) a communal divide, prasad said.
the commission had censured shah and khan for making controversial remarks during the poll campaigning.
the ecs decision came days after it had banned the two leaders from campaigning in uttar pradesh during the ongoing lok sabha elections.
reacting to the ec order, shah had said he would abide by the poll panels decision while comparing himself with the best bowler who also bowls a no-ball.
the intention in my speeches was not to violate the model code.
it is the election commissions prerogative to interpret my speeches.
the election commission is the supreme body and i will abide by its decision.
when any bowler bowls, he also throws a no-ball, he has said.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (source: twitter/bjp/file) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (source: twitter/bjp/file)the government on wednesday rejected the congresss allegation that the arrest of karti chidambaram was vendetta.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government does not interfere and the law must take its own course in the case.
he said the nature of evidence available against the offender must speak for itself and not the alibi of vendetta.
the law is taking its course.
the law must take its course.
the cbi will explain all the details.
we do not wish to interfere.
there is no interference of the government, he told reporters.
but i will only make one observation.
when such issues are raised, what is important is that the nature of evidence available against the offender must speak for itself and not the alibi of vendetta, he said.
on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi) on april 26, the government returned for reconsideration the collegiums recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph but notified the appointment of malhotra as a judge.
(express photo by neeraj priyadarshi)the much-awaited meeting of the five most senior judges who constitute the supreme court collegium, which was expected to act on its reiteration of justice k m josephs name, ended with the decision being deferred for the third time.
the meeting, which began at 4.
15 pm lasted nearly two hours, the longest any collegium meeting has lasted this year.
it was attended by all five members of the collegium, cji dipak misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan lokur and kurian joseph.
the meeting failed to reiterate justice k m josephs name despite having pre-arranged to meet to do precisely that last week, apart from suggesting other names for the supreme court.
the apex court is currently functioning with just 25 judges, six below its sanctioned strength.
five judges of the court are scheduled to retire in 2018  justice chelameswar as early as june 22.
on may 11, the supreme court had chosen to put its foot down, but cautiously, saying that it was for the reiteration but promising to send other names too for elevation along with the reiteration.
the calculation was that simply sending the reiteration would amount to throwing a gauntlet to the centre and likely to lead to a major confrontation.
read | not avenging justice k m josephs uttarakhand order: ravishankarprasad prasadthe collegium had then declared in its resolution: the chief justice and other members of the collegium have, on principle, unanimously agreed that the recommendation for appointment of mr justice k m joseph, chief justice, uttarakhand high court (parent high court: kerala) as a judge of the supreme court should be reiterated.
however, the said reiteration should also be accompanied by the recommendation of the names of chief justices of high courts for elevation as judges of the supreme court, for which detailed discussion is required.
the resolution had added: in view of the aforesaid, the meeting stands deferred for being held at 4.
15 pm on wednesday, may 16, 2018.
despite a detailed discussion on wednesday, it is not known what happened resulting in the deferral.
the date of the next collegium meeting too has not been fixed.
the supreme court goes on vacation after may 18 and will reconvene in july.
in the past, collegium meetings are known to have been held during the vacation as well.
there has been much debate about what is stalling the collegium from formally reiterating his name to the centre, despite stating they will do so on principle last time around.
according to rules, should the supreme court reiterate the name, the centre would have no choice other than to swear him in.
the matter of the elevation of the chief justice of the uttarakhand high court justice k m joseph was stalled by the centre, as it refused to clear his name, while segregating the case of justice indu malhotra, who was also recommended to be a judge in the same meeting of the collegium on january 10, 2018.
indu malhotra, the first woman member of the bar to make it directly to the supreme court, was sworn in last month.
the matter of justice k m josephs elevation has become a gauge of judicial independence.
this is especially because justice joseph, in march 2016, had struck down the centres bid to dismiss the state government in uttarakhand.
the law minister has denied that his elevation is being resisted because of this.
in its letter asking the collegium to reconsider the elevation of justice k m joseph, the government had cited over-representation of kerala, lack of sc/st judges and his lack of requisite seniority.
jurists and former chief justices of the supreme court have dismissed these reasons arguing for his elevation as the litmus test for judicial independence.
jurist soli sorabjee had said on may 8, that the ball lies in the court of the chief justice, adding that we dont need sarkari judges.
ex-cji r m lodha said that the governments segregation of the recommendations strikes at the very heart of the independence of the judiciary.
b'welcoming the trai decision barring differential pricing on the internet, senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad, who is also the union minister for communications and information technology, said it was fully in line with the bjp-led nda governments vision of open and fair internet and support to net neutrality.
in a statement issued from the bjp office, prasad said the decision would give a strong impetus to prime minister narendra modis dream of digital india.
read | trai slams the phone on differential pricing; telcos, facebook disappointedit may be added that the congress party tried its best to create an atmosphere of distrust and fear while the process was going on and in the process made a deplorable attempt to mislead the people for the sake of petty politics.
today they stand completely exposed, he said.
trai slams differential pricing for internet services: what it meansprasad added that the government made sure proper processes were followed at all levels which eventually led to the victory of an open and equal internet.
read | key points from the trai orderit is gladdening to see that the nda government ensured unparalleled transparency in the entire issue of net neutrality, said the union minister.
congress vice-president rahul gandhi, who had earlier voiced support for net neutrality, welcomed trais decision, calling it a big win for internet users in india.
read | facebook free basics and net neutrality debate: all that has happened so farhe praised those who campaigned tirelessly and fought hard to ensure that internet remains free and equal for all.
rahul had last week accused the government of delaying a decision on the net neutrality issue on the pretext of repeated discussions and taken a dig at modi, saying his digital india scheme cannot become a euphemism for an internet controlled by large remote corporations.
the congress said the government should now look sincerely into the problem of call drops.
the partys communication department head randeep surjewala said the trai decision, though taken after contradictory posturing on part of the government vindicates the demands of millions of net neutrality supporters.
it proves that determination and grit of 21st century indians on an idea like free internet founded on core value of freedom can win over the interest of big lobbyists and corporations, he said.
read | net neutrality: now rahul gandhi joins debate, slams govt for delay in decisionwe hope now the government will look seriously and sincerely into the issue of call drops that is afflicting nearly 100 crore mobile phone users across service providers, he added.
the trinamool congress too welcomed the trai decision, claiming that the party raised the net neutrality issue in parliament from april 2015.
party mp derek obrien tweeted: from april 2015, (we) have raised issue of #netneutrality inside & outside #parliament.
photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handle.
photo of ms dhoni posted on twitter by cscegov handle.
aicc general secretary digvijaya singh on tuesday took to twitter and said that it minister ravishankarprasad prasad leaking ms dhonis aadhaar card details was shameful, and he should apologise immediately, adding that another adhaar card should be made for dhoni.
singh also wrote dhonis wife sakshi is fully justified to be angry and upset.
earlier in the day, sakshi dhoni, wife of the former indian cricket team captain, apprised ravishankarprasad prasad of a privacy data breach, after a picture of dhoni giving his biometric details to csc vle, along with his application form, was posted on its official twitter handle.
the union minister liked the tweet without noticing that dhonis details had been shared.
prasad later promised sakshi that serious action would be taken against those responsible.
debates around the aadhaar card and citizens right to privacy have been rife, as the lok sabha on march 10 passed the aadhaar (targeted delivery of financial and other subsidies, benefits and services) bill, 2016, to ensure targeted services to the intended beneficiaries by assigning them unique identity numbers.
the main argument against the aadhaar has been that it infringes upon the citizens right to privacy, which flows from article 21 that talks about the fundamental right to life.
a petition filed in the supreme court in january said that citizens were required to give their biometric information  iris and fingerprint scans  when there is no system that assures them that this data is safe and would not be misused by the private agencies collecting the data.
the sc declined the hearing of the pil, but said that data collection by private agencies might not be a great idea.
chief justice of india js khehar said this after senior advocate shyam divan sought urgent hearing of the plea, citing privacy concerns.
it would become a 100 per cent surveillance state, said divan, adding there were privacy concerns since biometric data was being collected by private agencies.
in october last year, the sc had asked the government to address the basic questions in a democracy governed by law, such as what the privacy rights of citizens are, and whether or not they are all protected equally under this.
following this, it had allowed the government to use aadhaar for mahatma gandhi national rural employment guarantee scheme (mgnregs), national social assistance programme (old age pensions, widow pensions, disability pensions) prime ministers jan dhan yojana (pmjdy) and employees provident fund organisation (epfo).
later, the court clarified that the linking of aadhaar for providing these services will only be on voluntary basis and no person shall be deprived of any benefit for want of an aadhaar card.
new us president donald trumps buy american-hire american rallying cry has put the usd 150-billion indian it industry on edge, which is in wait-and-watch mode to see how the new administration evolves policies around outsourcing and movement of skilled workers.
(source: ap photo) new us president donald trumps buy american-hire american rallying cry has put the usd 150-billion indian it industry on edge, which is in wait-and-watch mode to see how the new administration evolves policies around outsourcing and movement of skilled workers.
(source: ap photo)new us president donald trumps buy american-hire american rallying cry has put the usd 150-billion indian it industry on edge, which is in wait-and-watch mode to see how the new administration evolves policies around outsourcing and movement of skilled workers.
india hopes to have a meaningful engagement with the us, electronics and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
watch what else is in the newsgiven that us market accounts for 60 per cent of indias it exports, the industry and the government here will spare no efforts in their outreach programme over the next few weeks to showcase the role of indian technology sector in making the us economy more competitive and highlight its contribution in terms of billions of dollars paid in taxes and creation of local jobs.
indian it companies are in 200 cities across 80 countries.
they have added big value to the us, and given jobs to lakhs of people including american people there.
i am given to understand that they have paid billions of dollars in tax so they have added value to america in terms of money, by way of tax and also employment, prasad told pti in an interview just hours before trump was sworn in as the 45th us president.
stating that india wishes to have a meaningful engagement with the trump government, prasad said: we will await unfolding of his views about indian it companies outreach.
we have already conveyed our views to them and we will continue (to do so).
nasscom president r chandrashekhar said trump has been pro-india and understands business realities being a businessman himself.
the adverse impact on job creation within the us on account of any restriction put has to be weighed very carefully (by the new administration), he cautioned.
communication and outreach will, therefore, be more critical, he said, adding that nasscom is planning a visit to washington in february to meet senior representatives of the us administration and the congress.
trumps america first pledge, which formed the essence of his inaugural speech last friday, has reinforced worries of protectionist posturing and unnerved the indian it industry which, as it is, has been battling headwinds of a slowing growth.
trump has vowed to rebuild the country using american hands and his inaugural was punctuated with lines like buy american and hire american.
we must protect our borders from the ravages of other countries making our products, stealing our companies, and destroying our jobs.
protection will lead to great prosperity and strength, trump said.
trumps hardline stance on protectionism and anti-immigration is no surprise to the indian industry.
while companies have tried putting on a brave face, concerns run deep about tightening of visa norms that will push up the cost of doing business.
earlier this month, a bill targeting h-1b visas was reintroduced in the us congress by two lawmakers who said it will help crack down on the work visa abuse.
any restriction placed by the us on outsourcing or movement of skilled workers will have far-reaching consequences for indian firms like tcs, infosys and wipro.
already, companies have been preparing to mitigate the impact and have ramped up local hiring even if it means eating into their margins.
hoping for a business-friendly administration, infosys chief vishal sikka said trump himself is an entrepreneur and a business leader and therefore, he expects that this will be the case of business and innovation-friendly regime.
in the near term, we do expect there will be changes to the visa and h1-b visa policies.
as policies take effect, we will consider, analyse and understand their impact, he said.
the larger rival, tata consultancy services (tcs), has also said it is proactively addressing these concerns by making changes to its business model.
greyhound research chief analyst and ceo sanchit gogia said better skilled jobs, including coding and maintenance, are likely to remain unaffected, given their scarce availability and exclusivity.
also, its critical to remember that most us-based companies  including many fortune 500s  are deeply invested (and dependent) on indian it service providers and neither they nor the trump administration is in a position to make drastic changes, he pointed out.
lok sabha elections exit poll results 2019 india: as voting in the marathon lok sabha elections 2019 ended on sunday evening, the exit polls, to be released shortly, will predict who is likely to form the next government at the centre.
an exit poll survey attempts to reveal what political party are voters leaning towards.
it is based on a small sample size of voters and the outcome could be different from the official election results.
exit poll results 2019 live updatesadvertisingthe election commission of india (eci) has embargoed the broadcast and publication of exit polls till the time voting ends in the last phase in order to avoid influencing the voters mindset.
also read | what are exit polls and how reliable are their results: all your questions answeredwhen will the exit polls be announced?
following the end of polling, exit polls will be released by several media outlets on all 543 seats of the parliament today after 6 pm.
advertisingalso read | how to watch lok sabha elections exit poll results livewho are the key candidates?
the key candidates in the fray include prime minister narendra modi, congress president rahul gandhi, bjp chief amit shah, rajnath singh, sonia gandhi, pragya thakur, kanaiah kumar, sunny deol, digvijaya singh, shatrughan sinha, ravishankarprasad prasad, shashi tharoor among others.
while the key seats include the varanasi, amethi, waynad, gandhinagar, lucknow among others.
where and how to watch the exit pollsvarious news channels along with other agencies release exit poll results.
some of the channels and agencies are  news24, chanakya exit poll, india today exit poll and c-group exit poll.
how reliable are exit polls?
exit polls have often proved to be unreliable in india.
there have been several instances when they have predicted the verdict of an election incorrectly.
in 2004, the exit polls wrongly predicted bjp-led nda coalition winning again, while in 2009 they underestimated the congress-led upas seat share.
however, exit polls conducted by tv channels in 2014 were mostly accurate as they predicted bjp and its allies would form the government.
b'lokman singh karki lokman singh karkilast week, nepals supreme court settled two major cases.
a three-member bench annulled the appointment of lokman singh karki, chief of the anti-graft constitutional body, inferring that he lacked the necessary qualification and the high moral character the office called for.
in another judgment, the court said that the little less than one hectare land in kathmandu that gyanendra shah gave as a wedding gift to his daughter when he was the king, is a property that should belong to the national trust, a body created to take over and manage property of the erstwhile royals.
in both cases, the supreme court reversed its own judgment given a couple of years ago, citing grave error in justice as the reason for entertaining respective appeals.
what is amazing is the speed at which justice was delivered  less than four months  when there are about 22,000 cases pending in the apex court, some for years.
interestingly, karki was appointed to the post nearly 45 months ago by the cabinet that was headed by the-then supreme court chief justice, khilraj regmi, on the recommendation of the heads of the four major political parties, including the current prime minister, pushpa kamal dahal.
a two-member bench of the supreme court had dismissed a public interest litigation challenging karkis appointment two years ago.
another two-member bench headed by the-then chief justice, ram kumar shah, had disposed off the wedding gift case in favour of the princess around the same time.
some civil society activists had taken to the streets, objecting to karkis appointment as the anti-graft head, a constitutional body, alleging that his track record as a bureaucrat was not good and that he did not have the high moral character the post demanded.
the supreme court entertained a pil recently by the same person, and found merit in his plea this time.
the fast-track judgments have raised serious questions about the fairness and impartiality of the judiciary that has now openly started recruiting judges according to their political allegiance.
although the two recent verdicts make no explicit adverse comments on the judges in the previous benches, the ground given for their review  gross errors in judgment  can be read as a disapproval of the judicial character and knowledge displayed by the judges whodelivered the earlier verdicts.
the judicial council, headed by chief justice sushila karki, met till friday midnight to finalise the list of 80 high court judges amidst a boycott by two of the five members.
justice baidhyanath upadhyay, next to the cj in seniority, and ram prasad sitaula, who represents the nepal bar in the council, abstained, apparently protesting a perceived deal between the cj and maoists in the appointment of the judges.
incidentally, only three members  the chief justice, law minister and the government nominee to the council, the last two belonging to the maoist party  approved the panel of judges drawn from the judicial service, bar and the lower courts.
some of those selected are close relatives of prominent nepali congress leaders.
the current chief justice has chosen not to constitute the constitutional bench as mandated by the constitution, as she does not get along with the senior-most judges entitled to be on that bench, fuelling discontent within.
the failure or inadequacy of the apex court has raised yet another fundamental question: who is the judiciary accountable to?
a discredited judiciary will have a far bigger impact on democracy than failing politicians.
a decade ago, by joining the peace process, the maoists gave out the message that they will no longer pursue totalitarian politics.
they advocated a judiciary in which judges have to be accountable to the legislature, but with their numbers declining in the second constituent assembly cum legislature, they gave up the demand.
however, in 2012, a new political experiment, a compromise on the principle of separation of powers, was undertaken that made khil raj regmi, chief justice of the supreme court, the prime minister as well.
india, the european union and the un approved it.
in indias case, it was not only the upa government then that welcomed the decision, but ravishankarprasad prasad, a senior opposition leader then and a union minister now, travelled to kathmandu and welcomed the head of judiciary being given the additional executive responsibility.
this was conveying a message that the opposition in india concurred with key political initiatives that the indian establishment took during the transition, including bringing the maoists to the democratic process, 2005 onwards.
election commission of india (file photo) election commission of india (file photo)the government has rejected a proposal by the election commission, which the panel said would enhance secrecy of voting.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, in a letter dated november 18, 2016, informed chief election commissioner nasim zaidi that the committee of ministers headed by home minister rajnath singh did not accept the demand to introduce totaliser machines for counting of votes.
these machines increase the secrecy of voting by counting votes polled at 14 polling booths together, as against the current practice of announcing booth-wise results.
according to the election commission, the identification of area-wise voting trends could encourage candidates and political parties to target areas where they got less votes.
before the introduction of electronic voting machines, counting of votes was done after mixing all ballot papers, which prevented the disclosure of voting patterns in every booth.
prasads letter does not state the reasons why the proposal was shot down.
the law minister could not be reached for a comment.
the ec first approached the law ministry in 2008 with the proposal to amend the conduct of election rules to introduce totaliser machine on counting day.
last august, a team of union ministers  rajnath singh, arun jaitley, manohar parrikar, nitin gadkari and ravishankarprasad prasad  was constituted on the direction of prime minister narendra modi to deliberate on the idea.
according to ec sources, the proposal was supported by only three (bsp, congress, ncp) of the six national parties after the commission demonstrated the use of the machine last march.
the bjp had opposed it on the ground that details of booth-wise performance of candidates was important for booth management.
the cpi(m) agreed in principle but added a rider saying that the machine should be used carefully and introduced in phases.
as first reported by the indian express on november 21, 2016, the law ministry hasnt accepted the ecs demand for permanent legal powers to cancel elections in case there is credible evidence of voters being bribed.
this was reiterated in prasads letter to zaidi on november 18.
the fastest-developing industry  with the possible exception of biotechnology  is regulated by nothing except the forces and rules of the market.
the fastest-developing industry  with the possible exception of biotechnology  is regulated by nothing except the forces and rules of the market.
if youre not paying for a product, then you are the product.
this old jungle saying predates the internet, but became an everyday reality with the arrival of free digital services  first email, and then social media and online storage.
if you dont pay in cash, you are paying with yourself.
the provider tracks your behaviour online, analyses your data and monetises the results.
in that light, the collapse of the web of trust in which we are all enmeshed  all, including cambridge analytica, which went rogue, facebook, whose data it put to political use, donald trump and ravishankarprasad prasad, who benefited politically and has been politically affected, respectively  was a crisis waiting to happen for over a decade.
this period saw the rise of big data analytics, artificial intelligence and social media, which crosslinks content, community and messaging.
with convergence, this has an effect across media.
data is flowing and being analysed and leveraged in unprecedented ways, and it is impossible for the average user to understand the implications of the terms of service agreements which must be signed before a new app can be used.
users just scroll down and tick the right box, consenting to the monetisation of their data.
perhaps it will be used to serve advertising more efficiently, or perhaps to persuade swing voters in the us and india.
service providers like facebook must face criticism for imposing contractual documents of staggering complexity on retail users.
when the scandal broke, facebook took shelter in the legalistic argument that users had signed up with the third party app provider who siphoned off their data and sold it to a fourth party, cambridge analytica.
it is unlikely that they would have signed obediently if they understood that they were consenting to the use of their data, and that of their friends, for purposes unknown.
the app was only a quiz.
if only they had known, they would have answered, no.
now that they know better, facebook users are angrily pulling the plug to signal their displeasure.
lawmakers  including our own  are spluttering helplessly and threatening the worst.
but some persuasive voices prefer to see this as the moment to initiate reform in information technology.
the fastest-developing industry  with the possible exception of biotechnology  is regulated by nothing except the forces and rules of the market.
the first step towards reform could be the simplification of terms of service, to make them human-readable.
india offers a parallel in the securities and exchange board of india (sebi), which is simplifying communications with investors.
instead of presenting it as the inscrutable demon, empowering users to understand what they sign up for would help ensure that they do not inadvertently become the product.
b'rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
(source: express photo by prashant ravi/file) rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
(source: express photo by prashant ravi/file)acting on information of alleged investments in shell companies and benami deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, the income tax department on tuesday conducted searches and surveys on at least 22 locations in delhi and adjoining areas allegedly linked to rjd chief lalu prasad.
searches were carried out at the residential premises of 12 persons linked to the case while surveys were conducted at 10 office premises associated with the companies being investigated by the department, a senior tax official said.
speaking on the sidelines of an event in the capital, union finance minister arun jaitley said, people in high positions acquiring assets through shell companies is not a small matter.
the day of reckoning has come for many.
they all will be accountable.
the tax official said that the searches and surveys were conducted following an investigation of the investment pattern in shell companies.
we are carrying out the searches and surveys.
the companies being probed are shell companies in which lalu and his family members are directors or have some link.
the 12 people who are being searched also are directly or indirectly related to investments in these shell companies, the official alleged.
officials said the 12 included vijay kochar, vinay kochar, ajay kochar, amit katyal, vivek nagpal and subhash goel, some of whom they described as prominent businessmen and real estate agents.
the department is likely to invoke provisions of the newly-enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year and carries a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, officials said.
tax officials said the findings from the searches and surveys will be known only in the next few days.
reacting to the searches, rjd chief prasad posted on his official twitter account that he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahin hai ki lalu ki awaz ko daba sake lalu ki awaz dabayenge to desh bhar me karoron lalu khade ho jayenge(bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalus will rise across the country), he wrote in a series of tweets.
asked about opposition claims that the government was misusing its authority, finance minister jaitley said, in the finance ministry, the revenue department or the cbdt, all actions which are taken are under the proceedings of the income-tax acti can only give a general statement.
unless there is a substantial basis or a reason to suspect that either there is evasion or a crime has been committed, these departments dont act.
because ultimately, whatever action they have taken, it has to bear some results.
the income tax raids follow allegations of financial irregularities levelled by the bjp last week.
the bjp had accused lalu prasad, his parliamentarian daughter misa bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo as they date back to the period when lalu was the railway minister.
lalus official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, prasad had claimed.
officials said the searches and surveys started on tuesday morning and were conducted by a team of around 100 officials.
in delhi, the tax department teams also visited areas in new friends colony and sainik farms, and a few farmhouses in bijwasan and in south delhi, they said.
some documents and computer hardware have been seized from these premises, the officials said.
bharatiya janata party today targeted prime minister manmohan singh after he reposed faith in home minister p chidambaram who is facing opposition heat in 2g spectrum case,asking whether he was being shielded over fears of embers of the fire reaching the prime ministers office (pmo).
congress on its part hit out at bjp accusing the main opposition party of wanting to fish in troubled waters and asked it not to jump the gun since the 2g issue is already under a joint parliamentary committee (jpc) probe.
as the two parties were locked in a slugfest over the finance ministry note to the pmo on the stand taken by chidambaram in 2g spectrum allocation when he was the finance minister,the bjp alleged his culpability was evident and demanded a fair investigation into his role.
stepping up bjps attack on chidamabram while pressing for his resignation,the partys chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad wondered how the prime minister had expressed full confidence in him without going into the merits of the case in wake of the new evidence.
is his confidence in his ministerial colleague more important than a fair inquiry?
he asked,insisting that not taking timely action for the benefit of someone is also acrime.
we want to ask the prime minister if the compulsion to shield chidambaram is because the embers of the fire can reach the pmo, prasad said.
skeletons are fighting skeletons and rocking the boat of upa.
how long will you keep quiet,mr prime minister?
prasad also asked at whose behest was the note by the finance ministry prepared for the pmo.
at whose instance did the finance ministry prepare the note for the pmo?
the country is certainly entitled to know if the pmo asked for the note.
if yes,why was there no follow-up action?
congress sought to turn the tables on bjp for its offensive on chidambaram.
for every question the bjp raises,we can raise two.
notwithanding serious objections raised by a former telecom minister of the nda,why is it that the migration was permitted,why the spirit of national telecom policy was violated why the entry level for new players would be the same why spectrum was not auctioned separately, party spokesperson manish tewari said.
this also comes days after the election commission offered a public challenge to critics to find snags in evms. (file) this also comes days after the election commission offered a public challenge to critics to find snags in evms. (file)after receiving 38 communications from the election commission, the government on wednesday gave its clearance for allocation of rs 3,174 crore to the poll panel to buy 16.
15 lakh voter verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) units for use in the next lok sabha polls.
announcing the cabinet decision, finance minister arun jaitley said voters have the right to know whether their votes have been correctly registered.
he expressed confidence that the machines with vvpat will be available by september 2018 if the order is placed in april this year.
jaitley said if all machines come by september 2018, there will be evms with vvpats for all elections thereafter.
he said the allocation of the entire sum  rs 3173.
47 crore  will be split through two financial years, and rs 1,600 crore will be given in the current year through supplementary and revised estimates.
the vvpat units will bring in an additional layer of transparency to the election process and boost voters confidence in electronic voting machines (evms), officials said.
the decision over the long-pending demand comes days after wrangling between members of the treasury and opposition benches in parliament over the vvpat issue.
the government had slammed opposition parties for questioning the credibility of evms after the bjps impressive victories in uttar pradesh and recent round of state elections.
this also comes days after the election commission offered a public challenge to critics to find snags in evms.while a group of 16 parties petitioned the poll panel recently to revert to paper ballot system for greater transparency and expressed doubts over the integrity of evms, parties such as the bsp and the sp raised doubts over the bjps victory in uttar pradesh.
the aap has also tangled with the ec on this issue.
the decision of the union cabinet, which was taken today in the absence of law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, will enable the poll panel to deploy vvpat units in all polling booths in 2019 general election, acting as an additional layer of transparency for the satisfaction of voters.
vvpat machines produce a printout of the vote cast using an evm, which can be shown to the voter to dispel doubts.
this printout is then deposited in a box and can be used to resolve any dispute regarding the election.
this would also result in compliance of the directions of the the supreme court in 2013 , which had asked the ec to implement the vvpat system in a phased manner, and the commission had committed to have it in place by the time of the 2019 general elections.
the ec today said vvpats will be manufactured by two public sector undertakings  bharat electronics ltd and electronics corporation of india ltd  as approved by the ec.
the psus need 30 months to produce the over 16 lakh vvpats.
b'communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad(source: express photo by prem nath pandey) communications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad(source: express photo by prem nath pandey)union minister for electronics and it ravishankar prasad on saturday said with a vast digital eco-system in place, scientists should focus on innovation and come up with more pro-people information technology products.
through make in india, start up india, stand up india, skill development and smart cities, we have created a vast digital eco-system and scientists need to be more innovative and out-of-the-box and should come up with more pro-people it products and empower the citizens, he said.
prasad was speaking at the inauguration of a new research centre of centre for development of advanced computing in pune and launch of e-hastakshar, its e-signature service, which enables signing of digital documents in a legally acceptable manner.
c-dac is a premier r&d organisation of the ministry of electronics and information technology.
addressing the c-dac scientists, prasad said, our vision is to make india an intellectually empowered society and initiatives like make in india, start up india, stand up india, skill development and smart cities are designed to make india a knowledgeable and intellectual country.
the philosophy behind all these initiatives of the modi government was that india missed out on industrial and entrepreneur revolutions, but now it should not miss out on digital revolution, he said.
we want to become a leader in digital revolution and that is our vision, prasad added.
applauding c-dac for its contribution in electronics and computing, the minister said government will give all kind of encouragement, and the scientists should focus on innovation alongwith the conventional research.
you have enough substance in youpour your substance of talent in abundance and people of the country will lap it.
i am happy with e-sign and other achievements of c-dac, but come up with innovative pro-people it products and work in the areas such as education, healthcare and cyber security, he said.
telangana cm raises many issues concerning state with modi.
(file) telangana cm raises many issues concerning state with modi.
(file)separate high court for telangana, sanction of iim, and speeding up railway projects in the state were among the list of ten demands that chief minister k chandrashekar rao submitted to prime minister narendra modi in new delhi on friday.
the other demands included central government funding support for kaleshwaram lift irrigation project, allotment of defence land for construction of secretariat building, release of funds for backward districts development, funding support for itir, establishment of an iiit in karimnagar district, setting up navodaya vidyalayas in newly formed districts, and approval for new zonal system.
rao submitted separate letters to the prime minister on each issue.
requesting rs 20,000 crore from the centre for the kaleshwaram project, rao wrote, the project, built at an estimated cost of rs 80,000 crore, will provide irrigation to lakhs of acres in 20 districts and will provide water for drinking and industrial purposes.
for completion of this project, in addition to rs 25,000 crore budgetary provision, we procured loan from financial institutions to the tune of rs 22,000 crore.
i request the pm to extend financial help of rs 20,000 crores.
rao stated that there is a need to issue fresh presidential order to adjust zones, multi-zones and state cadre after the formation of new districts in telangana.
bringing up the issue of establishing a separate high court of telangana, rao stated, people of telangana in general and advocates in particular are eagerly looking forward for the high court of their own.
the telangana chief minister sought bison polo ground and gymkhana grounds in secunderabad to build the secretariat.
the ministry of defence had conveyed its in-principle approval for transfer of the defence lands .
while hyderabad was selected under the information technology investment region (itir) scheme by the centre in 2013, union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad recently said that the centre had dropped the proposal to set up itir.
rao told modi that dropping the proposal would dent the central governments credibility.
b'mygov narendra modi townhall live: pm narendra modi speaks at mygov townhall at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi.
mygov narendra modi townhall live: pm narendra modi speaks at mygov townhall at the indira gandhi indoor stadium in new delhi.
in a first-ever townhall address to the nation by an indian prime minister, pm narendra modi on saturday made an emphatic point when he said he gets angry at those running shops in name of cow protection and urged action against criminals donning garb of cow vigilantes.
the event marks two years of mygov, the governments citizen engagement platform.
pm narendra modi also launched the pmo mobile app, which was developed with citizens ideas.
this new app will allow mobile users to connect with website of the prime ministers office.
town hall as a concept is commonly used in the west among politicians as well as ceos to interact with people directly.
union minister of it, law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad opened the day-long session.
here are the highlights:6:42 pm: pm modi ends his speech.
6:41 pm: modi says he gets angry at those running shops in name of cow protection; wants action against criminals donning garb of cow vigilantes.
6:41 pm: we have so much diversity to attract people, we need to connect people to our heritage and attract tourism: pm modi.
6:38 pm: cows mostly die of eating plastic bags and these cow rakshaks should urge people not to throw plastic on roads, this will be a big sewa: pm modi.
6:35 pm: if gau rakshaks want to help, they should prevent cows from eating plastic, that would be great help: pm modi.
6:33 pm: india first is central point of my foreign policy; also protecting indias strategic and economic interest: pm.
6:31 pm: indians settled abroad have their own strength & this plays a great role for india to connect with other nations: pmread: grievance redressal essential component of democracy, says pm narendra modi6:21 pm: we should follow khaadi for nation khaadi for fashion, this will boost our textile industry: pm modi6:16 pm: we want to popularise handloom, and very soon the rural economy will see a change: pm modi.
6:15 pm: through pradhan mantri krishi sinchayee yojana, we will be able to provide adequate amount of water to the farmers: pm modi.
6:12 pm: farmers son becomes a farmer out of helplessness and not by choice: pm modi6:10 pm: whatever is available to cities should be available to villages: pm modi.
6:07 pm: now health department is reaching out household to household to reach everyone: pm modi6:02 pm: we have introduced insurance in budget; so that the poorest of the poor receives good health care: pm modi.
6:00 pm: so much money is spent on advertising about the importance of vaccinations, and even then so many children arent vaccinated: pm5:59 pm: tourism will boost our economy, we should try & drive our economy.
if we achieve 8  growth rate for 30 years then, we will be at the top: pm modi5:58 pm: economic growth of more than 8 per cent for 30 years will bring the best of the world to india: pm modi.
5:49 pm: there had been apathy towards good governance, establishment of institutions, checks and balances, responsibility with accountability: pm modi.
5:48 pm: i raise one issue but the whole system is addressed.
we are taking few initiatives for good governance: pm modiread: jaitley advocates for freehand to ministers, bureaucrats on social media5:44 pm: technology and good governance will benefit farmers.
most powerful thing in democracy is grievance redress system: pm modi.
5:43 pm: the solution to lot of our problems lies in good governance: pm modi.
5:42 pm: every responsible person holding a position should be questioned.
people should easily get what they want: pm modi5:41 pm: we want to develop good governance where processes are less and things get done easy for citizens: pm modi5:40 pm: development and good governance should have a balanced relation, even for a small incident anywhere, pm is targeted: pm modi5:37 pm: if you dont focus on good governance then the benefits wont reach the common citizens: pm modi.
5:32 pm: swachh bharat is a prime example of citizens participation: pm modi5:30 pm: i would like to thank citizens for connecting with me through mygov: pm modi5:24 pm: youth who developed pm modi mobile app called on stage for felicitation by pm modi.
5:16 pm: pm narendra modi launches pmo mobile application, an application developed with citizens ideas.
5:10 pm: pm narendra modi reaches indira gandhi indoor stadium (delhi) for townhall, to interact with citizens.
4:29 pm: social media has done great service: arun jaitley.
4:28 pm: its important that the final decision of the government, you should speak in one voice: arun jaitley.
11:45 am: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad spoke at the event.
watch live feedthe pm has asked people of india for suggestions for the address he will make on the occasion of independence day.
this is the changing mood of india  digital democracy.
mygov is basically for those who think for the country and those who suggest for the roadmap ahead.
around 35 lakh people have come together on the mygov platform.
its great news: prasad24 lakh people have sent suggestions for smart cities.
70,000 people have sent suggestions on the union budget.
this is good news: prasadi would like mygov officers to make a note that achievements of ordinary people of india must be given a positive space on mygov platform.
this is my suggestion: prasadafter pm modi assumed office in 2014, within a short span of time, he launched the portal mygov.
in to set up a system where a regular citizen of the country could connect with the prime ministers office and share their ideas or suggestions for good governance.
since then, pm modi has invoked mygov on various occasions, including his monthly radio interaction mann ki baat where he is heard asking for feedback from the people by accessing the website.
chief executive officer of the website gaurav dwivedi said on thursday that participants will be selected from the list of regular users on mygov.
in depending upon their ideas, level of engagement, questions and suggestions.
apart from discussion and interaction with pm modi, the town hall participants will get to further contribute to the enhancement and development of governments citizen engagement platform.
election commission would need over 16 lakh paper trail machinesto cover all polling stations in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
(file photo) election commission would need over 16 lakh paper trail machinesto cover all polling stations in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
(file photo)the election commission would need over 16 lakh paper trail machines, which dispel doubts about votes cast using evms, to cover all polling stations in the 2019 lok sabha elections.
quoting the commission, minister of state for law p p chaudhary said in the rajya sabha, a total of 16,15,000 voter-verifiable paper audit trail (vvpat) units are required for deployment in all polling stations in the lok sabha polls.
the proposal of the election commission is under consideration of the government, he said in response to a written reply to a question.
since june, 2014, the commission has given at least 11 reminders to the government seeking funds for vvpat machines.
last year, chief election commissioner nasim zaidi had written to prime minister narendra modi drawing his attention to the funds needed for the machines.
recently, he has again written to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad seeking funds for the same.
the voters see voter-verifiable paper audit trail slip for seven seconds, which would be an acknowledgement receipt for the party they voted for in the election.
vvpat is a machine which dispenses a slip with the symbol of the party for which a person has voted for.
the slip drops in a box but the voter cannot take it home.
recently when aap, congress and bsp had questioned reliability of the evm, the poll panel had come out with a detailed release defending the machine.
the release had also mentioned about the vvpat system, saying it has sought rs 3,174 crore for buying vvpats for every polling station in the 2019 lok sabha polls.
ecil and bel, two psus which manufacture vvpats and evms, need 30 months to manufacture the required number of vvpat units from the day funds are released.
the supreme court has supported the ec endeavour to use vvpats in a phased manner to usher in more transparency in voting.
ravi shankar prasad ravishankarprasad prasadunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said muslims do not vote for the bjp, but the government has given them proper sanctity.
we have got 13 chief ministers of our own.
we are ruling the country.
have we victimised any muslim gentleman working in the industry or service?
have we dismissed them?
we dont get muslim votes.
i acknowledge very clearly, but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
prasad asked at the mindmine summit in delhi.
he was responding to a question related to development having an impact on culture and diversity.
we salute diversity and culture of india.
there are two ways of looking at it.
let me be very frank today.
there has been campaign against us for a very long time, but today we are here because of blessings of people of india, prasad said.
in recent assembly elections, the bjp scored an impressive win in uttar pradesh and uttarakhand.
the party also formed government in goa and manipur.
its main rival congress was able to get a clear majority in punjab only.
as it minister, prasad said, he has visited many muslim-dominated villages where many muslim youth are running common service centres which help people avail of government services through internet.
the minister cited the example of prime minister narendra modi short-listing a muslim tea garden labourer in jalpaiguri, karimul haque, for his exemplary work.
prasad said haque has converted his motorcycle into an ambulance, rushes whosoever falls sick to hospital and in the process, has saved nearly 2,000 lives.
we never saw religion of haque or whether he voted for us or not.
if there are certain uncalled for voices, the prime minister addresses the concerns, the cms (chief ministers) address concerns.
yogi (adityanath) is a popular leader.
you are seeing his instances of good governance and inclusive development, prasad said.
the minister said he has issues with those in the left and journalists spreading hatred against modi.
we have a problem with some of our friends.
mostly, the leftist friends and journalists who entertain a pathological hatred against narendra modi.
good luck to them, prasad quipped.
according to prasad, the left is left out all over the world and had been defeated in india.
they are left out in bengal, are surviving in kerala and tripura, but the left has got a very good campus in delhi, which is the jnu (jawaharlal nehru university) and i always say the left also needs some consolation prize.
so, jnu is their consolation prize, we dont mind that, prasad said.
india is in the third phase of political evolution where people are looking for politics of aspirational reality with good governance.
people of india know they can unseat any political party howsoever popular any political leader howsoever popular.
this realisation brings about a different kind of humility.
you better learn to perform and trust people.
otherwise, they will show you the door and they have been showing the door, prasad pointed out.
he is of the view that the politics of want relating to breads and of identity based on caste, community, religion and region is over now.
b'the trai chairman defended uidais decision to send the notice to cis and said that there were no leakages from aadhaar, or decryption of of biometric data from the uidai server.
the trai chairman defended uidais decision to send the notice to cis and said that there were no leakages from aadhaar, or decryption of of biometric data from the uidai server.
questioning the anti-aadhaar campaigns by non-governmental organisations and civil society groups, telecom regulatory authority of indias (trai) chairman r s sharma, who is also the former director general of unique identification authority of india (uidai), said that various multinational companies were being affected by aadhaar as it was in conflict with their attempts to create their own database of users.
its making a mountain out of a molehill.
there are motivated campaigns being launched.
various multinationals are getting affected.
there are companies, which are creating their own identities.
someone has called it digital colonisation.
the fingerprint scanners on smartphones can be easily used for authenticating aadhaar but they dont allow it.
a lot of fraudulent or benami transactions can go down because of aadhaar, sharma told the indian express.
while he refused to elaborate on these multinationals, the remarks are an apparent reference to silicon valley giants such as facebook and google.
sharmas remarks come at a time when civil society groups have flagged serious concerns on issues such as privacy and accountability that arise from the centres increasing use of aadhaar.
a clutch of petitions filed by those opposing what they call the unchecked use of aadhaar is currently in the supreme court.
recently, a bengaluru-based ngo  centre for internet & society (cis)  released a report suggesting 130 million aadhaar numbers were leaked on government portals.
cis later updated its report to say that there were no leaks or leakages but a public disclosure.
the uidai served a show-cause notice to cis, asking it to explain its claims.
the trai chairman defended uidais decision to send the notice to cis and said that there were no leakages from aadhaar, or decryption of of biometric data from the uidai server.
at the same time, sharma made a case for having a comprehensive data protection law in the country.
there is a need for a larger data protection law.
in todays digitally connected world, data protection law is a must.
data security, its protocols, rules, responsibilities, accountabilities, damage, payments, compensations, all these issues must come in that law, he said.
aadhaar act, itself, is very self-contained, which takes into account all data protection and privacy issues, sharma said, adding that privacy was a cultural concept.
privacy is a culture specific concept, which they are trying to import here.
except for ngos, has any individual or poor person complained, or filed a case about privacy?
he asked.
in a recent interview to the indian express, minister of law & justice and electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad had tried to allay fears of any loopholes in the aadhaar security system and said this systematic campaign against aadhaar comes as a surprise for me.
he said that the voter id information was also in public domain, but i dont see any campaign there.
b'protests by dalit outfits against the alleged dilution of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act turned violent in various parts of the country including in uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh (express photo by javed raja) protests by dalit outfits against the alleged dilution of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act turned violent in various parts of the country including in uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh (express photo by javed raja)at least seven persons were killed and over 100 injured as protests by dalit outfits against the alleged dilution of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act descended into chaos in various parts of the country including in uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh, even as the centre moved the supreme court seeking review of its recent judgment in the matter.
in view of the prevailing situation, the centre has called upon the state governments to take preventive steps and ensure the safety of lives of people and property.
the ministry of home affairs (mha) said it was closely monitoring the situation and was in constant touch with the affected states after violent protests erupted during the nationwide bandh.
the ministry has asked the states to take all preventive measures and maintain public order and ensure the safety of lives of people and property, the mha spokesperson said.
the ministry has made available central forces  rapid action force and crpf  to the states that sought help.
the spokesperson added that uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh and punjab have so far requested for central forces.
over 1,700 anti-riot policemen were despatched to uttar pradesh, madhya pradesh, rajasthan and punjab by the central government, said another home ministry official.
track live updatesprotests during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) protests during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh)in madhya pradesh, four persons were killed and five others sustained gunshot wounds as clashes erupted in morena, gwalior, and bhind districts forcing the authorities to clamp curfew in parts of these three districts and impose prohibitory orders in sagar, datia and balaghat districts.
in uttar pradesh, a person was killed and nearly 75 persons including 40 policemen were injured in violent protests during the bharat bandh called by dalit groups.
around 448 people were detained on various charges including arson and damage to public property, police said.
in rajasthan, one person was killed and 26 others, including nine policemen, were injured in khairthal in rajasthans alwar district during the protests.
normal life was disrupted in many states as dalit protesters blocked trains, clashed with police and set ablaze vehicles in violent protests, officials said.
transport and communications services were severely hit in many states with over 100 trains getting affected.
many trains, including premier rajdhani and shatabdi expresses, were stopped by protestors while some were short-terminated as precautionary measures.
protests on railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) protests on railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh)while some states ordered closure of educational institutions, and curtailed internet and mobile services, incidents of arson, firing and vandalism were reported from madhya pradesh, rajasthan, uttar pradesh, bihar and punjab, among other states.
the cbse postponed class 12 and class 10 examinations scheduled to be held today in punjab at the request of the state government in view of the bharat bandh.
in delhi, protesters squatted on tracks at several places, stopping trains, including the dehradun express and the ranchi rajdhani, while a northern railway official said services were also disrupted by a mob in ghaziabad.
the protesters gathered at mandi house in delhi and blocked roads.
shouting slogans of jai bhim, the protesters also blocked one of the carriageways of barakhamba road affecting traffic movement on the stretch, police said.
why are the dalits protesting ?
on march 20, the supreme court had diluted certain provisions of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act in a bid to protect honest public servants discharging bona fide duties from being blackmailed with false cases under the act.
however, the verdict elicited strong reactions from the dalits and the opposition who claim that the dilution of the act will lead to more discrimination and crimes against the backward community.
in its march 20 judgment, a bench of justices a k goel and u u lalit had expressed concern that working of the sc/st atrocities act should not result in perpetuating casteism and went on to lay down certain procedures to keep a check on false implications of innocent citizens on caste lines.
the centre has moved a review petition in the supreme court on monday.
(express photo by javed raja) the centre has moved a review petition in the supreme court on monday.
(express photo by javed raja)flagging rampant misuse of the act, the two-judge bench said it was being used as an instrument to blackmail or to wreak personal vengeance, and allowed anticipatory bail for the accused in certain cases.
the court also mandated prior sanction by a superior officer before the arrest of an accused, and brought in a provision for a preliminary inquiry  all of which have been criticised as potentially diluting the scope for justice for the victims of atrocities.
read | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showcentre seeks review of sc/st verdict, sc declines urgent hearing on similar pleaearlier in the day, the centre moved the supreme court seeking review of its recent verdict by which safeguards were put on the provisions of immediate arrest under the act.
however, the apex court declined urgent hearing on a writ petition filed by all india federation of sc/st organisations claiming that the entire nation has witnessed large-scale violence during todays bharat bandh.
the court said the plea would be listed and heard in due course.
in its review petition, the union government said the march 20 verdict has wide ramification and implication resulting in dilution of the stringent provisions of law enacted under the 1989 enactment.
it adversely affects a substantial portion of the population of india being the members of sc/st.
it is also contrary to the legislative policy of parliament as reflected in the prevention of atrocities act 1989.
normal life was disrupted in many states as dalit protesters blocked trains, clashed with police and set ablaze vehicles in violent protests, officials said (express photo: javed raja) normal life was disrupted in many states as dalit protesters blocked trains, clashed with police and set ablaze vehicles in violent protests, officials said (express photo: javed raja)justifying the petition, the centre said that despite various measures to improve the socio-economic conditions of the scs and sts, they still remained vulnerable.
they are denied a number of civil rights.
they are subjected to various offences, indignities, humiliations and harassments.
they have, in several brutal incidents, been deprived of their life and properties, serious crimes are committed against them for various historical, social and economic reasons, it said.
it is in the dna of the rss/bjp to keep dalits at the lowest level in indian society.
any one who challenges this thought is crushed with violence.
our dalit brothers and sisters are today on the streets demanding protection of their rights from the modi government.
we salute them, he said on twitter.
bsp chief mayawati also launched a blistering attack on the bjp-led central government over the delay in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict.
addressing the media in the party office, mayawati said, the central government took a lot of time in filing the review petition against the supreme court verdict on the sc/st act.
had they filed the review petition in time, there wouldnt be any protests or bharat bandh.
the bsp chief, however, condemned the violence and clarified that the bsp has no role in the violence.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) (express photos by gurmeet singh)the protest is justified.
i support it.
however, i have got to know that some people are spreading violence during the protests.
i strongly condemn this.
our party is not behind the violence.
i urge the authorities to initiate strong action against the culprits, she said.
while union home minister rajnath singh appealed for peace, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government was not a party to the supreme court decision on the sc/st act and respectfully did not agree with its reasoning behind the verdict.
union minister ram vilas paswan, a prominent dalit leader and head of nda constituent ljp, appreciated the governments quick decision to file the petition and accused the congress of having done nothing for dalit icon b r ambedkar.
senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad alleged that incidents of atrocities on dalits and minorities have increased in the country since the nda came to power in 2014, while aap leader and delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal extended his support to the protesting groups.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath also appealed for peace and urged the people not to vitiate law and order.
b'it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file) it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file)the government has shot-off notices to facebook and cambridge analytica on the data breach issue and will decide on action to be taken after receiving their responses, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday.
we are very tough when it comes to data protection in india.
notice has gone from the indian government to the two companies.
we should wait for their reply.
we will take action after their reply, prasad told reporters.
following up on its earlier warning, the it ministry yesterday issued a notice to social networking giant facebook seeking its response over the user data breach and details of the measures it has put in place to ensure safety and prevent misuse of personal data.
the ministry raised five questions for facebook, including whether the personal data of indian voters and users has been compromised by cambridge analytica or any other downstream entity in any manner, and gave the networking giant a deadline of april 7 to send detailed response.
it questioned whether the company or its related or downstream agencies utilising the data on the social media platform have previously been engaged by any entity to manipulate the indian electoral process.
the letter sent to facebook noted that it has largest footprint in india in terms of user base and sought its reply on proactive measures being taken by the company to ensure safety, security and privacy of such large user data and to prevent its misuse by any third party.
a similar notice was earlier sent to cambridge analytica over media reports about questionable practices attributed to the uk-based firm in their efforts to influence elections by harvesting data of facebook users.
prasad further said that a uk parliamentary committee is conducting an investigation and added that he did not wish to comment on the views of one of its members.
i will not comment on that.
a parliamentary committee of britain is doing an investigation, and one of the members in that has commented, so i should not make any comments on that.
if that committee sends any report, then we can think on it, prasad added.
the past few days have seen a global outrage over the breach of user data on facebook, forcing the company to issue an apology.
data mining firm cambridge analytica has been accused of harvesting personal information of over 50 million facebook users illegally to influence polls in several countries.
facebooks data breach scandal sparked a furore in india with prasad last week warning the firm of stringent action for any attempt to influence polls through data theft and threatening to summon facebook ceo mark zuckerberg, if needed.
b'ravi shankar prasad.
(express photo: javed raja) ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo: javed raja)seeking a review of the supreme court judgment that forbids arrest without prior sanction for offences under the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, the government told the top court monday that potential for misuse was not a valid ground for reading down stringent provisions of the act and diluting it would deprive sc, st communities the rights guaranteed under the constitution.
read | bharat bandh: seven dead as dalit protests spiral out of control; centre files review petition against sc/st act verdictapproaching the court on the day dalits protested across the country, the ministry of social justice and empowerment, in its review petition, said: alleged potential of misuse would not deserve to be considered as a valid, justifiable or permissible ground for reading down stringent provisions of the poa (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989 such a principle, if extended to offences created under other provisions of law, would render the criminal law and criminal procedure system toothless and nugatory especially when parliament, after evaluating the working of the act, decided to make it more stringent and included additional offences under it in 2016.
if the legislative mandate by parliament is for strict implementation for elimination of a particular menace, then it would not be permissible to dilute the implementation of any such social welfare legislation by resorting to any exercise described as balancing and given in the form of laying down provisions.
such an exercise would not be in conformity with the settled demarcation of jurisdiction between the legislative functioning of the parliament and the discharge of judicial functions by rendering interpretation by courts, the petition stated.
track live updatesreview petitions are usually heard in the chamber.
the government, however, requested that the instant review be heard in open court.
the centre is likely to press for early hearing of the plea.
in its march 20 judgement, the supreme court noted instances of abuse of the act and laid down stringent safeguards, including provisions for anticipatory bail and a preliminary enquiry by a dsp before registration of case under the act.
if the accused is a public servant, the person can only be arrested after permission from the appointing authority.
and if the accused is not a public servant, prior permission of the ssp of the district will be required, the court ruled.
protests on railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh) protests on railway tracks during the nationwide bandh in ludhiana.
(express photos by gurmeet singh)opposing this, the centre said the judgment would have wide ramifications and additional procedural safeguards introduced by it would result in impeding strict interpretation of the act leading to inevitably diluting its efficacy.
there were also procedural difficulties since there may not be adequate number of dsp-level officers in many states and union territories.
on the supreme court direction that those accused of offences under the act should be entitled to anticipatory bail, the centre said section 18 is the backbone of the act as it enforces an inherent deterrence and instils sense of protection amongst members of the scs and sts and that any dilution thereof would shake the very objective of the mechanism to prevent offences of atrocities.
section 18 of the act says the provision for anticipatory bail will not be available for offences under the act.
referring to statistics, the centres petition said offences against scs and sts have been disturbingly continuing.
according to data of the national crime records bureau (ncrb), 47,388 cases were registered in the country under the act in conjunction with indian penal code during 2016.
further only 24.
9  of the said cases ended in conviction and 89.
3  were pending in courts at the end of the year 2016, it said.
in the given situation of continuing offences of atrocities against members of scs and sts, it would be more significant and meaningful to affirm the reliance and trust of the members of the sc and st on the statute and not make it easier for the accused to get away from arrest by imposing a preliminary inquiry, the government said.
citing misuse of the law, the supreme court, in its judgment, said to avoid false implication of an innocent, a preliminary enquiry may be conducted by the dsp concerned to find out whether the allegations make out a case under the atrocities act and that the allegations are not frivolous or motivated,the government contended that low conviction and high acquittal rate in cases under poa act is due to several factors like delay in lodging fir and witnesses and complainants becoming hostile, absence of proper scrutiny of the cases by the prosecution before filing the chargesheet in the court, lack of proper presentation of the case by the prosecution and appreciation of evidence by the court.
the judgment, it submitted, did not appreciate the data and the situation in the correct perspective.
it said the court ought to have appreciated that since offences of atrocities affect dignity and life of members of sc and st, fir needs to be registered at the earliest, so that the investigation commences fast without any room for accused to seek anticipatory bail and that admissible relief amount due to be paid to the victim/dependent, on registration of the fir is also timely paid.
over 2.
22 lakh cases were pending before the calcutta high court as on december 31, 2017, as per official data.
express photo by partha paul over 2.
22 lakh cases were pending before the calcutta high court as on december 31, 2017, as per official data.
express photo by partha paullawyers associations at the calcutta high court on monday extended till march 5 their ceasework to press for immediate appointment of judges to fill up vacant posts, leaving litigants in the lurch.
claiming that the centre is yet to respond to their demand for filling up the vacancies for judges in the high court, three lawyers bodies took separate resolutions to extend the ceasework which they had launched on february 20.
the supreme court collegium has cleared five names for appointment as judges, but the union law ministry is yet to clear these, bar association president uttam majumdar said.
we also want appointment of a permanent chief justice to the high court, which has been headed by acting chief justices for the last three years except for just three months when justice girish gupta was elevated to the post, he said.
justice gupta, a judge of calcutta high court, was the acting chief justice when he was made a permanent chief justice three months before his retirement, majumdar said.
we are astonished that there has been no reaction or response from the union law ministry despite a five-day ceasework at one of the premier high courts in the country for the legitimate demand of appointment of judges, high court bar library club president jayanta mitra told pti at mumbai.
he said that the lawyers bodies had sent representations for a meeting with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad but are yet to receive any communication.
as such we have decided to extend the ceasework till march five, on which date we will meet again to decide on the future course of action, mitra, a former advocate general at the high court, said.
incorporated law society, another lawyers forum at the high court, also took a separate resolution to extend the ceasework along with the other two bodies.
we hope that the union law ministry will respond to our demand soon given the huge shortage in the number of judges at the high court, which is delaying dispensation of justice to the litigants, its secretary paritosh sinha said.
the high court at present has 30 sitting judges out of a sanctioned strength of 72.
out of the 30, two judges are permanently on rotation at the andaman and nicobar circuit bench of the high court.
over 2.
22 lakh cases were pending before the high court as on december 31, 2017, as per official data.
hundreds of litigants, who had come to the court hoping that the ceasework would be lifted on monday, were left disappointed due to the uncertainty over when their petitions would be taken up for hearing.
while the vacancies in the judiciary are delaying hearing of our cases, the ceasework is also leading to piling up of pending cases, said one of the many petitioners who had turned up at the court from across the state hoping that their cases would be heard.
judges sat in the court rooms in the morning as usual.
but as no lawyer appeared to argue the petitions which were called for hearing they retired to their respective chambers.
b'we contested 25 seats in 2009 and we should get the same number this time.
it would be our right and not a charity, rajak told reporters at gyan bhawan complex.
we contested 25 seats in 2009 and we should get the same number this time.
it would be our right and not a charity, rajak told reporters at gyan bhawan complex.
union minister upendra kushwaha, who heads the rashtriya lok samata party, on thursday skipped a get-together of senior nda leaders in bihar, bringing to the fore the discontent simmering within the bjp-led coalition over sharing of seats for the next lok sabha polls.
kushwaha excused himself citing his preoccupation in delhi, even as bihar chief minister nitish kumar, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and radha mohan singh, deputy cm sushil kumar modi, bjp national general secretary in-charge of the state bhupendra yadav and ljp chief ram vilas paswan attended the gathering.
shortly after kushwaha conveyed his decision to skip the event to bjp state president nityanand rai over telephone, a statement was issued by his partys national working president nagamani saying: nda will achieve spectacular success in lok sabha and vidhan sabha polls in bihar if these are fought projecting kushwaha as the leader of the coalition.
bjps bihar unit hosted dinner for nda allies in patna.
cm nitish kumar and union minister ram vilas paswan also present pic.
twitter.com/ykn7yibfsm  ani (@ani) june 7, 2018https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jsafter the bjp, the rlsp has the largest support base among nda constituents in bihar.
on the national level, ours is a bigger party than the jd(u) and the nda had benefitted from kushwahas support in the 2014 lok sabha polls, when jd(u) had fought separately, nagamani said.
some leaders of the jd(u), and even the bjp, have acknowledged nitish kumar as the ndas leader in bihar.
this cannot be deemed as the view of the entire coalition.
the leader for bihar shall be decided by the ndas national leadership and not by those of a state level, he added.
however, in an attempt to avoid confrontation, nagamani later turned up at the nda get-together at the gyan bhavan complex.
as he took a seat near the entrance of the hall, nagamani was persuaded by nityanand rai to be seated close to other senior leaders.
discontent has been brewing among nda constituents in bihar, who face the daunting challenge of arriving at a seat-sharing formula acceptable to all.
out of the 40 lok sabha seats in the state, the bjp won 22 in the 2014 polls, while the ljp and the rlsp bagged six and three respectively.
the jd(u) fought separately and won only two.
however, the party has been pushing its status as the senior coalition partner in the state, pointing towards its greater number of mlas.
statements by its deputy leader in the assembly, shyam rajak, and national general secretary and chief spokesman k c tyagi made the jd(u)s stance clear.
we contested 25 seats in 2009 and we should get the same number this time.
it would be our right and not a charity, rajak told reporters at gyan bhawan complex.
tyagi said in delhi that if 2014 results were to be taken as a benchmark to allot seats to each nda constituent in 2019, then in the 2020 assembly polls, the results of 2015 should be taken as the base and jd(u) should be given 150 out of the total number of 243 seats.
kushwaha, a former nitish kumar loyalist, had quit the jd(u) in 2013 when he was a rajya sabha member, months after having been suspended from the party on disciplinary grounds.
he went on to form his own party and joined the bjp-led nda.
riding the strong narendra modi wave in 2014, his party won three lok sabha seats and he became the minister of state for human resource development.
however, his party did poorly in the assembly polls a month later, managing to win only two seats.
he has reportedly been sulking over his diminished stature in the nda since kumar returned to the coalition last year.
the nda gathering is first since kumar returned to the coalition after dumping the grand alliance with the rjd and the congress in july last year.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad union minister ravishankarprasad prasaddefending prime minister narendra modis raincoat jibe at his predecessor manmohan singh, the bjp on thursday attacked the congress, saying that the party would use singh as long he is useful but would later discard him like it had done with leaders outside the gandhi family.
at the party headquarters, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad defended modi and attacked congress president sonia gandhi and vice-president rahul gandhi.
terming the congress as a conglomeration believing in divinity and devotion to a family, he insisted that there was nothing wrong about modis comment in the rajya sabha that singh knew the art of taking bath wearing a raincoat as he remained untainted despite all the scams in his government.
he said singh, who had called demonetisation organised loot and legalised plunder, was likely to have read from a note written by some other congress leader as such strong expressions are alien to his vocabulary.
watch what else is making newsthe pm is responding to it (singhs demonetisation remark).
why are they (congress) so troubled with this?
fun, pun, repartee and exchange of mild or strong words are part of parliamentary convention, he said.
the congress has two sets of leaders.
ones who come from the family are beyond criticism.
they cannot make a mistake.
the second set of leaders are those who are used for political convenience and then discarded.
manmohan singh also has his utility those outside the family are useful, expendable entities, he said.
president pranab mukherjee receives first copy of book judicial reforms-recent global trends from pm modi at rashtrapati bhawan.
(source: ani_news/twitter) president pranab mukherjee receives first copy of book judicial reforms-recent global trends from pm modi at rashtrapati bhawan.
(source: ani_news/twitter)prime minister narendra modi on wednesday said efficient governance was needed in order to reduce the burden on judiciary.
speaking at the rashtrapati bhawan on redundant laws, pm modi said, maine vaada kiya tha mai per day ek kanoon khatam karunga, ab tak 1200 kar chuka hoon, (i had promised i would end one law everyday.
i have discarded 1200 of them by now).
the prime minister also presented the first copy of book judicial reforms  recent global trends to president pranab mukherjee at the rashtrapati bhawan.
chief justice of india jagdish singh khehar also elaborated on the aspirational nature of judicial reforms.
addressing the audience, khehar said, while justice is inspirational, judicial reforms are only aspirational.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was also present at the event, said, legislation must be left to those who are elected to legislate and governance must be left to the realm of those elected to govern.
president pranab mukherjee will also be the first one to to receive a copy of the book on global trends on judicial reform from pm modi.
the cji also shed light on recent judicial appointments.
we made recommendations for appointment of judges to sc and that has come through.
weve also made recommendations for filling up eight vacancies of chief justices of hcs, he said.
khehar also assured that it must be in advanced stage of finalisation.
we have been at it regularly for hours almost everyday trying to finalise memorandum of procedure, expect to finalise it in next two weeks.
i assure you we will try our best for early disposal of cases, the cji said.
saying theres no lack of talent, president mukherjee cautioned that we must have the system in place to utilise the talent expeditiously.
he also said, theres a need to address problems-have adequate court rooms, infrastructure, to utilise modern facility and adequate number of judges.
b'the supreme court on tuesday asked if the senior leaders of the bjp,the vhp and others had a very weak case on merits in the babri masjid demolition case while granting another opportunity to the cbi for explaining the delay in its appeal against the order to drop conspiracy charges against l k advani and others.
the courts poser came after senior advocate ravishankarprasad prasad,who appeared for various leaders,opposed cbis plea to condone 167 days in filing the special leave petition against the impugned allahabad high court order of may 2010.
prasad claimed that cbis two affidavits demonstrated no substantial ground and hence there was no reason why their request should be allowed.
it prompts us to ask the question; do you have a very weak case on merits that you are taking such a view?
we do not usually deliberate so much on deciding the question of delay in filing a petition but in this case,since there are serious objections,we are dealing with it in detail, a bench of justices h l dattu and j s khehar said.
prasad responded they had a very strong case but the cbis case was a political persecution.
now that you say that you have a strong case,let them satisfy us on the question of delay, said the bench.
it had earlier agreed with cbis submission that this was not a case which a law officer could settle in a routine manner.
after going through the list of dates adduced by cbis lawyer senior advocate p p rao as per courts directive,the bench said cbi appeared to be prompt in pursuing the matter after the hc order but the delay of more than three months occurred in the office of the then solicitor general in settling and finalising the appeal.
we think somebody from the office of the senior law officer needs to file his affidavit,explaining the delay,otherwise it will be justified to challenge the admission of appeal.
we see delay of almost one month happened at every stage of finalising the appeal and mainly in the office of the solicitor general.
it could have been a different case if the cbi slept over the matter but it does not look so, it observed.
the court,in the fitness of things,then asked the solicitor generals office to file an affidavit in a weeks time to explain the reasons of delay.
the counsel for the leaders were also given a week to respond to the affidavit as the bench,on a request by rao to list the matter immediately thereafter,posted it for april 16.
the court is hearing cbis appeal against decisions of special cbi court and hc to drop criminal conspiracy charge against advani,kalyan singh,uma bharti,vinay katiyar,murli manohar joshi and several others.
b'dalit activists block traffic in new delhi.
(source: express photo by praveen khana) dalit activists block traffic in new delhi.
(source: express photo by praveen khana)four persons were killed and five others sustained gunshot wounds as the bandh called by dalit organizations against the alleged dilution of sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act turned violent in madhya pradesh.
many more, including police officials, were injured as clashes erupted in morena, gwalior, and bhind districts forcing the authorities to clamp curfew in parts of these three districts and impose prohibitory orders in sagar, datia and balaghat districts.
tension prevailed in other parts of the state but no major incident was reported.
follow live updatesig (law and order) makrand deuskar said all four deaths and injuries resulted from gunshots fired either by protesters or those against the bandh.
he said the police did fire in the air at two places but no one was injured.
he said the death and injury toll could change.
he, whoever, added that the police will await post mortem reports before making any definite comments about gunshots.
internet services in these three districts have been shut.
rakesh jatav and deepak jatav died in gwalior town and mahavir rajawat and rahul pathak died in bhind and morena towns.
at least five persons were injured in firing in bhind.
gwalior-chambal region of mp has a very percentage of licensed gun holders.
superintendents of police in several sensitive districts, especially in gwalior-chambal and malwa regions had been warned to be on alert, a senior police officer said.
groups of slogan-shouting protesters moved in all main cities like indore, bhopal and jabalpur but trouble was reported from gwalior where people refused to down shutters when asked leading to clashes.
the chhattisgarh express was stopped at morena railway station for a long time.
there were reports that protesters pelted stones at the train forcing passengers shut windows and doors.
the train developed a snag and was stopped for hours there.
read | bharat bandh: mayawati condemns violence, slams centre over delay in filing review petition against sc/st rulingas tension spread, at least two police stations and one chowky were attacked by protesters.
deuskar said many police personnel were injured in the attack.
appealing for calm, chief minister shivraj singh chouhan said that the central government has filed a review petition in the supreme court.
our government is committed to protecting the rights of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, he tweeted in the wake of violence.
as violence escalated, the cm called the chief secretary and the dgp to review the law and order situation at an emergency meeting in his chamber.
b'bharat bandh: violent protests were reported in parts of uttar pradesh, gujarat and punjab, while section 144 has been imposed in gwalior.
bharat bandh: violent protests were reported in parts of uttar pradesh, gujarat and punjab, while section 144 has been imposed in gwalior.
the supreme court on monday refused to hold an urgent hearing of a petition seeking review of its verdict that laid down stringent safeguards before registering a case under the act.
a bench of chief justice dipak misra and justices a m khanwilkar and d y chandrachud said that the petition will be heard in due course of time.
the apex court had on march 20 said that on several occasions, innocent citizens were being termed as accused and public servants deterred from performing their duties, which was never the intention of the legislature while enacting the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act.
the petition, which was filed by the all india confederation of sc/st organisations, was submitted in the wake of the large-scale violence and protests which broke out in most parts of the country today.
the federation is a conglomerate of nearly 150 organisations.
live updatesadvocate manoj gaurkella, appearing for the employees federation said that the recent verdict passed by the apex court on march 20 was unfair and unjust and it should be stayed.
he said that this writ petition should be heard by a larger bench of five judges to decide the issue.
earlier in the day, the centre filed a review petition, challenging the verdict of the top court.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will argue the matter with full authority in the top court and appeal for reconsideration.
however, the bandh turned violent when protesters began pelting stones and damaging properties across various states.
agitators blocked several trains in bihar and jharkhand, affecting railway services.
violent protests were reported in parts of uttar pradesh, gujarat and punjab, while section 144 has been imposed in gwalior.
two persons have been reported to be dead till now.
the cbse has postponed all class 12 and 10 exams scheduled for monday in punjab.
exams will be held as scheduled in chandigarh and in the rest of the country.
b'addressing a media conference after the session was concluded, union parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar also attacked the congress: it was negative politics and its (congresss) intolerance towards peoples mandate that stalled parliament addressing a media conference after the session was concluded, union parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar also attacked the congress: it was negative politics and its (congresss) intolerance towards peoples mandate that stalled parliamentwith the ruling bjp and congress involved in a blame-game over the complete washout of the latter half of the budget session, prime minister narendra modi on friday announced a fast by bjp mps on april 12 to protest the impasse caused by the opposition in parliament.
both houses were adjourned sine die on friday.
addressing bjp mps on the partys foundation day, pm modi accused congress of taking parlia-mentary proceedings to a new low and throttling democracy.
while the congress countered by accusing the government of engineering the disruptions to avoid any discussion, opposition leaders, according to sources, told the government at the customary post-session tea meeting at the rajya sabha chairmans chamber that the monsoon session could meet a similar fate unless the government starts back-channel talks.
there could be more of this in monsoon session if the government does not reach out.
we also told ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and mukhtar abbas naqvi: if the issues of special status for andhra pradesh and cauvery management board are left hanging, how could the monsoon session be any different?
a senior opposition leader, who was part of the meeting, said.
soon after bjp announced that its mps will observe fast on april 12, the congress, too, announced a nationwide fast on april 9 to protect and promote harmony.
the party asked the government not to prorogue the session, and reconvene parliament for two weeks, or 10 days, to debate key issues and pass laws.
read | pm modi says congress throttling democracy, bjp mps to observe fast over parliament disruptionsat the bjp meeting, modi is learnt to have told bjp mps that opposition members almost surrounded him during his reply to the motion of thanks on the presidents address to parliament, and that such disruption during a prime ministers speech was unprecedented.
modi had replied in both houses during the first-half.
addressing a media conference after the session was concluded, union parliamentary affairs minister ananth kumar also attacked the congress: it was negative politics and its (congresss) intolerance towards peoples mandate that stalled parliamentbut anand sharma said, the congress is not responsible for the disruption.
we wanted debate, we wanted accountability, and we shall continue to demand that.
today we have told the chairman of rajya sabha to inform the government that we are willing: do not prorogue the houses, they have been adjourned only sine die.
reconvene the parliament for two weeks or 10 days to debate issues and bring in important laws.
other opposition leaders said there has been no effort by the government to break the deadlock.
sharma pointed out that modi was not present in rajya sabha when the session came to a close and called it an insult to the upper house.
andhra pradesh assembly also passed a resolution, urging the centre to convene a special session of parliament to review the provision of the andhra pradesh reorganisation act and assurances made in rajya sabha, including special category status.
congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge accused the government and its allies for disrupting lok sabha, and asked why members causing disturbance were not suspended and the no-confidence motions taken up for discussion.
b'in the early hours of september 29, the nda government carried out surgical strikes on terror launch pads along the loc, and owned up to it.
on that day, the india-pakistan relationship entered a new phase, imbued with a new dynamic, bearing new challenges  and raising key questions.
what was the defined objective of the military strike and has it been accomplished?
have the costs of the proxy war that pakistan has waged against india been raised in a manner and to an extent that it is dissuaded in future?
what are the next steps for indias government, for managing the escalation?
in a robust democracy, these are questions that must be asked of the government and questions that the government must address, within the constraints and while keeping the necessary options open, without labelling the questioners as unpatriotic or anti-national.
but in a climate where the initial sobriety displayed by both government and opposition after the strikes is rapidly evaporating, serious conversation or questioning is being rendered difficult.
on show is the triumphalism and chest-thumping by sections of the ruling dispensation, being countered by immature claims and irresponsible dares issued by the opposition, particularly the congress.
watch video: surgical strikes: eyewitnesses accounts validate indias claim of a lethal strikeunion defence minister manohar parrikar broke through the general restraint with which his government had handled the aftermath of the surgical strikes with some effusive imagery, describing pakistan as the anaesthetised patient after surgery, and the indian army like lord hanuman, awakening to its own prowess.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad followed his colleagues trail, and went further.
suggesting that to question government and the army is to be with pakistan, he accused delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal of making headlines in the pakistani media and warned him not to do or say anything whereby our armed forces feel let down.
this, after kejriwal had exhorted the government, quite unexceptionably, to expose pakistans false propaganda.
watch video: surgical strikes: congress spells out three strikes carried out by upathe congress, after having initially supported the government, no questions asked, appears to be rashly overcompensating.
digvijaya singh has asked that the government furnish proof of the strikes, while, and here is the problem, the party has officially boasted that it had carried out similar strikes when it was in government in 2008, 2009, 2011, and 2013, but not taken political ownership.
all revelations are welcome, by those who are in power and those who have been.
but that a thought-through governmental policy can be upended so cavalierly by the congress in the heat of this moment, just to score points off the bjp, is immensely sobering.
the congress has raised questions that the congress must answer even as it interrogates the government.
there is need for greater thoughtfulness and responsibility on all sides.
the bjp-led government, which has opened a new front against the terror that has repeatedly struck the nation from across the loc, must refrain from drawing borders within.
and the congress must know that its rhetoric in this difficult moment will return to haunt.
b'bjp today dubbed the draft jpc report on 2g spectrum scam as a cover-up attempt to save congress leaders,including prime minister manmohan singh,and vowed to raise it in parliament next week.
the party refused to believe that the prime minister was not involved in the process of allocating the 2g spectrum in 2008 and accused congress of using the jpc to subvert the truth.
it accused jpc chief p c chacko,a congress leader,of denying an opportunity of deposition to former telecom minister a raja who is the main accused in the scam and had claimed the pm and then finance minister p chidambaram were in the loop.
this looks like a cover-up, bjp president rajnath singh said while commenting on the draft report which has given a clean chit to the prime minister and the finance minister.
he pointed out that raja has been requesting to depose before the jpc to give his version.
he (raja) is the main accused.
it is surprising that despite his request he was not called.
the country would like to know why a minister,who was even jailed in the case,was not called despite his request.
this question will definitely be asked in parliament, singh said.
speaking to reporters in bangalore,leader of the opposition in rajya sabha arun jaitley said,history repeats itself once as a tragedy and again as a farce.
this is the second time in history that congress and upa neck deep in corruption had subverted the truth using the jpc mechanism.
he said if the jpc finds that manmohan singh and chidambaram were innocent,all i can tell you is this jpc report will meet the same fate as the bofors jpc.
its credibility will probably be worse than earlier jpcs.
recalling the time when the bofors scam had broken out,jaitley said a jpc under late b shankaranand had come out with a fictional report saying the bribes in the deal were actually winding up charges because middlemen and agents were asked to wind up their business.
bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad,who is a member of the 30-member jpc,said the report appeared like a congress document in which attempts have been made to save its leaders,including the prime minister.
the draft report looks like a congress document and not a jpc report in which there is an overpowering desire to save its leaders,including the prime minister and the finance minister,in the 2g scam and is yet to objectively consider the wider ramification of this massive scam which shamed the country, prasad said.
the bjp president charged that leakage of the jpc draft report appears to be part of a plan.
such actions further demonstrate that this government has been playing with the credibility of constitutional bodies like the parliamentary committee, singh said.
flagging the issue,prasad said: the media showed the jpc draft report on 2g scam extensively.
this is a gross breach of parliamentary propriety where any report draft is debated,discussed,amendments are moved in the formal meeting and thereafter views are taken.
this is a matter of grief and surprise that violating the tradition of discussing the draft report in the meeting in which amendments would be moved even before a discussion could take place,this has come out in the media.
this is highly unfortunate and we condemn it, the bjp leader said.
he said the whatever has come out in the media on the contents of the jpc report we have strong objections over it and we shall convey our serious objection,firmly and forcefully in the formal jpc meeting which is scheduled for april 25.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo.
files.
) union minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo.
files.
)the bjp on monday slammed the congress over the public slaughter of a calf in kerala, saying the party seemed willing to go to any lengths for political gains.
law minister and senior bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said: this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
political opposition happens but it is unfortunate that such an act has been committed, that too by youth congress workers.
he said that public slaughter is against the constitution, which seeks to prohibit cow slaughter.
the incident which has since been decried by the congress leadership has come at an opportune moment for the bjp just ahead of party president amit shahs visit to kerala, prasad added.
pti adds: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath also took the opportunity to question the silence of opposition parties on the matter.
meanwhile, a senior bjp leader of garo hills area in meghalaya tried to allay fears over ban of beef in the state.
in meghalaya most of the bjp leaders eat beef.
the question of banning beef does not arise in a state like meghalaya, especially in garo hills.
bjp leaders in meghalaya are well aware of the historical background and constitutional provisions over the hill areas for which beef ban will remain unimposed in meghalaya, said bernard n marak, tura bjp district president, in a release.
he added that if the bjp came to power in the state next year, its motive would not be a beef ban but the regulation of rates and slaughterhouses to allow for ease in meat consumption.
kerala case horrific: congressstating that cow has a special place in the hearts and minds of indians, the congress went into damage-control mode on monday and called the public slaughter of a calf in kerala reprehensible and absolutely condemnable.
on sunday, congress vice-president rahul gandhi had called the act thoughtless, barbaric and completely unacceptable.
congress communication department head randeep surjewala on monday said, indias ethos and the congress partys culture abjures any kind of violence or barbarism against every living being, much less the cow, which has a special place in the hearts and minds of people of india.
the horrific incident in kerala is reprehensible and absolutely condemnable such elements have no place in the congress party.
modi responded positively to the issues brought to his notice by rao.
the chief minister submitted 10 memoranda.
modi responded positively to the issues brought to his notice by rao.
the chief minister submitted 10 memoranda.
telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao on friday met prime minister narendra modi in delhi and raised several issues, including request for funds for the kaleswaram irrigation project and handing over some defence land here to build a new state secretariat complex.
other issues raised by rao at the hour-long meeting were expediting construction of railway projects,special high court for telangana, releasing funds for certain backward districts, sanctioning an iim, releasing funds for a proposed information technology investment region, assent to the new zonal system (visvis government employment) announced by the state government, the chief ministers office said here.
modi responded positively to the issues brought to his notice by rao, it said.
the chief minister submitted 10 memoranda.
thanking the prime minister for expeditiously giving clearance to the kaleswaram irrigation project, rao sought rs 20,000 crore financial aid for it, the release said.
the project cost is rs 80,000 crore and the government has allocated rs 25,000 crore in its budget.
another rs 22,000 crore has been obtained as loan from financial institutions, it said.
rao requested amending the presidential order on the zonal system concerning government employment, it said.
he sought modis intervention to set up a special high court for telangana as the high court in hyderabad continues to be common for both telangana and andhra pradesh.
rao sought the transfer of bison polo ground in hyderabad for construction of a new secretariat complex, it said, adding the government has already requested the defence ministry, which currently holds the said land, for its transfer.
the chief minister also sought expediting railway projects in the state and funds for the itir project in hyderabad.
referring to media reports which quoted union electronics minister ravishankarprasad prasad as having said that the proposed itir project in hyderabad stands withdrawn, rao said the project should not be withdrawn, the release said.
b'ravi shankar prasad said in 2016, a record 126 high court judges were appointed in one year, which he claimed was highest since independence (express file photo/javed raja) ravishankarprasad prasad said in 2016, a record 126 high court judges were appointed in one year, which he claimed was highest since independence (express file photo/javed raja)law minister ravishankarprasad prasad hit back at rahul gandhi on sunday for his claim about the huge pendency of cases in courts and the shortage of judges, saying the governments notice to cambridge analytica for data mining has unnerved the congress president.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court 55,000+, high court 37 lakh+, lower courts 2.
6 crore+.
yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news, gandhi said on twitter on saturday, using the hashtag judiciarydemonetised.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court55,000 + high court37 lakh + lower courts2.
6 crore + yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news.
#judiciarydemonetised pic.
twitter.com/qspkciupkw  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 24, 2018 https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jshitting back at gandhi for the tweet, prasad said judiciary has never been made part of any political debate in the country.
he also said that in 2016, a record 126 high court judges were appointed in one year, which he claimed was highest since independence the tradition of the country has been that even in case of extreme political hostility, we keep judiciary aside, and we should continue to do so, prasad told pti.
he wondered whether rahuls tweet on judicial pendency was a result of nervousness after governments notice to cambridge analytica for data mining.
gandhis attack had come after prasad accused the congress of hiring the services of the controversial data firm, accused of harvesting data stolen from facebook, in previous elections.
the charge has been denied by the congress, which instead accused the bjp of using the services of the firm.
should we suspect that the notice to cambridge analytica and the promise of a vigourous action has unnerved him, made him angry and also apprehensive, the bjp leader said.
gandhi had also taken a swipe at prime minister narendra modi over the delay in appointment of judges to the supreme court.
justice k m joseph, overturned presidents rule in uttarakhand in 2016.
when his name was proposed for the supreme court, modi jis ego was hurt.
approval of over 100 judges, cleared for the supreme court and various high courts are now on hold.
#judiciarydemonetised(sic), he had said in another tweet.
reacting to it, prasad had tweeted: mr rahul gandhi, maintaining your track record your team has failed you once again by not doing their homework.
average appointments of high court judges under upa-1 was 86 per year, and in upa-2 it was 79 per year.
under nda it has been 109 per year.
in 2016 a record 126 high court judges were appointed in one year- highest since independence.
since may 2014 nda govt appointed 17 sc judges, 326 hc judges & made 304 additional judges permanent & also created 173 new posts of high court judges, compared to 20 created in upa 2, he said in another tweet.
mr rahul gandhi, pendency is the legacy which upa govt of 10years had given us where judicial infrastructure development was the lowest priority.
we r (sic) improving the situation by creating more infrastructure, more digitization & greater technology application in disposal of cases, he wrote.
the congress and the bjp have been engaged in levelling charges and counter-charges over using the services of the controversial data firm.
the youth congress leaders at the police station in kannur.
pti the youth congress leaders at the police station in kannur.
ptieight youth congress leaders and a butcher were arrested on thursday in connection with the public slaughter of a male calf in kannur to protest against the nda governments notification on sale of cattle for slaughter.
they were later granted bail.
among the arrested youth congress leaders are the organisations kannur mandal president rijil makkutty, state general secretary joshi kandathil and local leader sharafudhin kattampally.
the accused had procured a male calf, slaughtered it in a stationary truck and distributed the meat among local residents to protest against the centres notification.
the arrested persons face charges under section 120 (a) of kerala police act, sections 143, 147 and 149 of ipc and sections 3 and 11 of the prevention of cruelty to animals act.
since all the offences are bailable, the accused were granted bail.
following the public slaughter, the central leadership of the congress had tried to distance itself from the incident.
what happened in kerala yesterday was thoughtless, barbaric & completely unacceptable to me & the congress party.
i strongly condemn the incident, party vice-president rahul gandhi had tweeted on his official handle @officeofrg.
a day later, congress suspended makkutty and two more youth congress leaders, saying that their action is completely unacceptable to the party.
the bjp, on its part, had slammed the congress over the public slaughter, saying that it seemed to be willing to go to any lengths for political gains.
law minister and bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said: this is shameful and in many ways provocative.
b'union minister ravishankarprasad prasad prasad said it was not right to say that the government was committing a cardinal sin by giving its views.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad prasad said it was not right to say that the government was committing a cardinal sin by giving its views.
the centre was within its rights to seek a reconsideration of a name recommended by the supreme court collegium for appointment as judge and to give its inputs, union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on monday.
prasad said it was not right to say that the government was committing a cardinal sin by giving its views.
his remarks come in the background of the controversy over the government asking the collegium to reconsider its recommendation to elevate uttarakhand high court chief justice k m joseph to the apex court.
read | once again, supreme court collegium stalls on justice km josephs nameeven in the collegium system architecture, created by the three judgments of 1993, 1998 and 1999 and 2015 of the njac, the right of the government has been acknowledged to seek a reconsideration and also to give inputs.
therefore, when i see these kinds of things  as if giving our views we are committing a cardinal sin  with great respect, (it) is not the right position in law, prasad said while addressing an event at the launch of a website and mobile app of the law ministry to monitor progress in development of judicial infrastructure in real-time.
prasad said the government will continue to respectfully and gently convey our views  and that obviously the collegium has to take a call.
he said the centre was led by people committed to the cause of independence of the judiciary.
this government is led by prime minister narendra modi, home minister rajnath singh, finance minister (arun jaitley), external affairs minister sushma swaraj, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, all of whom fought the emergency for three freedoms: individual freedom, press freedom and independence of judiciary.
therefore, this government is led by leaders who suffered for the cause of independence of judiciary at the most trying time.
that commitment shall remain absolutely unshakeable.
he reiterated that the law ministry, and the minister, is not a post office simpliciter in the matter of judicial appointments and sought to rubbish charges that the government was going slow in appointing judges to various high courts.
prasad pointed out that the government had appointed 126 high court judges in 2016, which, he said, is the highest in the last 30 years, and that the centre hopes to surpass this number this year.
on digitalisation of courts, he said about 71 per cent of total courts in the country had become e-courts, and 33 per cent of this was done in the last four years.
all district courts must become e-courts by 2018-19, he said.
prasad also pitched for a national-level entrance test for talent infusion into the subordinate judiciary, pti reported.
he, however, made it clear that he was not rooting for a national-level judicial service on the lines of all-india services such as the ias and the ips for appointing judicial officers.
b'cambridge analytica row live updates: the data leaks scandal has forced facebook ceo mark zuckerberg to concede that the right steps were not taken and that they needed to ensure this does not recur.
cambridge analytica row live updates: the data leaks scandal has forced facebook ceo mark zuckerberg to concede that the right steps were not taken and that they needed to ensure this does not recur.
the international scandal involving social media giant facebook and data analytics firm cambridge analytica has had a ripple effect on indian politics with the analytics firm claiming to have worked in india in the past.
major political parties bjp, congress and jd(u) find themselves embroiled in the controversy, with the cambridge analytica website claiming to have provided service to them through its indian partner ovleno business intelligence (obi), which is owned by jd(u) leader kc tyagis son amrish.
it has also been revealed that in india, cambridge analytica worked in bihar elections in 2010.
responding to allegations made against his son amrish, jd(u) leader kc tyagi thursday said that, there was only a work relation between my son amrishs company and cambridge analytica, there is no financial transaction or shareholding, everything is open to probe.
union minister for it and law, ravishankarprasad prasad had wednesday issued a warning to facebook or the alleged case of data theft, while also accusing the main opposition congress of having links with cambridge analytica.
prasad alleged that the firm had plans to influence polls in india, too.
referring to other news reports, he alleged that the controversial firm was in talks with the congress party for the 2019 lok sabha elections.
the bjp tuesday said attempts were made by the ruling trinamool congress in west bengal to prevent people from attending its president amit shahs rally in the state, claiming that wind of change is blowing there.
advertisingwhy is mamata banerjee scared?
she called herself a fighter, who fought against the left rule in the state.
so why she is scared in fighting the bjp, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at a press conference.
shah addressed a rally in malda, and prasad said vehicles carrying the bjps workers and supporters were stopped by the ruling party in an attempt to prevent them from attending it.
targeting banerjee, he said the congress used to make similar attempts to foil political programmes of opposition leaders before and during the emergency but everybody knows what happened.
the congress was defeated in the general election in 1977, which was held after the emergency was lifted.
mamata banerjee should know.
she was then in the congress.
wind of change is blowing across bengal, he said.
it is generally understood that public safety is the first duty of a government, but it has taken a petition in the supreme court to secure the safety of kashmiris in 11 states across the country.
the court has directed the delhi police commissioner and the chief secretaries and dgps of jammu and kashmir, uttarakhand, haryana, uttar pradesh, bihar, meghalaya, chhattisgarh, west bengal, punjab and maharashtra to ensure the security of kashmiri citizens and other minorities.
a bench led by chief justice ranjan gogoi required these officials to take prompt and necessary action to prevent incidents of threat, assault, social boycott etc against kashmiris and other minorities.
it is their duty to protect citizens, but it took a court order to remind them of it.
advertisingthis amounts to a sharp response to a government living in denial of the feeling whipped up against the community following the pulwama attack.
this is not the first time that an entire community has been demonised for the actions for a tiny handful of its members, and the government should have acted swiftly to reassure them.
on the contrary, human resource development minister, prakash javadekar, announced that the community was at no risk, at a time when reports of the targeted harassment of students and migrant labour were appearing in the media.
institutions were publicly denying admission to kashmiris, and workers were living in fear.
imminent violence in delhi was prevented by police action.
at the same time, meghalaya governor tathagata ray tweeted in support of a nationwide boycott of kashmiris, and kashmiri products and businesses.
it was a sentiment that recalled a dark time in europe, caused an uproar in society, but was met by the government with a disconcerting silence.
it took far too long for union law minister, ravishankarprasad prasad, to speak against the motion, and he limited himself to saying that he did not agree with it.
the cumulative result is that the citizens of one state, already alienated, are now certain that they are unwanted.
historically, the supreme court has served as the custodian of the public weal, intervening to secure a range of assurances, from the protection of undertrials to that of the environment.
however, it should not have been necessary for citizens to approach the highest court to secure the safety of a community.
in addition, the opposition has also been surprisingly reluctant to contest problematic statements on the issue.
it, too, has failed in its duty, which is to call out the government when it falters.
it is a lasting shame that the political class, across parties and ideologies, chose to be silent when mobs threatened to turn the anger over the killing of security personnel inward and against a particular community.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the burden on judiciary can be reduced only if the government is ready to take a considered view before filing cases.
(file photo) law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the burden on judiciary can be reduced only if the government is ready to take a considered view before filing cases.
(file photo)with government being the biggest litigant in the country, the law ministry has written to various government departments to bring down cases and desist from being compulsive litigants.
putting on record that the government is party to nearly 46 per cent of the 3.
14 crore cases pending in courts, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said that the burden on judiciary can be reduced only if the government is ready to take a considered view before filing cases.
in a letter to his cabinet colleagues heading various ministries, he said, the government must cease to be a compulsive litigant the judiciary has to spend its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party, and the burden on the judiciary can only be reduced if the cases are filed after taking a careful and considered view.
though law ministry officials have noted that the government is a party in 46 per cent of the cases pending in courts, it is for the first time that the law minister has gone on record with this figure.
prasad has also addressed a similar letter to the chief ministers of all states.
he said officials should identify frivolous and vexatious matters and separate them with merit and take quick steps to either withdraw or dispose them speedily.
he said filing of new cases against government staff should be discouraged and recourse to litigation should be adopted only as a last resort.
the law ministers letter to his cabinet colleagues and the chief ministers came at a time when the centre is working to bring out a national litigation policy since 2010.
several states have already adopted their separate litigation policies.
prime minister narendra modi had in october last termed the government as the biggest litigant and had pushed for a need to lessen the load on the judiciary, which spends its maximum time in tackling cases where the government is a party.
b'pm narendra modi warned the ministers to be careful not to break any rules as electronic snoopers were ever present.
pm narendra modi warned the ministers to be careful not to break any rules as electronic snoopers were ever present.
many in the party were puzzled that prakash javadekar was appointed a cabinet minister, rather than piyush goyal, dharmendra pradhan and nirmala sitharaman, who are considered favourites of narendra modi and amit shah and whose names were doing the rounds.
actually, javadekars job profile in his new ministry helped bring about the elevation.
he was considered a suitable replacement for smriti irani because of his conciliatory approach.
later it was felt that whoever handled hrd should be promoted since the minister has to interact with senior academicians, iim, iit directors etc, and demands of protocol ought to be upheld.
word of advicepm narendra modi had a meeting with the new ministers.
he warned them to be careful not to break any rules as electronic snoopers were ever present, someone might be tapping their phones or using recording devices when speaking to them.
nor should they speak out of turn.
and that the media and opposition were looking to trip them up.
also, instead of wasting time in felicitation functions, they were told, they should get down to work.
house huntingseveral central ministers are keen on 12, tughlak road, as residence.
it is not the size alone that makes the building so coveted, but the fact that it is considered lucky.
the last tenant, former sports and youth affairs minister sarbananda sonowal, was elevated as cm of assam shortly after moving in.
the building also brought good fortune to former tenants ajit singh and his father charan singh, who became prime minister, albeit very briefly.
on the other hand, 7, safdarjung road, is a more spacious vacant bungalow but there are few takers for it since it is considered unlucky.
a former occupant, pramod mahajan, was shot by his brother.
vayalar ravi agreed to move into the house because he said he did not believe in superstition, but his wife died of an illness during the period he occupied the bungalow.
incidentally, retiring rajya sabha bjp mp v p singh of the princely house of badnore started a new tradition in government bungalows.
he put up a plaque listing all the previous tenants at 9, safdarjung lane.
he is the last in a long list, including rabi ray, biju patnaik, begum akbar jehan, manmohan singh, nanaji deshmukh, kalraj mishra and maya singh.
there is bound to be much demand for this house.
post scriptualas communications minister, ravishankarprasad prasad revolutionised the postal service thanks to e-commerce, which is very popular in the hinterland.
parcel revenues, up a mere 2 per cent in 2013-14, shot up by 45 per cent in 2014-15 and 80 per cent in 2015-16.
shortly before he demitted charge, prasad had conceived the idea of selling bottled gangajal (from gangotri and rishikesh) at post-offices and through delivery by postmen.
bureaucrats in the ministry were privately sceptical and keen to quietly shelve the scheme once the minister left, because they feared they would have to handle a spate of complaints from dissatisfied customers.
besides, it would increase their workload.
but prasads successor mos manoj sinha is equally enthusiastic about the concept.
sinha and prasad launched the sale jointly in patna last week.
web mischiefnewly elected bjp mla from assam angurlata deka faces the same problem as anupriya patel, leader of the apna dal, recently appointed mos in the modi government.
deka, an accomplished actress, has been harassed by trolls on twitter.
someone even posted a fake photo of her on the internet.
last week, she complained to police that communal tweets were sent out in her name from a fake account.
earlier, patel had also filed a similar police report that fake tweets were put out in her name to damage her political and social standing.
shah stays firmg m siddeshwara, mos for heavy industries, pleaded with party president amit shah that he be given a few days grace period before being dropped as a minister.
he was to celebrate his birthday in his constituency davangere, thousands of guests were expected and he did not want to be humiliated.
even after the birthday party, siddeshwara tried to persuade the bjp high command to change its mind.
siddeshwara had hoped that his fellow lingayat leader b s yeddyurappa would speak on his behalf.
but the bjps karnataka chief has had no luck even in installing his favourite mp shobha karandlaje in the core committee of the party for karnataka.
despite his strong recommendation, shah had omitted her name.
if the congress believes that rahul gandhis candidature in wayanad will give it a much-needed boost in kerala, and perhaps in the adjoining regions in tamil nadu and karnataka, the angry reaction of the cpm and the left should come as a vindication of its calculations in the left-ruled state.
advertisingwhile keralas congress chief mullappally ramachandran said rahuls arrival will result in a 20-20 victory  the state has 20 lok sabha seats  senior cpm leader prakash karat said the main opposition party has lost the plot by deciding to fight against the left instead of the bjp.
click for more election newsexplained exposes rift in oppn camp while again underlining the partys shrinking footprint, the congress move has also exposed faultlines in the opposition camp.
the decision may also leave the party on the defensive in up, where it has ambitiously fielded priyanka gandhi vadra to regain lost fortunes.
the bjp, meanwhile, projected rahuls decision to contest from a second seat as a panic reaction.
the partys chief amit shah claimed that rahul gandhi has fled to kerala as he fears that amethi voters will seek an account of work from him.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said rahul may have found wayanad a safe seat since only 49 per cent of the population is hindu.
speaking to the indian express, karat said rahuls decision goes against the stated commitment of the congress that they are going to fight the bjp and defeat the bjp.
read | rahul gandhi to contest from kerala too, congress says unity message to southin kerala, going to fight in wayanad means they are fighting against the left.
we are going to fight against the udf, including rahul gandhi, in wayanad.
we will work to defeat the udf and win all the 20 seats.
the congress has lost the plot.
they said their main fight was against the bjp, but they have diverted their fight to one against the left, karat said.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said the lefts priority is to defeat the modi-led bjp-nda government and to ensure an alternative secular government now let the congress decide what its priorities are.
out of the nine seats the cpm had won in 2014, five came from kerala and two each from bengal and tripura.
the cpi had a lone mp, that too from kerala.
pushed to the wall in both tripura and west bengal, the cpm and the left are looking towards kerala to clock respectable figures this time.
but rahuls entry has injected an element of uncertainty in those hopes.
kerala chief minister pinarayi vijayan said rahuls decision can only be viewed as a fight against the left.
we are not at all worried.
whosoever comes to take on the left, we have the strength to take them on, he said.
cpm state secretary kodiyeri balakrishnan warned that the congress president was playing into the hands of the bjp by seeking the support of muslim extremist organisations, such as the social democratic party of india (sdpi), which is the political wing of popular front of india (pfi).
in wayanad, the iuml (indian union muslim league) has better sway than congress among voters.
iuml, on its part, has an alliance with jamaat-e-islami and social democratic party of india.
in short, gandhi is contesting as the candidate of congress-iuml-jamaat-sdpi.
congress should think whether seeking support of muslim extremist organisations would benefit congress at the national level.
fighting the communal party bjp should not be by joining hands with muslim extremism, balakrishnan said.
senior cpi leader d raja said he is at a loss to understand congress politics and added that the cpi will not withdraw or change its wayanad candidate.
by choosing a constituency in kerala, what message is the congress conveying?
when we are all united in fighting the bjp, the congress has come to fight us, he said.
the aap, which was poised for a tie-up with the congress in delhi, also questioned the wayanad move.
read | aap slams rahul gandhi move to contest from keralainstead of concentrating attention on removing a dictatorial and anti-federal regime, the congress seems to be dividing votes where the anti-bjp forces are strong.
look at what the congress is doing in up, west bengal and andhra pradesh, aap leader gopal rai said.
the bjp, meanwhile, hit out at the congress chief for choosing to contest from another seat, apart from amethi where the ruling party has again fielded union minister smriti irani.
rahul gandhi has fled to kerala as he fears that amethi voters will seek an account (of work) from him in kerala, there is politics of appeasement, hence he is going there, shah said while addressing a rally in ups bijnor.
union minister prasad said: as per the 2011 census, only 49 per cent of the population of wayanad is hindu and the rest are minorities.
and rahul gandhi finds it a safe seat.
rahul gandhi is only a chunavi hindu.
reacting to the lefts attack, congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said, this is not a fight with the left or the right.
this is a fight to give a befitting reply to those forces who are attacking the culture, the language, the way of life as also the deep connect between the two portions of india  north and south  between whom the bjp and prime minister modi have created a deep divide.
b'congress party chief rahul gandhi.
(express photo by anil sharma/files) congress party chief rahul gandhi.
(express photo by anil sharma/files)congress president rahul gandhi on saturday hit out at the nda government over huge pendency of cases in courts and shortage of judges, and accused law minister ravishankarprasad prasad of peddling fake news.
his attack came after prasad accused the congress of hiring the services of controversial data firm cambridge analytica, accused of harvesting data stolen from facebook, in previous elections.
the congress had countered the charges saying it was the bjp that had hired the firm for elections.
in a series of tweets, gandhi said while the number of cases pending in the courts were rising, the law minister was busy peddling fake news.
legal system collapsing under pending cases: supreme court 55,000+, high court 37 lakh+, lower courts 2.
6 crore+.
yet, a staggering 400 high court and 6,000 lower court judges not appointed, while law minister preoccupied peddling fake news, he tweeted.
reacting sharply to rahuls accusation, prasad also tweeted that the data claiming the hiring of high court judges had actually increased during the nda regime as compared with the upa tenure.
average appointments of high court judges under upa-1 was 86 per year, and in upa-2 it was 79 per year.
under nda it has been 109 per year, he posted.
mr rahul gandhi, the notice given to cambridge analytica for data manipulation has naturally worried you.
angry, frustrated and apprehensive, you are now dragging the judiciary.
deeply reprehensible, prasad tweeted.
outside parliament on wednesday, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and home minister rajnath singh ask reporters to throw their posers at the other (source: express photo by renuka puri) outside parliament on wednesday, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and home minister rajnath singh ask reporters to throw their posers at the other (source: express photo by renuka puri)with members across party lines expressing concern over supreme court getting into the domain of lawmaking through some of its verdicts, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday said the judiciarys reluctance to trust the prime minister for fair appointment of judges is a loaded question.
replying to questions in lok sabha, prasad said the separation of power principle is binding on the judiciary, too.
by separation of power, i mean the executive will do its own function, parliament will do its own function, and the judiciary will do its own function  parliament (is meant) to enact, executive to formulate and execute, and judiciary to interpret (laws), the minister said.
in this light, if the separation of power principle is binding on all, i am sorry to say that it is equally binding on the judiciary.
prasad said, the prime minister possesses the nuclear button.
the prime minister can do so much of work entrusted by the people of india, but the prime minister, through the law minister, cannot be trusted to appoint a fair judge.
it is a very loaded question.
the minister said parliament has to debate this issue soon.
as prime minister narendra modi looked on, prasad did not hide the governments reservation on the apex courts move to overturn a new law on appointment of judges.
he said a litigant might feel that a judge will not be impartial since he was appointed by a committee that includes the law minister.
the prime minister is the leader.
he works through his ministers.
the prime minister of india today is the main player in the appointment of the president of india, the vice president, the cvc (chief vigilance commissioner), the chief election commissioner, the public service commission and the three army chiefs.
the people of india entrusts the prime minister the duty to safeguard the integrity and the security of india, prasad said, responding to congress mp k h muniyappas remark that the court rejecting a bill passed by parliament sends a bad message to the country.
in october 2015, the supreme court had declared as unconstitutional a constitutional amendment to validate the national judicial appointments commission (njac) act, which had contemplated a significant role for the executive in appointing judges in the higher judiciary.
earlier, raising a question on speedy disposal of cases, bjp member sanjay jaiswal remarked that the apex court was getting into lawmaking through its verdicts on issues ranging from cricket management to medical entrance tests.
mps from both treasury and opposition benches were seen thumping their desks over the remark.
jaiswal was referring to the top courts orders on cricket management and neet medical entrance examination.
although prasad refused to make any comment on the two orders jaiswal referred to, he pointed out that in the kesavananda bharati vs state of kerala judgement, the supreme court had laid out separation of powers between the legislature, executive and the judiciary.
mohammad salim of the cpi(m) wanted to know whether court proceedings could on camera  like proceedings of parliament are telecast live  so that people can see what is happening in the court, and whether the poor are getting justice.
the minister said online transmission will create a psychological pressure but there are logistical problems involved in it.
while telecast of lok sabha and rajya sabha proceedings was easy, as there are only two houses.
it is difficult to do so in several thousand courtrooms.
but the suggestion is worth considering, prasad said.
as mps repeatedly asked about the increasing number of vacancies in the courts, prasad said the modi government has made 126 appointments to the high courts and called it the highest ever in last 30 years.
he said, it goes to the collegium in the supreme court.
a record 30 per cent of the recommendations of the high courts are turned down by supreme court.
i am sorry to say, many of the nominations are remitted by the supreme court.
but i am fast-tracking it.
indias cyber security unit cert-in earlier said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on indias vital networks.
(source: ap) indias cyber security unit cert-in earlier said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on indias vital networks.
(source: ap)the government on monday said there was no serious impact in the country due to a global ransomware cyber attack, except for a few isolated incidents in kerala and andhra pradesh.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the systems run by the national informatics centre were secured and running smoothly.
there is no major impact in india unlike other countries.
we are keeping a close watch.
as per the information received so far, there have been isolated incidents in limited areas in kerala and andhra pradesh, prasad told reporters at new delhi.
india is on high alert, monitoring critical networks across sectors like banking, telecom, power and aviation to ensure that systems are protected in the wake of reports of possible cyber attack by ransomware wannacry on the countrys vital networks.
wannacry has disrupted networks in over 150 countries, including russia and the uk, and is being termed as one of the most widespread cyber attacks in the history.
reports suggest that over two lakh systems globally could have been infected by the malicious software.
indias cyber security unit cert-in earlier said it has not received any formal report of cyber attack on indias vital networks.
everything seems to be normal, so far.
no reports have come to cert-in.
we have been in touch with microsoft and otherseven they have not got any reports, indian computer emergency response team (cert-in) director general sanjay bahl told pti.
ransomware is a malicious software that blocks access to data unless a ransom is paid.
b'ravi shankar prasad said, probity demands that @rahulgandhi should apologise & promise not to manipulate voters and divide the society in future.
ravi shankar prasad said, probity demands that @rahulgandhi should apologise & promise not to manipulate voters and divide the society in future.
the bjp on wednesday sought an apology from congress president rahul gandhi for allegedly using cambridge analytica data to swing poll results and said probity demands that he should promise not to manipulate voters in the future.
this came after facebook chief mark zuckerber apologised to the us congress and took personal responsibility for not doing enough to protect facebooks users private data from being misused and manipulated.
senior bjp leader and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on twitter that cambridge analyticas role in manipulating elections is clear and facebook has given an assurance to stop it and maintain integrity of indias elections.
now that cambridge analyticas role in manipulating elections is clear & facebook has assured to stop it and maintain integrity of indias elections, probity demands that @rahulgandhi should apologise & promise not to manipulate voters and divide the society in future!
https://t.
co/xo4ijujsbw  ravishankarprasad prasad (@rsprasad) april 11, 2018https://platform.
twitter.com/widgets.
jszuckerbergs apology for failing to protect the social media giants user data in the cambridge analytica scandal as a handle, prasad said, probity demands that @rahulgandhi should apologise & promise not to manipulate voters and divide the society in future.
last week, zuckerberg admitted making a huge mistake as personal data of up to 87 million users may have been improperly shared with british political consulting firm cambridge analytica, a figure higher than the previous estimate of 50 million.
there have been allegations that cambridge analytica data has been used by parties in india too.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey)the government on thursday cited the earlier congress regimes unfair treatment of the judiciary to counter the opposition partys criticism of the bjp-led central government over its decision to ask the supreme court to reconsider its recommendation to elevate justice k m joseph to the apex court.
the government is led by narendra modi, rajnath singh, sushma swaraj, arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad and many others who had fought against emergency and suffered for individual freedom, freedom of media and the independence of judiciary.
the congress should stop lecturing us, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the congress partys record of giving unfair treatment and in many ways of unfair treatment of judiciary is well known.
the whole record of the congress is littered with repeated instances of superseding judges who were found to be inconvenient, and censorship, prasad said, reacting to the congresss attack on the governments move.
read | modi govt wants to pack courts with people of their choice: congressrecalling how justices j m shelat, k s hegde and a n grover were superseded during congress rule before the emergency, the minister said: the legendary judge justice h r khanna, who gave the dissenting judgment in adm jabalpur case and upheld the freedom during the emergency, was denied the position of cji for two months and superseded by a junior.
the real provocation of the imposition of the emergency was the judgment of allahabad high court unseating indira gandhi.
read | govt has struck at the very heart of judicial freedom: former cji rm lodhasenior bjp leaders dismissed suggestions that justice k m josephs name had not been cleared by the government because of his 2016 ruling quashing presidents rule in congress-ruled uttarakhand.
it is regrettable to suggest that justice joseph is being singled out because of his 2016 ruling.
it is a completely infructuous argument for the simple reason that the bjp is in power with two-thirds majority in the state despite that judicial setback, said a senior bjp leader.
justice j s khehar had struck down njac, the narendra modi governments prime legislation on judicial accountability, in 2015, but the government did not hold it against him and try to put a spanner in his elevation as chief justice of india.
it was a judicial decision and the party took it in that spirit, he added.
read | govt arguments against justice km joseph do not hold water, say criticssenior bjp leaders, who had watched appointments in the higher judiciary during the upa regime, claimed how the congress-led upa government had segregated justice c k prasads name from the composite recommendation along with justices t s thakur and swatanter kumar in 2009.
justice c k prasad was elevated to the supreme court a year later.
likewise, bjp sources claimed that one needs to look at appointments to the high courts in 2012 and 2013 during the upa regime when the composite recommendations were segregated.
the it ministry today launched botnet cleaning and anti-malware analysis centre for rs 90 crore to provide free anti-virus to computers and mobile phones for removing malicious softwares.
i would like isps (internet service provider) to encourage their consumers to come on board, there is a free service available.
come and use it in the event some malware has sneaked in to the system, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said at the launch of botnet cleaning and malware analysis centre.
watch what else is making newsthe indian computer emergency response team (cert-in) will collect data of infected systems and send it to isps and banks.
these isps and banks will identify the user and provide them the link of the centre, launched in name of cyber swachhta kendra.
the user will be able to download anti-virus or anti-malware tools to disinfect their devices.
the project has budget outlay of rs 90 crore spread over period of 5 years, certin director general sanjay bahl said.
as of now 58 isps and 13 banks have come on board to use this system.
the ministry also launched m-kavach for security and anti-theft solution for mobile phones, usb pratirodh to ensure only authorised person is able to access pen drive and appsamvid for identifying genuine applications at the time of installations on computers.
the minister directed cert-in to also set up national cyber coordination centre (nccc) by june.
the government has approved rs 900 crore for nccc which will monitor and handle cyber attacks on indian internet space in real time.
safety and security is integral.
as the prime minister said cyber threat is akin to bloodless war.
i dont have slightest doubt cyber security is not only going to be big area of digital swachh bharat but also going to be big area of digital growth, digital employment and digital commerce, prasad said.
to encourage startups in the field of cyber security, the minister announced that government has reduced testing fee for their product by half.
at present standardisation testing and quality certification (stqc), a division under the ministry of electronics and it, charges testing fee in the range of rs 8-10 lakh per case but startups in the field of cyber security will need to pay only around 4-5 lakhs.
to strengthen cyber security ecosystem in the country, prasad said that certs will be set up at state level as well and 10 more stqc testing facilities will set up.
punjab government has ordered an fir against bhartiya janata party (bjp) leader swaran salaria, owner of chintpurni medical college, pathankot, for allegedly not refunding fees collected from students after it was shut down.
maya shankar, wife of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, is also a member of the educational society running the college.
advertisingpunjabs health secretary satish chandra has written a letter to senior superintendent of police, pathankot for registering a case of against salaria and other members of the management of the college in connection with non-compliance of orders.
the college was shut down in 2017 after the state government issued orders against the college for allegedly not following the guidelines of medical council of india (mci).
the students were shifted to various government-run medical colleges in december 2017 after they approached the punjab and haryana high court earlier this year.
the high court also directed secretary, health, medical education and research, satish chandra, to get the fee and security deposit refunded and documents returned.
he was asked to submit a compliance report on april 10.
advertisingchandra called two meetings on the issue in which principal of chintpurni medical college, rps boparai, was present on march 26 and april 6.
at an earlier meeting, boparai said the original documents were not returned as the students owed pending fee to the college.
later on april 6, he expressed his inability to refund the fee and return the documents as they were in the custody of the management.
no member of the college management attended the meetings.
as per the no objection certificate granted by the state government to the college, salaria is the chairman of the society responsible for the management of the college.
besides salaria, others who are on the society running the institute include ashok goyal as secretary, santosh salaria as treasurer, and members including maya shankar, wife of ravishankarprasad prasad, vipin mishra, shammy salaria, sim sim salaria, and richa salaria.
b'when the minister got up and clapped for a marching contingent, he was beamed live on air.
when the minister got up and clapped for a marching contingent, he was beamed live on air.
having faced criticism over the last couple of years for focusing its cameras too much on prasar bharati officials, public broadcaster doordarshan went a step further this republic day and ensured that its cameras kept returning to minister of state for information & broadcasting rajyavardhan rathore throughout the live telecast of the parade.
when the minister got up and clapped for a marching contingent, he was beamed live on air.
when he got up again to cheer for the tableau of rajasthan  his home state  he was on air again.
in between too, dd camerapersons ensured that the minister remained visible.
meanwhile, dds coverage, especially its camera angles, earned praise from all.
taking centrestagethe importance of rashtriya swayamsevak sangh joint general secretary krishna gopal, the pointman between the sangh and the bjp, was visible at the rashtrapati bhavan at-home on tuesday.
not only was the rss functionary the cynosure of all eyes, surrounded as he was by vips, but almost all ministers, including allies like ram vilas paswan, were seen making their way to him.
paswan was introduced to gopal by union telecommunications and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad, and remained in conversation with him for some time.
lok sabha deputy speaker m thambidurai was also seen walking up to the rss pointman.
reshuffle talkever since the congresss rout in the lok sabha elections, there has been talk of a major organisational revamp which will have a full rahul gandhi imprint.
the buzz comes up periodically, and then fades away.
speculation about an aicc reshuffle is once again gaining ground, and, if leaders close to rahul are to be believed, the revamp could happen within a month  before campaigning begins for assembly elections due in april-may.
sources said there could be more representation from the states going to polls.
gujarati boseas many as 17 members of netaji subhash chandra boses family were in delhi, at the official invitation of the culture ministry, for the declassification of the netaji files.
the initiative was taken by prime minister narendra modi, who has known several relatives of bose for years  some of them even speak gujarati.
at the event on january 23, modi spoke with them in his mother tongue, and referred to a member as gujarati bose.
b'i want to tell the nation that if democracy is alive in the country, it is because of parliament, the senior congress leader said, adding that the opposition has a right to raise such issues in parliament to discharge its duties.
(file photo) i want to tell the nation that if democracy is alive in the country, it is because of parliament, the senior congress leader said, adding that the opposition has a right to raise such issues in parliament to discharge its duties.
(file photo)virtually justifying the ongoing protests in parliament, leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad on wednesday said it would be unfair to blame the opposition for forcefully raising peoples issues in the house.
as the rajya sabha bade farewell to about 60 of its retiring members, azad chose the moment to justify the protests on issues like the banking scam, the cauvery dispute or the demand for special status to andhra pradesh, which have disrupted the proceedings for over the past three weeks.
asserting that democracy is alive due to parliament, he said our protests were never against the chair or against some particular people.
they werent politically motivated.
it was not against the colleagues, while asserting that major issues critically affecting the people were being raised.
i want to tell the nation that if democracy is alive in the country, it is because of parliament, the senior congress leader said, adding that the opposition has a right to raise such issues in parliament to discharge its duties.
these may not appear good on tv, but the mps raising voice against either on the banking scam, or the cauvery dispute or for the special status to andhra pradesh was part of discharging their duties towards the nation and by doing so, the members had no self interest or ulterior motives, he asserted.
he said that some media houses portrayed the recent opposition protests as a protest against against the chairman, saying this was not so.
maintaining that it was unfair to accuse the opposition mps of fighting and disrupting parliament, azad said the doors of these members remained open 24 hours for the people of their constitutencies, who have faith in them unlike on senior officials who can only meet people during office hours and that too, only through appointments.
he said the members are sent to parliament to represent the needs of the people and raise their voice there.
the parliamentarians look after the needs of poor people, farmers, workers, women and others and fighting on their behalf and it is not that mps would stand benefited due to raising voice, azad astressed.
without mentioning the bjp, he said that even the ruling party had protested in such a manner when it was in the opposition and roles in politics often got reversed.
azad rose to speak after the speech by prime minister narendra modi in which he had indirectly referred to the disruptions in the house.
naresh agarwal, who recently quit the sp and joined bjp, got a special mention from azad who took a jibe at him.
he said naresh agarwal ji ek aise suraj hain, jo idhar doobe, udhar nikle.
idhar nikle, udhar doobe.
(naresh agarwal is like the sun who sets from one end and rises from another).
azad said he was confident that the party he has just joined (bjp) will use his full potential and added that he would miss agarwal for a number of reasons, including that he used to speak 5-6 times a day and unlike other mps.
the leader of opposition also mentioned the contributions made by deputy chairman p j kurien and veteran congress leader k rahman khan among others.
he also congratulated arun jaitley, ravishankarprasad prasad, dharmendra pradhan and jp nadda on their re-election to the upper house.
while bidding farewell to retiring mps, azad also said that the central hall of parliament was full of former mps and he will look forward to seeing many of his retiring colleagues there.
b'the bjp on saturday spoke in different voices over owning of responsibility by prime minister manmohan singh on the cvc issue with leader of the opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj saying the matter should rest now while her party said he should respond in parliament.
i appreciate the statement of the prime minister owning responsibility for the appointment of cvc which has been quashed by supreme court.
i think this is enough.
let matters rest at this and we move forward, swaraj said on twitter.
the prime minister,who is on a visit to jammu,said he accepts his responsibility in the appointment of thomas,which was quashed by the supreme court yesterday.
i respect the judgement of the supreme court.
it is necessary to ensure that such things dont happen again.
this is not a question that relates to coalition compulsions, singh said.
though swaraj was in a mood to end the matter,her partys chief spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad expressed different sentiments,saying this was not enough.
we will wait for the prime ministers structured response in parliament on the issue.
just a casual comment on owning responsibility is not enough.
there should also be determination of this responsibility, prasad said.
b'mark zuckerberg said facebook executives have some sense of the different things that we need to get in front of.
mark zuckerberg said facebook executives have some sense of the different things that we need to get in front of.
under fire in the controversy raging around data analytics firm cambridge analytica and its harvesting of facebook user data, the social media giants founder mark zuckerberg broke his silence early thursday to say that his company is enhancing its security features ahead of the upcoming elections in countries like india and brazil.
his remarks come as he and facebook face flak over a major data breach scandal by the british firm linked to donald trumps presidential campaign.
zuckerberg, in an interview with the new york times, referred to artificial intelligence (ai) tools deployed by facebook to detect fake accounts trying to manipulate news and influence the elections.
such a tool was deployed for the first time in the french elections in 2017.
the new ai tools we built after the 2016 elections found, i think, more than 30,000 fake accounts that we believe were linked to russian sources who were trying to do the same kind of tactics they did in the us in the 2016 election.
we were able to disable them and prevent that from happening on a large scale in france, he said.
read | ravishankarprasad prasad warns facebook on data breach: can even summon mark zuckerberglast year in 2017 with the special election in alabama, we deployed some new ai tools to identify fake accounts and false news, and we found a significant number of macedonian accounts that were trying to spread false news, and were able to eliminate those, zuckerberg said.
this is for the first time that zuckerberg has publicly talked about facebook being allegedly used for influencing polls.
i feel a lot better about the systems now.
at the same time, i think russia and other governments are going to get more sophisticated in what they do, too.
so we need to make sure that we up our game, he said.
this is a massive focus for us to make sure were dialed in for not only the 2018 elections in the us, but the indian elections, the brazilian elections, and a number of other elections that are going on this year that are really important, zuckerberg said.
explained | facebook chief mark zuckerbergs promises fix: what he said, what he did notwith more than 250 million users, india is the largest market for facebook.
more indians use the social media platform than americans, which is its second largest market.
zuckerbergs comments come a day after the union minister for law and justice, and electronics & information technology ravishankarprasad prasad issued a warning to the social media company that india will take stringent action which could include summoning zuckerberg, in case data of indians is stolen.
besides interviews, zuckerberg also put up a 900-word facebook post in which he apologised for his mistakes.
read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partneri started facebook, and at the end of the day, he said, im responsible for what happens on our platform.
im serious about doing what it takes to protect our community.
he added that facebook has a responsibility to protect your data, and if we cant then we dont deserve to serve you.
he also promised to make it harder for apps to harvest information of users.
zuckerberg admitted that governments including russias will get more sophisticated in their ways to interfere with elections of other countries, so we need to make sure that we up our game.
he also admitted that facebook was unable to tackle undue influence of external factors during the 2016 american elections.
theres no doubt that in 2016, there were a number of issues including foreign interference and false news that we did not have as much of a handle on as we feel a responsibility to for our community.
one of facebooks biggest responsibilities, he said, is to protect data.
to prevent the kind of unauthorised gathering and sharing of data that cambridge analytica was involved with, zuckerberg laid out three steps facebook will take: dramatically reducing the amount of data that developers have access to; doing a full forensic audit of any app that facebook uncovers that has any suspicious activity; blocking access to apps that a user hasnt used for three months.
he said, it is really important that people know what apps theyve authorised.
opinion | when data, fake news and algorithms combinezuckerberg said in his post that the company will alert every user whose data may have been affected in the scandal involving cambridge analytica.
the company will go through an intensive process reviewing thousands of apps on the platform.
to tackle the issue of false news, another major concern plaguing a number of countries around the world today, zuckerberg said, facebook has made some basic policy decisions.
if youre anywhere close to being a fake news site, you cant put facebook ads on your site, right?
so then suddenly, it becomes harder for them to make money.
if you make it hard enough for them to make money, they just kind of go and do something else.
mark zuckerberg mark zuckerbergthe facebook founder told the new york times that, he could not have anticipated a situation like this when he started the social media platform during his college days.
if you had asked me, when i got started with facebook, if one of the central things id need to work on now is preventing governments from interfering in each others elections, theres no way i thought thats what id be doing, if we talked in 2004 in my dorm room.
cambridge analtyicas parent company, strategic communication laboratories has partnered with a firm named ovleno business intelligence (obi) in india.
before its website was suspended on wednesday, obi had mentioned bjp, congress and janata dal (united) among its political clients.
interestingly, obis owner amrish tyagi is jd(u)s senior leader kc tyagis son.
amrish tyagi and cambridge analyticas suspended chief executive, alexander nix are directors in a ghaziabad-based company named strategic communication laboratories private limited.
nix was recorded by undercover journalists of channel 4 news boasting how his organisations tactics to influence elections include honey-trapping and bribing their clients opponents.
b'bjp is set to corner the government in parliament over the leakage of jpc report on 2g spectrum allocation,coal scam and the brutal rape of a five-year-old girl in delhi as the second phase of the budget session begins on april 22.
the executive committee of the bjp parliamentary party today held a meeting at the residence of l k advani to evolve its strategy in parliament.
top bjp leaders including party president rajnath singh,leader of opposition in lok sabha sushma swaraj,besides murli manohar joshi,jaswant singh,shanta kumar and ravishankarprasad prasad attended the meeting and discussed various issues including the coal scam and 2g spectrum case,besides the rape incident of a five-year-old girl in east delhi.
the executive committee of the bjp parliamentary party today met under the chairmanship of l k advani and discussed various issues including the draft report of the jpc on 2g spectrum and the alleged pressure exerted on the cbi on the coalgate scam.
as per our tradition,after the bjp parliamentary party meeting,the nda meets and formally finalises its strategy to be adopted in parliament.
the nda will meet in the evening, deputy leader of the bjp in rajya sabha ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after the meeting.
the party leaders discussed various issues confronting the nation for over 90 minutes at the meeting and formalised its future course of action in attacking the government in parliament.
prasad said,concerns and anger was also expressed at the comment made on former prime minister atal behari vajpayee in the draft report of jpc on 2g spectrum.
he said the party leaders also discussed the unfortunate rape incident in east delhi and expressed regret at the inept handling of law and order in the national capital at the hands of delhi police which comes directly under the central government.
b'the key flashpoints: importance of seniority, need for judges to write their reasons down, having a committee to vet candidates to tapping the bar for the bench.
the key flashpoints: importance of seniority, need for judges to write their reasons down, having a committee to vet candidates to tapping the bar for the bench.
in first remarks as union law minister on monday, ravishankarprasad prasad, speaking to the indian express, struck a conciliatory note vis-a-vis the judiciary.
behind the scenes however, both sides are locked in an unprecedented exchange of notes, arguments and terms to hammer out the memorandum of procedure (mop) that will define the contours of this vital and uneasy balance of power.
of course, all this is easier said than done.
given the trust deficit between the two after the supreme court, in october 2015, struck down the national judicial appointments commission (njac) act and the 99th constitutional amendment which gave politicians and civil society a final say in the appointment of judges in high courts and the supreme court.
watch video: whats making newsit was this judgment that had recommended appropriate measures to improve the working of the collegium system.
a separate order, passed by a five-judge bench in december 2015, listed factors  these included eligibility criteria, transparency in the appointment process, secretariat and complaints  for preparing the mop.
multiple accounts, exclusively available to the indian express, reveal that the exchanges between the two sides reveal a tantalising faceoff thats as much about ideas as it is about power.
the key flashpoints: importance of seniority, need for judges to write their reasons down, having a committee to vet candidates to tapping the bar for the bench.
seniority & meritthe governments proposal is that while promoting a high court chief justice or a judge to the supreme court, the criteria of seniority, merit and integrity would be followed.
preference should be given to chief justices of the high courts keeping in view their inter-se seniority.
however, the judges view, said to be communicated to the government recently, is that the criteria of seniority as a high court judge, subject to merit and integrity, would be followed.
in other words, seniority is, yes, a factor but it should be subject to merit and integrity.
reasons in writingthe government has proposed that in case a senior chief justice being overlooked for elevation to the supreme court, the reasons for the same be recorded in writing.
the government says that of the five judges of the collegium for appointing supreme court judges, the views of each one must be made known to the government.
this is necessary for the sake of transparency and to ensure there is no favouritism, is the governments argument.
the collegiums counter-argument is that recordings of reasons for overlooking a chief justice or a senior puisne judge will be counter-productive as the reasons specified may mar his/her prospects of being elevated to the supreme court at a future point of time.
moreover, it may also affect his/her duties as judge or chief justice and may become a permanent blot on his/her career.
the judges quote a 1998 judgment of a supreme court constitution bench in response to a presidential reference on the issue of appointment and transfer of judges.
where therefore, there is outstanding merit, the judgment says, the possessor thereof deserves to be appointed regardless of the fact that he may not stand high in the all-india seniority list or in his own high court.
.
all that then needs to be recorded when recommending him for appointment is that he has outstanding merit.
the government thinks that merely recording that he has outstanding merit is not enough  and not acceptable.
because its argument is: how can you be sure no favouritism has taken place when judges with seniority in high courts are ignored?
in fact, the government claims, the 1998 judgment does not imply that reasons need not be given when senior judges are being overlooked.
three-judge quotathe government proposed that up to three judges may be appointed from the bar or from distinguished jurists with proven track records.
and that all judges of the supreme court should be open to recommend names for these postings.
but the judiciary says that this upto three tantamounts to either restricting the intake from the bar or fixing a quota of the bar.
and in neither case does it fall within the framework of the constitutional provisions.
after deliberation, the government has agreed with this view that fixing a limit is not necessary so long as their representation is assured.
committee & secretariatone serious difference between the two sides is over the governments proposal to set up an institutional mechanism in the form of a committee to assist the collegium in evaluation of the suitability of prospective candidates.
it wants two retired judges of the supreme court and an eminent person/jurist to be jointly nominated by the chief justice of india and the government.
the collegium feels thats not necessary.
the government counters that wider consultation is necessary to select best candidates.
to underline this, it argues that consultation is embedded in the constitution when it comes to judges postings.
article 124(2) says: every judge of the supreme court shall be appointed by the president by warrant under his hand and seal after consultation with such of the judges of the supreme court and of the high courts in the states as the president may deem necessary for the purpose.
the government has also proposed that there be a secretariat that maintains a database of judges, schedules collegium meetings, maintains records and receives recommendations and complaints related to judges postings.
the judiciary hasnt rejected the idea of a permanent secretariat  but it believes that forming and functioning of it should be left to the wisdom of the cji and it should be under the ambit of the registrar of the apex court.
the government, however, wants it to be under the law ministry.
it argues that the secretariat would help cast a wider net for better candidates and for the collegium to decide, it should have comparative data.
surely, the binding nature of the collegiums recommendation is whats bothering the government.
as per the existing system, the collegiums recommendations can be sent back but if it reiterates then the same, it is binding on the president.
that, the governments advisors argue, is only a matter of healthy convention and not a legitimisation of the judiciary to ride roughshod on the appointments.
above all, the government is arguing that three important judgments of 1993, 1998 and 2015 on appointment of judges does not give absolute powers to the collegium.
instead, they ask for participatory consultative process at the highest level.
all these arguments by the government reiterates, expectedly, that in the integrated process political executive has no role to play is incorrect.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo) law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(file photo)the election commission needs to build a political consensus on the issue of electoral reforms, including funding, the government said today, putting the ball back in the court of the poll panel on its long-pending demand for changes in the system of party fundings.
responding to a string of questions on the demands of the commission to amend electoral laws to bar anonymous donations above rs 2000 and to give it power to deregister a political party, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will render full cooperation to the poll watchdog on the issue.
watch what else is making news?
our government stands firmly behind the proposal to make electoral funding more transparent.
this requires political consensus across political divide.
ec needs to take stand in this regard.
we shall render full cooperation, he told reporters.
addressing one of his election rallies in uttar pradesh recently, prime minister narendra modi had hailed ecs efforts to cleanse political system of black money.
the commission has sent to the law ministry a string of electoral reform proposals, including the one to reduce from the present rs 20,000 to rs 2000 anonymous political donations, power to countermand polls over proof of use of money power and authority to deregister political parties.
several ec proposals are pending with the government which the poll body feels can help cleanse the electoral system.
after dilly-dallying for over a week, the congress on sunday finally announced that its president rahul gandhi will contest from a second lok sabha seat, wayanad in kerala, to espouse the aspirations of south india.
advertisingwith this, rahul would be following in the footsteps of grandmother indira gandhi, who had contested from rae bareli in uttar pradesh and medak (now in telangana) in her comeback elections in 1980, and mother sonia, who had contested from amethi in up and bellary (karnataka) in her maiden electoral fight in 1999.
rahuls decision, in line with the gandhis looking south when in crisis, appears to be a bid to make a larger political statement  that, unlike his prime challenger, narendra modi, he is not confining himself to the north.
rahul is also contesting from amethi, from where he has won thrice earlier.
the bjp has again fielded union minister smriti irani against him.
however, the decision also leaves rahul open to the charge  both from the bjp openly, and the left silently  that, unlike wayanad, amethi may no longer be a safe seat for the congress president.
explained exposes rift in oppn camp while again underlining the partys shrinking footprint, the congress move has also exposed faultlines in the opposition camp.
the decision may also leave the party on the defensive in up, where it has ambitiously fielded priyanka gandhi vadra to regain lost fortunes.
congress sources did not rule out the possibility of priyanka gandhi vadra contesting from varanasi against prime minister narendra modi, ostensibly to counter this insinuation that rahul had run away from up.
however, the gandhis are reportedly yet to make up their mind on priyanka taking the electoral plunge.
read | rahuls second seat wayanad: bjp calls it panic, left says congress has lost the plota senior congress leader said, modi would be forced to spend more time in varanasi if priyanka gandhi contests from there it will also give a message that we are serious when it comes to up.
another leader speculated that she can contest from amethi in the event of rahul winning from both the seats and deciding to keep wayanad.
while the late m i shanavas had won wayanad by only over 20,000 votes in 2014  his majority dipping by around 1.
5 lakh votes from 2009  it is considered safe for the congress given its demographic make-up.
in a reference to this, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad put it bluntly on sunday: as per the 2011 census, only 49 per cent of the population of wayanad is hindu and the rest are minorities.
and rahul gandhi finds it a safe seat.
according to sources, the congress had zeroed in on three seats for rahul to contest from in the south  wayanad, kanyakumari in tamil nadu and bangalore rural in karnataka.
wayanad is the safest best among the three.
while leaders from tamil nadu urged rahul to contest from there, the congress is now a fringe player in the state and even if the congress president had won from kanyakumari, the credit would have gone to the dmk  the leader in its alliance in the state.
on the contrary, in karnataka, the congress is still a big force and both state party president dinesh gundu rao and former chief minister siddharamaiah wanted rahul to contest from the state.
however, party leaders say, the congress could not zero in on a safe seat in karnataka.
bellary is no more a congress bastion  the bjp won both in 2009 and 2014  and is now a reserved constituency.
the congresss other strongholds in the state, like raichur, chitradurga and gulbarga, are also all reserved.
click for more election newsbangalore rural was on the table, but it was eventually ruled out as the seat is considered a bastion of d k shivakumar, who is facing corruption allegations.
as for the other two southern states, andhra pradesh and telangana, the congress is more or less extinct there since the messy 2014 bifurcation.
moreover, the state units of neither sought out rahul as a candidate.
about wayanad, senior leader a k antony said on sunday, it is an ideal constituency that will in a way satisfy the sentiment of the three southern states.
wayanad, even though it is in kerala, is a trijunction with tamil nadu on one side, the nearest parliamentary constituency is nilgiris, and karnataka on the other side.
the nearest constituency in karnataka is chamrajnagar.
wayanad is situated in kerala but is surrounded by karnataka and tamil nadu, he added.
congress spokesperson randeep surjewala said amethi has been and will always be rahuls karmabhoomi and he could never leave it.
this fight is to give a message to the people of southern states that they are deeply valued, deeply respected.
their culture, their language, their way of life, their food habits, the clothes that they wear, their entire way of life is important to the congress as also to india as a unified country.
this is a fight against those forces who seek to divide india based on colour, language, way of life, food habits and clothes you wear, surjewala added.
in her 1980 election, indira had won by a much bigger margin from medak than in rae bareli.
she had also chosen chikkamagaluru in karnataka in a lok sabha by-election in 1978 to make her comeback after losing in 1977 in the wake of the emergency.
b'ravi shankar prasad.
(express photo: javed raja) ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo: javed raja)a day before mondays bharat bandh called by dalit organisations to protest the alleged dilution of the sc/st act, the centre on sunday announced that it would move the supreme court on monday to seek a review of its judgement that laid down stringent safeguards before registering a case under the act.
announcing this on twitter, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad wrote, review petition by the government against the sc judgement on sc/st protection act shall be filed positively tomorrow, monday, april 2.
follow bharat bandh live updates heresources said the decision had been taken at the highest level of the government and prasad and minister for social justice and empowerment thawar chand gehlot were in touch to expedite the process.
the petition will be filed by the social justice ministry, they added.
read | bjps dalit mps want government to file review petition against sc orderin its march 20 judgement, a bench of justices a k goel and u u lalit had expressed concern that working of the sc/st atrocities act should not result in perpetuating casteism and went on to lay down certain procedures to keep a check on false implications of innocent citizens on caste lines.
this invited protests from dalit mps and outfits, among them the bjps mps, who met gehlot and conveyed their concern that the sc order may end up to denying justice to sc/sts.
they also asked gehlot to take the matter up with prime minister narendra modi.
read | in uttar pradesh, a bjp dalit mp speaks up: we need to save constitution, bahujanslater, a delegation of dalit mps, which included the bjps allies  ljps ram vilas paswan and ramdas athawale of the republican party of india (a)  called on the prime minister, who assured them that the government was looking into the matter.
athawale told the indian express after the meeting that the pm said the government is in the process of filing a review petition once the law ministry finishes studying the matter.
on march 26, the ljp filed a petition in the apex court seeking a review of the march 20 judgement.
prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers prime minister narendra modi (r) with union ministers arun jaitley (c) and ravishankarprasad prasad at parliament house in new delhi (express photo/praveen jain/file)subsequently, prasad said the government had asked the department of legal affairs to consider the desirability of filing a review and added that appropriate action would be taken once the ministry gave its view.
asked what he thought was the flaw in the supreme court judgment, ljps paswan, while speaking at the indian expresss idea exchange session, had said on friday, any law can be misused and that if riders are added to the sc/st act, poor persons will not even go to file any fir.
express explained | rising pendency, falling convictions: what data on sc/st act trials showopposition congress too had demanded that the government file a review plea, alleging a rise in atrocities against dalits under the bjp-led government.
laying down safeguards against misuse of the act, the supreme court had said on march 20, it has been judicially acknowledged that there are instances of abuse of the act by vested interests against political opponents in panchayat, municipal or other elections, to settle private civil disputes arising out of property, monetary disputes, employment disputes and seniority disputes.
it may be noticed that by way of rampant misuse, complaints are largely being filed particularly against public servants/quasi judicial/judicial officers with oblique motive for satisfaction of vested interests.
photo for representational purpose.
partha paul photo for representational purpose.
partha paulin a letter to prime minister narendra modi four months ago, the election commission sought urgent release of funds to procure enough voter verified paper audit trail (vvpat) machines to cover all polling stations ahead of the next lok sabha elections in 2019.
the ec has sent over 10 reminders to the government on the matter, since june 2014, and the letter to modi by chief election commissioner nasim zaidi, on october 25, 2016, was an sos of sorts.
the cec very rarely writes directly to the pm, with its communication to the government on electoral matters normally limited to law and home ministries.
several parties, including the bsp, samajwadi party and aam aadmi party, have raised doubts about tampering of evms following the uttar pradesh and uttarakhand results.
before the 2014 general elections, the bjp had talked of evm tampering on many occasions.
vvpat machines produce a printout of the vote cast using an evm, which can be shown to the voter to dispel any doubts.
this printout is then deposited in a box and can be used to resolve any dispute regarding the election.
in 2013, the supreme court had ordered the ec to implement the vvpat system in a phased manner, and the commission had committed to have it in place by the time of the 2019 general elections.
the ec has been writing to the law ministry (its parent ministry) for funds to purchase approximately 16 lakh vvpats, for which it needs rs 3,100 crore.
in his letter to modi, zaidi wrote, im writing to draw your kind attention to the crisis that may occur during the next general election to lok sabha in 2019, if required numbers of replacement electronic voting machines (evms) and new voter verified paper audit trail (vvpat) are not produced in time by bharat electronics limited (bel) and electronics corporation of india limited (ecil), the two defence psus.
he further wrote, i would like to bring to your notice that commission submitted its first proposal to the government of india in ministry of law & justice on 16th june, 2014 for the required budget and sanction for evms and vvpats and has pursued the matter continuously since then.
there are already two contempt petitions against me and the commission being heard by honble supreme court for not deploying vvpats in adequate number.
the production of vvpat is held up for want of sanction of funds.
hence i would request your good self to kindly look into the matter and advise concerned ministries for release of necessary funds & sanctions for vvpat most urgently.
the sunday express has learnt that on july 20, 2016, the union cabinet had at a meeting considered the procurement of vvpats, but it was decided that the ec should be asked to explore the feasibility of roping in private manufacturers as bel and ecil have limited capacity.
the ec later turned down the suggestion citing sensitivity of the job.
in december 2016, the poll panel recommended two other psus, namely indian telecom industry in bangalore and central electronics limited in ghaziabad, to enhance production capacity.
on january 10, 2017, zaidi wrote to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, warning that if orders for vvpats were not placed by february, manufacturers would not be able to supply the machines by september 2018.
during a recent hearing on the contempt petition against the cec on the matter, the ec told the supreme court that it needed 30 months to procure close to 16 lakh paper trail machines.
this means that unless it ropes in more manufacturers, the poll panel would miss the 2019 deadline to equip all polling stations with vvpats.
following the results in uttar pradesh, bsp chief mayawati, who was decimated in the elections, sought a repoll with paper ballots.
aap leader arvind kejriwal later blamed his partys loss in punjab on evm tampering and asked the ec to tally his partys evm votes with the vvpats installed across 30 seats.
the congresss losing uttarakhand cm, harish rawat, too has attributed the bjps victory to evm chamatkar (evm magic).
while the ec has rejected all such allegations and reaffirmed its faith in evms, in an interview to ndtv news channel on friday, zaidi acknowledged that vvpats would be a game changer, which would double and treble the voters confidence in evms.the poll panel needs 16,15,066 vvpats by 2019, when the lok sabha elections would be held simultaneously with state elections in andhra pradesh, telangana, sikkim, odisha, arunachal pradesh, maharashtra and haryana.
one machine costs rs 19,650.
the poll panel already has about 20,000 units and has placed order for another 67,000 vvpats, of which half have been delivered.
b'union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey/file) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey/file)following former prime minister manmohan singhs criticism of pm narendra modis long silence over the rape cases in kathua and unnao, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on wednesday came to the latters defence saying modi had responded strongly on the incidents.
pm modi, the minister said, has condemned the rapes, terming them shameful and inhuman and has also ensured action.
taking on singh, he further said that unlike his predecessors, prime minister modis orders are acted upon instantly.
dr manmohan singh, unlike your observation, when pm modi says something its heard and action is taken.
please dr manmohan singh dont compare your days with that of modi jis, ani quoted prasad as saying.
read | manmohan singh on kathua, unnao rape cases: pm narendra modi should follow own advice to me, speak more oftenearlier, senior congress leader manmohan singh had hit out at pm modi for his delayed response over the rape and murder of an eight-year-old girl in kathua and the alleged rape of a teenager by a bjp mla in unnao, saying modi should follow his own advice to me and speak more often.
in an exclusive interview to the indian express, singh said he was glad that modi finally broke his silence last friday at an event in delhi commemorating the birth anniversary of b r ambedkar, when he said the daughters of india will get justice and the guilty wont be spared.
singh said modis failure to speak up earlier had allowed people to think that they could get away without stern action being taken against them.
i do feel that those in authority must speak up in time (so as) to give a lead to their followers, he said.
cambridge analyticas use of the data of more than 55 million facebook users has once again reopened big questions about the organisation of the information order in a democracy.
cambridge analyticas use of the data of more than 55 million facebook users has once again reopened big questions about the organisation of the information order in a democracy.
the romance of democracy is that voters, acting as agents collectively, shape their own future.
but this idea rests on the presumption that voters are agents, not mere effects of some propaganda machine, some information order that manipulates them: consent is not manufactured, to use noam chomskys phrase.
the information order also has to grant relatively open access and a degree of equality that allows all citizens to be heard, so that our collective decisions are genuinely all-things-considered decisions.
the purpose of protecting free speech, making sure media power is not concentrated, information is not secret, and so forth, was to protect democracy itself.
most democracies have long betrayed these ideals, especially asymmetries of power in the information order itself.
the alleged scandal involving cambridge analyticas use of the data of more than 55 million facebook users has once again reopened big questions about the organisation of the information order in a democracy.
they have also revealed how so much of the language of our democracy is struggling to come to terms with complex technological developments.
the exact nature of this scandal, what laws were violated, who is responsible, will unfold in due course.
it is also not entirely clear whether such similar violations have not happened in the past.
but the episode has once again opened questions on the nature of democracy.
the first issue at stake is what consent means in the new information order.
the conceit, and attraction of the modern information order is that it does things with our consent, in our name, ostensibly to satisfy our desires.
but given the complexities of data-sharing, possible third-party uses, or use by friends, through whom your data can be accessed, it is not very clear what we are consenting to, and whether the terms of that consent can be enforced.
the idea that simply because you have the formal option of consenting or withholding consent, you can control what can be done with your data seems like a bit of a pipe dream.
it has become the normative equivalent of financial derivatives: a mysterious term that ostensibly helps manage risk, but has itself become the risk because we dont know what it is we are authorising.
also read | facebooks zuckerberg breaks silence on cambridge analytica data scandal; admits mistakes, outlines fixesthis scandal should be a reminder of one of marxs insights: the language of things can disguise the fact that the things signify relationships between people.
the use of seemingly anodyne terms like data, technology, information, etc, can disguise the fact that all of these involve profound shifts in power relations between people, and can have implications for democracy.
one thing that disguises this banal fact is that the debate over new technology, the power of social media etc, is presented as a debate between technologists and anti-technologists.
but the real issue is not that.
it is, more, what forms of ownership, what regulatory architectures ensure that the collection of data, the use and profiting from data, do not subvert the ideals of citizenship.
also read | ravishankarprasad prasad warns facebook on data breach: can even summon mark zuckerbergwe now have an information architecture where a handful of large private players can exercise near monopoly power, with very little accountability on how this power is used.
what has facilitated this power is the idea that there is such a thing as private power that is purely private.
in older critiques of capitalism, we had to create the hard-won knowledge that private economic power has great public effects.
but the rise of the tech companies coincided both with ebbing trust in the state, and a belief that technology was about serving consumers, not distorting the meaning of citizenship.
so, in a way, the private sector was given a free pass.
in india, the debate has a slightly different valence.
we are suspicious of the state.
but when it comes to the now galloping uses of aadhaar, beyond very limited, well-defined and sequestered uses, we are ready to give the state everything we have.
even if you trust the state, in our regime there are very few safeguards against contracting of data with private and foreign parties, which is what the game is increasingly becoming about.
second, we are using the specious argument that since private companies have access to data what is wrong in government collecting and linking data.
the obvious answer to this has to be that questions will have to be asked of both the public and private sector when it comes to data protection, and its monetisation.
but now there is also a more sinister possibility.
what if the state and facebook or jio colluded in how data is used?
one of the ironies of the cambridge analytica episode is how much these companies are dependent on state patronage: apparently, they were being used by states to effect outcomes in other jurisdictions.
both state surveillance and private power are a challenge for democracy.
but apart from safeguards and regulatory oversight, there is a deeper anxiety this episode once again raises.
in india, we had a nice phrase for some forms of democratic mobilisation, social engineering, the idea of creating configurations of social groups based on their identity to carve electoral majorities.
to some extent, social engineering is inevitable.
but there was always the worry that social engineering is rarely about justice.
it involves manipulating peoples fears.
one of the interesting conceits embedded in projects like cambridge analytica and the new science of data-based campaigning is this: their ability to attract clients depends on their ability to socially engineer electoral outcomes.
in computer science parlance, it is a kind of confidence trick that gets you to divulge information.
now the jury is out on how effective all this is.
but what exactly is the confidence trick?
it is that the voters think they are getting what they want, but all the time it is the clients who are getting out of the voters what they want.
also read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partneris democracy increasingly becoming such a confidence trick, merely a feat of social engineering that a good combination of surveillance and data extraction can profoundly affect?
it is premature to panic on this score.
but the cambridge analytica episode does prompt this question.
it does dent confidence in democracy.
and it leads to the view that the chinese state, with its sophisticated arsenal of data-based surveillance, is at least being honest.
voters dont exercise sovereignty, they are manufactured; they are not causes they are effects.
the only question is whether a public authority creates them or a private company.
serious questions for ideas of citizenship.
b'the law minister said that this was done at a time when exit polls were indicating that the congress-led upa was losing power, and it was a lame duckgovernment.
(express photo: anil sharma) the law minister said that this was done at a time when exit polls were indicating that the congress-led upa was losing power, and it was a lame duckgovernment.
(express photo: anil sharma)with congress mps sharpening their attack on the government over the bank fraud, the bjp on monday unleashed a strong counter-offence and alleged that the previous upa government had aided diamantaire mehul choksis gitanjali group by changing import rules for gold traders, giving a glimpse of the ruling partys defence in the budget session of parliament, which resumed on monday.
sources in bjp said the partys counter to the congress attack will involve an attack on the congress for its blessings for businessmen who committed financial irregularities, exposing frauds in the banking system under economist prime minister manmohan singh, the narendra modi governments resolve to take action against those holding black money, and reforms it has initiated so far.
on tuesday, bjp mps will be given the required instructions and guidelines to roll out the partys strategy when the bjp parliamentary party meets in the morning, sources said.
preparing the ground, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad monday addressed the media at the bjp headquarters and made a scathing attack on former finance minister p chidambaram and the congress.
for the last four years, the congress has been indulging in a politics of confusion, fear and concoction against the bjp and its government, prasad said.
he said, there was a scheme by the name of 80:20, introduced in august 2013 and repealed in november 2014.
on may 16, 2014, the date of declaration of 2014 election results, the then finance minister gave his aashirvaad to seven private companies under the 80:20 scheme.
one of those companies was gitanjali, prasad said.
under the 80:20 rule, traders were allowed to import gold only after they had exported 20 per cent gold from their previous import.
the rule was scrapped in november 2014 after the nda came to power, prasad pointed out.
the law minister said that this was done at a time when exit polls were indicating that the congress-led upa was losing power, and it was a lame duckgovernment.
it was the height of shamelessness to take such a decision on may 16, he said.
the rbi, prasad pointed out, had cleared the scheme a few days later, before the narendra modi-led government scrapped the decision within months of coming to power.
alleging that the entire banking system went haywire due to all kinds of interference with it under the so-called economist prime minister, manmohan singh, prasad said the congress should answer the questions raised by bjp.
chidambaram and rahul gandhi must answer why this scheme was passed on the day of results to benefit these seven private companies.
chidambaram swayam nahi kar rahe thhe, seedha aashirwaad thha (chidambaram didnt do it by himself, but it had his direct blessings), prasad said.
he reiterated the modi governments stand that no loan given under its tenure had turned into a non-performing asset (npa).
he also said that jatin mehta, a businessman who is also said to have fled india after defaulting on loans, had escaped india in 2012.
b'congress president rahul gandhi confirmed the meeting through his twitter handle on wednesday.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal) congress president rahul gandhi confirmed the meeting through his twitter handle on wednesday.
(express photo by tashi tobgyal)leaders from opposition parties, led by congress president rahul gandhi, on wednesday met president ram nath kovind to share their concerns over the supreme court judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
gandhi mentioned about the meeting on his twitter account, earlier.
in his tweet, he claimed that the apex courts ruling comes in the backdrop of growing atrocities against dalits and adivasis across india.
the supreme court ruling diluting provisions of arrest in the sc/st prevention of atrocities act comes in the backdrop of growing atrocities against dalits & adivasis across india.
leaders from opposition parties will meet president kovind this evening to share their concerns.
rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) march 28, 2018the supreme court ruling diluting provisions of arrest in the sc/st prevention of atrocities act comes in the backdrop of growing atrocities against dalits & adivasis across india.
leaders from opposition parties will meet president kovind this evening to share their concern, tweeted gandhi.
on march 20, the supreme court diluted stringent provisions mandating immediate arrest under the sc/st prevention of atrocities (poa) act.
it took note of the rampant misuse of the stringent act against government servants and held that a public servant can only be arrested after approval of the appointing authority.
earlier on wednesday, a delegation of ndas sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot, met prime minister narendra modi to discuss the supreme court judgement diluting provisions of the sc-st atrocities act.
it was a good and elaborate discussion with prime minister narendra modi on the supreme court judgement on the sc/st atrocities act.
modi-ji listened to us and heard our concerns, paswan told reporters after the meeting.
a non-public servant can be arrested after approval by the senior superintendent of police (ssp) which may be granted in appropriate cases if considered necessary for reasons recorded, the supreme court had said on march 20.
union social justice minister thawarchand gehlot recently wrote to law minister ravishankarprasad prasad about a review plea against the supreme court verdict.
he noted that there were concerns that the order would make the law ineffective and adversely impact the dispensation of justice to dalits and tribals.
b'cambridge analyticas office in central london.
(photo: reuters) cambridge analyticas office in central london.
(photo: reuters)at the centre of an international storm for manipulating elections, cambridge analytica (ca), on its website, mentions it has worked in india in the past.
the firms services were used in the bihar assembly elections in 2010 and the india partner of cas parent company allegedly worked with three political parties  bjp, congress and jd(u).
under case studies, the website states, ca was contracted to undertake an in-depth electorate analysis for the bihar assembly election in 2010.
the core challenge was to identify the floating/swing voters for each of the parties and to measure their levels of electoral apathy, a result of the poor and unchanging condition of the state after 15 years of incumbent rule.
read | uk firm that breached facebook data worked in india as well: reportin addition to the research phase, ca was tasked to organise the party base at the village level by creating a communication hierarchy to increase supporter motivation.
our client achieved a landslide victory, with over 90  of total seats targeted by ca being won, states the website.
though union it and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad quoted news reports that cambridge analytica may have been hired by the congress last year, the international data analytics firm has no mention of the congress party.
india partner of cambridge analyticas parent firm, strategic communications laboratories does mention three political parties it has worked for in the past.
ovleno business intelligence (obi), owned by amrish tyagi, son of senior jd(u) leader kc tyagi, lists bjp, congress and jd(u) as its clients on its website http://www.
ovleno.
in, which wednesday evening was taken down.
read | what is the cambridge analytica-facebook controversy all about?
amrish and suspended ceo of cambridge analytica, alexander nix are directors in a ghaziabad-based company named strategic communications laboratories private limited.
while he could not be reached for comment wednesday, amrish had spoken to the indian express on tuesday.
he had said that questions regarding channel 4 news investigations should be directed to cambridge analytica and did not comment on news reports, saying he has been on the move and has not had a chance to see the news.
amrish clarified that his organisation has never been involved in any work dubious work.
another director of obi, himanshu sharma on his linkedin profile had mentioned that obi had managed 4 election campaigns successfully for the ruling party bjp.
his profile also said that to achieve the target of bjps mission 272+, before the 2014 general elections, it handled a call centre management project  profiling of each and every volunteer/ supporter who had extended his/ her support to get involved in our mission 272+ just by giving missed call, sms, or whatsapp to our single nationwide toll free number.
read | facebooks zuckerberg breaks silence on cambridge analytica data scandal; admits mistakes, outlines fixesthe profile also managed the database to be provided constituency wise to bjp candidate as additional support for national elections and state elections of haryana, maharashtra, jharkhand and delhi.
this information was deleted from the linkedin profile by wednesday evening.
read | how huge facebook data trove was used in donald trump us election campaignon tuesday, tyagi had told the indian express that it had for bjp it had managed booth profiling for the uttar pradesh assembly elections in 2012.
for the same elections, he said his organisation had done an opinion poll for a news channel.
for congress, he added that he had done ground surveys for the youth congress elections in jharkhand in 2011 and 2012.
and for his fathers party, jd(u) tyagi said he had done some ground research in 2010.
there is no other item on the agenda of the collegium meeting, as per the notice issued by chief justice dipak misra late tuesday evening.
(file) there is no other item on the agenda of the collegium meeting, as per the notice issued by chief justice dipak misra late tuesday evening.
(file)in the latest round of the tussle between the supreme court and the government, the collegium, consisting of the five most senior judges of the apex court, is expected to reiterate wednesday afternoon the name of justice k m joseph, chief justice of uttarakhand high court.
his name was returned to the supreme court by the government last week after a delay of more than three months.
there is no other item on the agenda of the collegium meeting, as per the notice issued by chief justice dipak misra late tuesday evening.
that puts to rest all speculation that the collegium could recommend some other names, along with reiterating the name of justice k m joseph.
against a sanctioned strength of 31, there are currently only 25 judges appointed to the supreme court.
read | cji dipak misra should show statesmanship, says former cji rm lodhasources said the collegium meeting will be held at 4.
15 pm at the supreme court premises.
all the members of the collegium  cji misra and justices jasti chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan lokur and kurian joseph  are expected to attend the meeting which will discuss the controversial government order to segregate its two recommendations and return justice k m josephs name to the cji.
read | govt arguments against justice km joseph do not hold water, say criticslast thursday, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had written to cji misra returning justice josephs name, after the government had approved ms (now justice) indu malhotras name.
justice malhotra was sworn in as a judge of the apex court last friday.
in wednesdays meeting, the collegium is widely expected to strongly reiterate justice k m josephs name to the government.
a reiteration by the collegium would make it incumbent upon the government to issue a warrant for the appointment of justice joseph to the supreme court.
uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph.
(photo by neeraj priyadarshi) uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph.
(photo by neeraj priyadarshi)the same collegium under cji misra had unanimously recommended justice k m josephs name in january, stating that he is more deserving and suitable in all respects than other chief justices and senior puisne judges of high courts for being appointed as judges of the supreme court of india.
as per sources, there had been no material change of facts in the case, only expression of an opinion by the law minister to elicit a different response from the collegium now.
read | govt sits on proposals, history wont pardon us if we do not respond: justice kurian joseph to cji dipak misrasources also said that the collegium is likely to decide that no further names will be sent to the government unless justice josephs name is approved for appointment to the supreme court.
read | supreme court may send name of uttarakhand chief justice to govt again: justice kurian josephsources said at least six judges of the apex court had conveyed their concerns to the cji about the governments response to justice kurian josephs statement about the likely decision of the collegium.
these judges felt, sources said, that justice kurian joseph had not done anything improper to draw such a sharp rebuke from the government which itself has not been following any of the established norms in dealing with the judiciary.
read | collegium decision final, anything else malafide, says fali narimanas reported by the indian express on tuesday, a top government functionary expressed surprise that a possible decision on reiterating justice k m josephs name had already been taken before the collegium meeting.
his statement came a day after justice kurian joseph had told the indian express that the collegium might have to reiterate its recommendation furnishing facts and figures and citing precedent which have not been put in perspective by the government when it returned his name.
b'bjp today hit out at congress president sonia gandhi for defending prime minister manmohan singh on the coal blocks issue and demanded that the original cbi affidavit on the status report and emails reportedly sent to the agency by the pmo be made public.
hours after gandhi dismissed oppositions demand for singhs resignation,leader of opposition in rajya sabha arun jaitley said he was not surprised by her response.
he said gandhi may see singhs alleged role in the coal allocation case as a virtue but bjp feels this is nothing less than a scam.
jaitley sought to know what was the need for the law minister to call the cbi director,law officers and others to see the report and make changes in it.
deputy leader of bjp in the upper house ravishankarprasad prasad found the government contention that law minister ashwani kumar was only making grammatical corrections as surprising.
this is the first time that the cbi needed tutorship of the law minister.
bjp demands that the original affidavit of the status report and the report after grammatical corrections were made by the law minister as a tutor be made public.
these should also be submitted to the supreme court, prasad said.
jaitley maintained that what changes were made in the report is immaterial but this definitely shows government interference in the cbis functioning.
he demanded that the emails exchanged by the cbi and the pmo in regard to the coal scam issue be made public.
he maintained that the government will have to concede that emails were exchanged as technology will prove there was interference.
the prime minister should also introspect where he is leading the country, jaitley said.
fuel price: ongc supplies an estimated 20 per cent of the countrys total crude oil requirement to refining-cum-marketing companies ioc, hpcl and bpcl.
(express photo) fuel price: ongc supplies an estimated 20 per cent of the countrys total crude oil requirement to refining-cum-marketing companies ioc, hpcl and bpcl.
(express photo)wary of slipping on fiscal deficit targets, the finance ministry is reluctant to take a hit on excise duty levied on petrol and diesel.
so, as rising fuel prices set off a political firestorm, it is the petroleum ministry which has stepped in.
sources have told the indian express that it is working on getting oil & natural gas corporation (ongc) to take the burden.
the ministry plans to direct ongc to sell its crude oil at below ruling international prices by capping the price at, say, $70 for the entire fiscal year.
oil india ltd (the other national oil producer) will not be a part of this scheme, a government official said.
ongc supplies an estimated 20 per cent of the countrys total crude oil requirement to refining-cum-marketing companies ioc, hpcl and bpcl.
the official said the exact price cap hasnt been determined as ongc has asked for a higher price to fund its capital expenditures for the next two years.
incidentally, ongc and oil last contributed to fuel subsidies in june 2015 with contributions of over 40 per cent of the annual subsidy bill.
read | fuel price hike: any cut will be at the cost of welfare schemes, says nitin gadkarithe official said that ongcs contribution could pare the required price increase in petrol and diesel by one-third with an additional marginal relief provided by reducing the dealers commission by 18 paise per litre on diesel and 23 paise per litre on petrol.
ongcs burden sharing, to be implemented through a mechanism which is still in works, would provide close to rs 30,000 crore for this exercise, he said.
this is equivalent to a rs 2-per litre cut in excise duty on both petrol and diesel.
the idea has been accepted in principle but the methodology and the numbers are to be worked out, he said.
even after discount, ongcs net realised price on crude oil would be higher than $56 which it earned per barrel in fiscal 2017-2018.
at present, the government subsidy is limited to cooking gas, lpg and kerosene with transport fuels petrol and diesel out of its ambit.
the burden sharing, said the official, was being considered as the long-term solution to address the volatility and frequent revisions in rates which union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad announced on wednesday.
read | opposition likely to corner modi government over fuel price hikethe government is keen that instead of having an ad hoc measure, it may be desirable to have a long-term view which addresses not only volatility but also takes care of the unnecessary ambiguity arising out of frequent ups and downs.
that process is underway, prasad had said.
the bjp-led government had in june last year junked a 15-year old practice of revising rates every fortnight and introduced daily revisions which worked well except during periods immediately preceding an election.
there was a 19-day freeze in revising rates before karnataka went to polls, and since the time the hiatus ended on may 14, rates have gone up by rs 2.
54 a litre in case of petrol and rs 2.
41 in diesel.
petrol costs rs 77.
17 per litre in delhi while diesel sells for rs 68.
34.
the 10-day relentless price increases are building pressure on the government to cut excise duty to give immediate relief to consumers but after a meeting of the union cabinet headed by prime minister narendra modi, prasad offered little indication if a reduction in tax was coming.
on excise duty, prasad said the proceeds from such taxes were used for building highways, digital infrastructure, supplying electricity to villages, for hospitals and education.
so tax on fuel is linked with developmental issues.
we understand that there is a compelling need for a long-term solution, structured solution, he said.
the government raised excise duty nine times between november 2014 and january 2016 to shore up finances as global oil prices fell, but then cut the tax just once in october last year by rs 2 a litre.
the centre levies rs 19.
48 as excise duty on a litre of petrol and rs 15.
33 on diesel.
state sales tax or vat varies from state to state.
unlike excise duty, vat is ad valorem and results in higher revenues for the state when rates move up.
the income tax department is looking into benami land deals worth rs 1,000 crore involving rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
the income tax department is looking into benami land deals worth rs 1,000 crore involving rjd chief lalu prasad yadav.
the income-tax department are looking into benami land deals worth rs 1,000 crore allegedly involving rjd chief and former bihar chief minister lalu prasad yadav.
the agency on tuesday conducted raids and surveys at 22 locations in delhi, gurgaon and rewari.
raids were conducted early today morning on the premises owned by several prominent businessmen and real estate agents.
i-t sleuths have also raided the premises of the son of rjd mp p c gupta and few other businessmen.
while raids are being conducted at a dozen locations, ten other official premises are being surveyed by the i-t department, officials told news agency pti.
people and businessmen connected to the land deal involving lalu prasad and his family are being searched.
there are allegations of benami deals worth about rs 1,000 crore and subsequent tax evasion, a senior official said.
a team of about 100 tax department officials and police personnel are conducting the raids, they said.
this comes just days after the bharatiya janata party accused lalu prasad and his children  tejashwi yadav, tej pratap yadav and misa bharti  of being involved in corrupt land deals.
on may 12, addressing a press conference at the party headquartes, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad demanded the central government to probe the alleged land deals.
he alleged that lalus daughter misa bharti, a rajya sabha mp, failed to disclosed these assets in her election affidavit and demanded the election commission to take action against her.
the union minister said the land deals dated back to the time when lalu prasad was the union railway minister in the upa government.
he also wondered whether bihar chief minister nitish kumar would invoke the special law enacted by his goverment in which assets acquired through illicit means are confiscated.
in his reponse nitish said that the bjp should move to court and substantiate their allegations with proof.
this is not an issue that falls in the domain of the state government nor in the company law of bihar.
if the bjp has documents, then it should take legal recourse to prove their accusations, nitish said.
lalus rjd is a constituent of bihars ruling coalition led by kumar.
his sons tejashwi yadav and tej pratap yadav are ministers in the government.
b'ministers take charge of their new positions on wednesday after the bjp lead nda government reshuffled on tuesday.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi) ministers take charge of their new positions on wednesday after the bjp lead nda government reshuffled on tuesday.
(source: twitter/@narendramodi)several ministers including smriti irani, who was shunted out from hrd to textiles ministry, on wednesday took charge of their new ministries and promised to work for development, streamlining justice delivery system, early passage of gst bill and ensuring speedy implementation of projects.
apart from smriti, ravishankarprasad prasad and ananth kumar took over as law and parliamentary affairs ministers respectively.
prakash javedekar, the lone promotee who was given hrd ministry in the reshuffle of the council of ministers by prime minister narendra modi on tuesday, is scheduled to take up his new position on thursday.
talking to reporters in new delhi, he asserted that dialogue is the key to avoid agitations and that education is not a subject for party politics.
watch video: whats making newsi am a product of student agitation, so we will always talk with everybody.
so with dialogues in place, there will be no necessity of agitation, javadekar said.
putting up a brave face, irani, whose shifting is being seen as demotion, played down her portfolio change with a popular line of a hindi movie song, kuch toh log kahenge, logon ka kaam hai kehna.
i am happy that i have been given an opportunity especially when a special package (of rs 6,000 crore for the apparel segment) has been announced for the sector.
this signifies that my party and especially the prime minister has faith that i have the capacity to implement the roadmap that was projected through the cabinet for the rest of the country, irani said.
taking up his new assignment, prasad emphasised that he will strive to find a common ground between the government and the judiciary on the issue of appointment of judges to the supreme court and high courts.
the remarks assume significance in the backdrop of government making efforts to iron out differences with the supreme court collegium on the memorandum of procedure (mop)  a document which guides the appointment of judges to the higher judiciary.
we will be consulting, we will be meeting in an effort to find a common ground on the issue of judicial appointments there is need to work in harmonywe respect the independence of the judiciary, he told reporters here.
other ministers included m j akbar, anil madhav dave and santosh gangwar, rajen gohain who assumed office as ministers of state for external affairs, environment, finance and railways respectively.
prasad was replying to a question at the mindmine summit organised by the hero group.
prasad was replying to a question at the mindmine summit organised by the hero group.
saying that he clearly acknowledged that muslims dont vote for the bjp, union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad said here on friday that this didnt mean that the government victimised them.
we dont get muslim votes, i acknowledge very clearly.
but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
he asked.
prasad was replying to a question at the mindmine summit organised by the hero group.
in an interactive session compered by sunil kant munjal, joint managing director of hero motocorp, prasad was asked how would the government ensure that its tent was big enough to accommodate indias multi-cultural society.
prasad said, we salute the diversity of india.
there are two ways of looking at it and let me be very frank today.
there has been a campaign against us for a long time.
but today we are here because of the blessings of the people of india.
we are ruling 15 states on our own.
we have got 13 chief ministers.
we are ruling the country.
have we victimised any muslim gentleman working in industry or in service?
have we dismissed them?
we dont get muslim votes, i acknowledge very clearly.
but have we given them proper sanctity or not?
to buttress his point, the minister cited the example of padma shri recipient anwar-ul-haq, a jalpaiguri tea garden labourer who ferries sick people on his bike to hospitals.
through this example i would like everyone to know how we govern india.
pm was very cagey about padma awards.
your friends in lutyens delhi were the biggest beneficiaries of that.
he decides i have to change it.
there is this man named anwar-ul-haq.
he is a majdoor in a tea garden in jalpaiguri.
his mother passed away because he could not get her medical aide.
now he has made his motorcycle an ambulance.
he has saved 2000 lives.
one day pmo rang him up and told him that the pm will speak to you.
and pm said i am going to give you padma shree.
you are really doing a great job.
we never saw the religion of anwar-ul-haq or whether he has voted for us or not.
and if there are certain uncalled for, irresponsible voices, the prime minister expresses a concern.
the cms express concern.
yogi (adityanath) is a popular leader.
you are seeing his instances of good governance and inclusive development.
prasad also took a dig at journalists and the left and referred to jnu as their last bastion.
we have a problem with some of our friends.
mostly, the leftist friends and the journalists who entertain a pathological hatred against narendra modi.
good luck to them.
the left is left out all over the world.
they are left out in bengal, are surviving in kerala and tripura, but the left has got a very good campus in delhi, which is the jnu (jawaharlal nehru university) and i always say the left also needs some consolation prize.
so jnu is their consolation prize, we dont mind that, prasad said.
earlier, while talking about the governments efforts to propel growth, prasad said that india was going through a phase of politics of aspiration and the government was trying to increase the size of the cake.
growth can happen without equity but equity cannot happen without growth.
you need to enlarge the cake to distribute it well, prasad said.
people can unseat anyonethis brings about a different kind of humility among those in politics.
learn to perform or people will show you the door.
prasad also said that those who were having a problem with aadhar on issues of privacy actually had a problem with narendra modi.
poor people are happy with aadhar, he said.
b'r ashwin becomes the fastest bowler to clinch 220 test wickets in 39 test matches.
(source: reuters) r ashwin becomes the fastest bowler to clinch 220 test wickets in 39 test matches.
(source: reuters)india beat new zealand by 321 runs in the third and the final test to complete a 3-0 whitewash in the series in indore on tuesday.
virat kohli-led side registered their second highest test win as spinner ravichandran ashwin clinched seven wickets while ravindra jadeja dismissed opener martin guptill and james neesham.
watch | bcci vs lodha: supreme court dismisses cricket boards review petitionearlier, to start the days proceedings, gautam gambhir, who made his comeback, scored his 22nd half-century, while cheteshwar pujara had his moments as he scored his eighth test ton and surpassed 350 runs in the series during his knock.
gambhir struck six fours while pujara managed to hit nine fours in his innings of 101.
the hosts declared their second innings on 216 for three.
new zealand, who had more than a day left with them, lost wickets in quick successions.
ross taylor (32), martin guptill (29) and skipper kane williamson (27) made starts but could not build substantial partnerships to take the match into the final day.
watch video: want to become a member of a cricket association?
become a geek first!
congrats team india on a emphatic win and 3-0 whitewash #indvsnz @bcci  vvs laxman (@vvslaxman281) 11 october 2016well fought series but eventually india knocked the fight out of nz.
dominance.
best in test.
well done, india  #indvsnz  aakash chopra (@cricketaakash) 11 october 2016india were favourites and theyve played like favourites.
england will be tougher.
harsha bhogle (@bhogleharsha) 11 october 2016congratulations to the indian cricket team for winning the test series 3-0 by beating new zealand by 321 runs in indore.
ravi shankar prasad (@rsprasad) 11 october 2016congratulations to team india & captain virat kohli for defeating new zealand by 321 runs .
ram vilas paswan (@irvpaswan) 11 october 2016since the birth of his daughter in july 2015 @ashwinravi99 has 96 wickets @ 16.
b'whistleblower christopher testifies in the uk house of commons on tuesday.
(ap photo/file) whistleblower christopher testifies in the uk house of commons on tuesday.
(ap photo/file)escalating the row over alleged harvesting of facebook profiles to influence elections, a former employee of data analytics firm cambridge analytica turned whistleblower told a british parliamentary panel tuesday that he believed the congress party was a client of the firm, and he was aware that the firm, with many employees and offices, had worked extensively in india.
in his testimony to the british parliaments digital, culture, media and sports committee, christopher wylie, on being asked about cambridge analyticas work in india, said: i believe their client was congress.
but i know that they have done all kinds of projects.
i dont remember a national project, but i know regionally.
i mean india is so big that you know that one state can be, you know, as big as britain.
but they do have offices there, they do have staff there.
i believe i have some documentation on india, which i can also provide to the committee if thats something of interest.
pti adds from london: during his evidence, wylie also said that his predecessor, dan muresan, head of elections at scl group, had also been working in india before he died in kenya under mysterious circumstances.
he claimed to have heard stories that muresan, a romanian national, may have been poisoned in a hotel room while in the african country.
opinion | what cambridge analytica does is the norm, not an aberrationpaul-olivier dehaye, co-founder of personaldata.
io, a service that helps individuals regain control over their personal data, also giving evidence to the committee, added that he had heard reports that muresan was being paid by an indian billionaire who wanted congress to lose elections.
so he was pretending to work for one party but actually paid underhand by someone else, said dehaye.
he added that it would be for indian and kenyan journalists to get together to investigate the matter further.
)read: cambridge analytica controversy rocks indian politics: who said whatwylies remarks had the bjp and the government attacking the congress.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the congress had lied and must apologise.
the whistleblower has publicly confirmed that the congress was indeed their client.
rahul gandhi had been trying to divert attention.
today, he stands exposed.
the congress and rahul gandhi must apologise to the nation, prasad told reporters.
last week too, prasad had accused the congress of using cambridge analytica, why is the congress in love with such firms?
whether to win elections, congress will depend on data manipulation and theft of data?
what is the role of cambridge analytica in the social media profile of rahul gandhi, he had asked.
but divya spandana, who heads social media and digital communications for the congress, called wylies statement an absolute lie.
express explained: how data can be used to acquire votersshe said the congress had never engaged cambridge analytica, neither for the 2014 general elections, nor for the upcoming 2019 elections.
she said she had spoken to rahul gandhi, and the congress had never used the data analytics firm.
she said congress is not even engaging them for 2019 because the proposal would have come to me.
and it hasnt.
she also said that gandhi had never met or engaged with anyone from cambridge analytica.
the party has neither reached out to the firm nor signed any contract.
it is possible that they could have sent proposal, spandana said.
congress communications in-charge randeep singh surjewala, tweeting on the claim that an indian billionaire may have hired cambridge analytica to work against congress, sought to know who had conspired against the congress.
it was obvious, he said, that it was the bjps doing.
read | data breach: bjp, congress, jd(u) on client list of parent firms india partnercambridge analyticas parent company, strategic communication laboratories, has an indian partner named ovleno business intelligence (obi).
on its website, the obi counted bjp, congress and janata dal (united) among its clients  it was taken down last week.
incidentally, obi is owned by amrish tyagi, son of senior jd(u) leader k c tyagi.
amrish is a director in ghaziabad-based strategic communication laboratories private limited, which also has alexander nix as its director.
nix was chief executive of cambridge analytica whose executives were secretly recorded by undercover journalists of channel 4 news, bragging about their election-influencing methods, including bribery and honey traps, against their clients opponents.
india was one of the countries that had been named.
b'bharat bandh: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the centre and bjp governments across states are working for the upliftment of the backward community.
(file) bharat bandh: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the centre and bjp governments across states are working for the upliftment of the backward community.
(file)the centre on monday filed a review petition in the supreme court against its verdict that laid down stringent safeguards before registering a case under the act.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government will argue the matter with full authority in the top court and appeal for reconsideration.
today, we have filed a review petition in the supreme court.
on behalf of the ministry of social justice and empowerment, every comprehensive review has been filed and the government, with due respect, does not agree with the reasoning given by the top court, the minister told reporters.
bharat bandh live updateshe added, surely senior lawyers of the government in the apex court will argue this matter with all their legal preparations and authority that this judgment needs to be reconsidered.
while stating that the government and bjp were committed to the welfare of the scs and sts, the minister said, it is also important to note that the government was not a party in the proceedings at all.
the union minister also claimed that the centre and bjp governments across states were working for the upliftment of the backward community.
the ministry of social justice and empowerment under thawarchand gehlot has taken a lot of initiatives for their welfare.
a very respected dalit leader was made president of india by the bjp-led government.
this is our commitment to the dalits, he said.
read | bharat bandh: sc refuses urgent hearing on plea seeking review of sc/st act verdictslamming the congress and opposition parties for politicising the issue, prasad said, some people did politics in the name of baba saheb bhim rao ambedkar but the country knows who gave real respect to dr ambedkar.
today, the congress is shouting.
i want to ask them when was ambedkar given the bharat ratna.
he added, we wish to emphatically say that the provision of reservation for the dalits in the said act is firm and will remain firm.
the modi government has no idea at all of tampering with it, which the congress is seeking to campaign in the most vicious manner.
the top court had ruled that the arrest of an accused under the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act is not mandatory and a recourse to coercive action would be taken only after preliminary inquiry and sanction by competent authority.
read | bharat bandh: mayawati condemns violence, slams centre over delay in filing review petition against sc/st rulingseveral dalit organisations called for a bharat bandh on monday to protest the top courts ruling.
however, the bandh turned violent when protesters began pelting stones and damaging properties across various states.
the protestors in the morning blocked several trains in bihar and jharkhand, affecting railway services.
two persons have been reported to be killed in the violence till now.
in view of the protest, the cbse has postponed all class 12 and 10 exams scheduled for monday in punjab.
exams will be held as scheduled in chandigarh and in the rest of the country.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(source: pti) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(source: pti)the government would appoint facilitation officers in 200 districts of the country where cases older than 10 years are pending in court, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said today.
these officers would help the poor people coordinate with the government and the courts and work towards getting their cases heard in fast-track courts, he said.
addressing a function to mark 150 years of the allahabad high court, prasad said there are around 2.
5 lakh common service centres (cscs) in the country which are run by women and youth where pan cards, aadhaar cards are made and other digital services are provided.
we will train people and attach them with csc.
there are poor people who need justice and they should get proper legal advice before the hearing of a case.
we are working towards that and begin with 200 common service centres in bihar and uttar pradesh as pilot projects, he said.
the minister said in the phase-ii of e-computing, the district law service authorities would be computerised.
prasad exhorted those involved in the legal profession to help the government in achieving its objectives by devoting their time and energy in cases that may be pro bono and may not bring publicity.
we will soon launch a web portal and request registered lawyers, who want to work for those in need of justice, to volunteer in the project.
working with nalsar (a hyderbad-based premier law university), we will create a database of the people who are in need of justice.
and, i am happy to inform you all that undp has accepted to work as interface between those seeking justice and those providing legal help, prasad said.
there are nearly 5,000 vacancies in the subordinate judiciary.
there are as many as 2.
7 crore cases pending in subordinate courts, and 38.
7 lakh cases pending in the high courts.
while the appointments in the higher judiciary have been delayed over the tussle between the centre and the supreme court collegium over memorandum of procedure, the centre has often faulted the judiciary over the vacancies in lower courts.
bjp president amit shah.
(bjp twitter) bjp president amit shah.
(bjp twitter)ridiculing the congresss save constitution campaign, bjp president amit shah hit out at the main opposition party for launching an impeachment bid against the chief justice of india, describing it as part of a larger trend to demonise and weaken every institution that seeks to maintain its individual identity and not kowtow to the dynasty.
within an hour of rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu rejecting the impeachment bid, shah took to facebook and alleged that the congress had taken the only path it knows very well  of spreading hate and divisions in our society.
shahs remarks were echoed by other party leaders including law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and spokespersons meenakshi lekhi and sambit patra.
the shiv sena and the jd(u), too, criticised the opposition for its impeachment bid.
in his post, shah took on congress chief rahul gandhi who had attacked prime minister narendra modi during a public address earlier.
it is becoming increasingly clear that their modi hatred is fast turning into india hatred.
blinded by disdain for the prime minister, they are using the choicest of words and phrases to show india in bad light, he wrote.
in an apparent reference to last weeks supreme court judgment rejecting pleas seeking a probe into the death of cbi judge b h loya, shah said everyone knows the reasons behind the impeachment move.
loya was hearing the the sohrabuddin shaikh fake encounter case in which shah had been discharged.
the judiciary, which is an institution that is trusted by 125 crore indians, has invited the wrath of congress and the nehru-gandhi dynasty in particular, wrote shah.
union law minister prasad accused the congress of trying to run the country through the corridors of court based upon false, half-baked and a sponsored litigation.
in fact, this (impeachment attempt) is directly proportionate to repeated reversals they have suffered from people of india.
under the patronage of the congress party even the unfortunate death of a judicial officer nearly four years ago was made into a petition tool for settling political scores inside and outside court, he said.
bjp spokesperson lekhi welcomed nadus decision and said the rajya sabha chairman had applied his mind and gave a detailed order.
senior government officials said the four senior supreme court judges, who had gone public against the functioning of the cji in an unprecedented press conference in january, should stay out of the issue.
if perceived personal interest is the reason being cited for cji not hearing the petition that congress members seek to file against the rajya sabha chairmans dismissal of their impeachment notice, the same logic should ideally apply to the other four most senior judges for the simple reason that there is reference to the issues raised by them in a press conference, said a senior official.
the view within the government is that the cji remains the master of the roster and should discharge his duty in assigning an appropriate bench if the congress appeals against naidus order.
however, they hoped the cji would not list it before his own bench.
terming the congress constitution campaign as ironical and comical, shah alleged that there is one political party that has trampled over the constitution in letter and spirit, time and again, it is the congress party.
he said the congress had attacked the army repeatedly, targetted the chief of army staff and dragged the armed forces into a political slugfest during the upa regime.
shah said the congress had also launched a tirade against the comptroller and auditor general (cag) when the country was witnessing a grand awakening against the corruption of its government, and has now trained its guns on the election commission by questioning the sanctity of the polling process after facing repeated defeats.
time changes, the context changes but the means as well as the ends remain the same  discredit any institution that comes in the way of furthering the rule of the dynasty, the bjp president alleged.
shah recalled the dismissal of several opposition-ruled state governments by different congress governments at the centre, including those headed by former prime ministers jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi and rajiv gandhi.
at a time when the opposition is targeting the bjp over its alleged anti-dalit decisions and the increasing incidents of violence against dalits, the bjp chief accused rahul gandhi of humiliating dalit icon bhimrao ambedkar with his claim that the congress made the constitution.
it is well known how pandit nehru personally ensured the defeat of dr ambedkar in not one but two elections, shah said.
it is also no coincidence that in 1997, the year sonia gandhi took the primary membership of the congress, the third front government backed by it took away promotional benefits of sc/st employees, he said, adding that it was the subsequent a b vajpayee government that amended the constitution to ensure justice.
the shiv sena, meanwhile, made a strong pitch for maintaining the independence and dignity of the judiciary.
as it is, our party has not played any role in the impeachment issue.
however, we believe that the dignity of the judiciary must be respected and protected, said the senas parliamentary party leader sanjay raut.
jd (u) secretary-general kc tyagi criticised the congress for using the constituional provision for an impeachment for the character assassination of the cji.
the manner in which kapil sibal of the congress has publicly attacked the cji by giving the impeachment notice advance publicity is unprecedented, he said.
describing the congress decision to observe a constitution day as amusing, tyagi reminded people that the same party had trampled upon the constitution in 1977, jailed its political opponents and finished the fundamental rights of citizens.
it had no moral right to talk of protecting the constitution, he said.
hitting back at the congress for its criticism of prime minister narendra modi over the pulwama attack, the bjp accused the opposition party of showing its true colours after maintaining the facade of standing with the government and the armed forces for five days.
advertisingthe ruling party also alleged that the contents of the congresss latest salvo bore a striking resemblance to that of pakistani prime minister imran khans speech two days ago.
after maintaining a facade of standing with the government and the armed forces for the last five days, the true colours of the congress party have come out.
when the whole country is one, when the morale of the armed forces is sky high, and country after country pass resolutions condemning pulwama, standing firmly with the government of india that criticial moment, congress partys true colours have come out seeking to weaken the morale of the country, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters.
watch | how india is responding to pulwama terror attackaddressing a public rally in andhra pradesh, bjp president amit shah slammed the congress for its attack on modi.
the congress has no moral right to question the bjp on patriotism.
congress has used this attack for their political interests.
they created an issue of prime minister modis presence at a programme on the day of the attack.
they should know that pm modi works for 18 hours in a day for the nation, shah said.
advertisingin delhi, prasad said the bjp did not expect more from a party that had sought proof for the surgical strikes conducted in 2016 but did not ask for any evidence when electronic voting machines were questioned at a press conference in london.
read: why imran khans words ring hollow: pakistan sitting on jaish dossiersresponding to criticism that modi was participating in a film shoot after the pulwama attack, the union minister said the prime minister had gone to the ramnagar forest for an official programme related to tiger conservation.
i dont know if the congress party had known about the pulwama attack.
we did not know.
if the intelligence of the congress is so good, its good for them.
the weather was bad that day.
the pm had his meeting there itself and later he was driven down far away to catch the flight, the minister said.
referring to criticism over the prime minister attending a rally in jhansi, prasad said there was a difference between the thought process of the congress and the bjp.
there is sorrow in the country but the country has to function, we cannot succumb to terrorism all party programmes were cancelled but the terrorists should not feel that the country has ceased to function, prasad said.
explained: pakistan pm imran khans pulwama terror attack statement is an echo of its armys line on terrorcomparing the congress charges to imran khans statements, prasad alleged: their style may be different but the content of what the prime minister of pakistan spoke and what the congress party spoke today bears a striking resemblance.
pakistan must be happy today after listening to congress remarks.
asked about the attacks on kashmiris in various parts of india, prasad said: what is important is action.
wherever it has happened, action has been taken.
we have said several times that kashmir is an integral part of india.
the problem is that some people only want answers from the prime minister without doing their responsibility.
b'union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey/files union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
express photo by prem nath pandey/filesthe bjp, union ministers and chief ministers of bjp-ruled states welcomed the supreme court verdict dismissing pleas to probe the death of judge b h loya.
the party alleged that the case was an attempt to damage the interests of the bjp in general and its national president amit shah in particular.
law minister minister ravishankarprasad prasad told the media at the party headquarters, it was not a case activated by public interest, (but was) basically driven to promote congress interest to damage the interests of the bjp in general and its national president amit shah in particular.
this was a case brought to put a blot on our national president.
can anything be more irresponsible than saying that the sc is under the influence of our party president?
prasad asked.
prasad trained the guns at congress and its president rahul gandhi, who, he said, led the tirade against bjp and shah over the loya death issue.
the biggest tragedy of this proceeding is that to settle political score even the judicial authorities and judges have been sought to be scandalised and that they will go to the extent of alleging in fact, the whole conduct amounted to serious compromise on the independence of judiciary, prasad said.
also read | congress: if bjp believes judge loyas death was natural, why fear probe?
prasad also highlighted the apex courts observation on an argument by lawyer dushyant dave.
dave, one of the petitioners seeking an independent probe, had said that since two judges of high court  justice bhushan gavai and justice s b shukre  had given an interview to the indian express in which they said justice loyas death was due to natural causes, their statements could not be regarded as independent.
prasad pointed out that the court rejected daves argument because the statements were published on november 27, 2017 whereas the statements from the judges were received on november 23 and 24.
there were wrong statements to defame the judicial officers.
the article was published four days after they gave their statements to the court, he said.
home minister rajnath singh pointed out that the supreme court had cautioned against the misuse of courts in political tug-of-war.
in a series of tweets, he said, the sc verdict gives a clear message that the judiciary cannot be misled by allegations based on political vendettait is extremely unfortunate that there have been several attempts of targeting the bjp and assassinating the character of its top leaders on the basis of fake facts.
these attempts have failed miserably once again.
maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis said, there was an attempt to create suspicion over the accidental death of justice loya after three years.
in a way, behind this, there was an attempt to attack bjp president amit shah.
today, the congress, communists and media houses have been exposedjharkhand cm raghubar das said the supreme court verdict was a slap on the face of congress.
satyamevjayate!
the welcome judgement by the honourable supreme court in #judgeloya case is a tight slap to those people who were exploiting the natural death of the judge and playing petty politics for their narrow vested interests, chhattisgarh cm raman singh said.
earlier in the day, bjp spokesperson sambit patra alleged that the invisible hand behind the petitions seeking probe belonged to rahul gandhi and alleged that the congress president tried to use the judiciary for character assassination of amit shah.
training its guns on prime minister manmohan singh on the bofors pay offs scandal,bjp today demanded that he apologise for defending italian businessman ottavio quattrochi.
mr pm,you tried to give a clean chit to quattrocchi,bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters here adding this has been found to be false by an income tax tribunal which said that kickbacks of rs.41 crore were paid to quattrocchi and win chaddha in the controversial howitzer gun deal.
the principal opposition used singhs recent statement that ceasars wife should be above suspicion to attack him for defending quattrochi.
his comment exonerating quattrochi having been found to be false by a competent tribunal.
would the prime minister now stand up to his own benchmark and apologise to the nation ?
prasad asked.
prasad referred to singhs remarks that it is not a good reflection on the indian legal system that we harass people and that quattrocchi case is an embarrassment for the government of india.
taking on the prime minister,prasad alleged that the congress-led government believes in first messing up the entire investigation and then say there is no case.
bjp claimed that quattrochi is very close to the gandhi family and posed some questions to singh and congress president sonia gandhi.
when upa came to power the then additional solicitor general b dutta went to london in january 2006 and falsely represented before the authorities that no case is pending against quattrocchi and the account be de-freezed.
it was done accordingly and huge amount of taxpayers money was withdrawn.
under whose pressure this was done?
prasad said.
he alleged that collusive legal advise for this was given under the supervision of then law minister hansraj bhardwaj.
every effort was made by the congress to scuttle the investigations and save quattrrochi,he said.
a big powerful hidden hand was always available to bail quattrochi out, prasad said,in an apparent reference to the gandhi family.
the attorney general,again gave a collusive advise that because delhi high court order has become final therefore there is no point in continuing the red corner notice against quattrocchi, he said.
prasad charged that this advice was given under pressure from the gandhi family.
all this clearly shows that the entire machinery of the government was trying to help him and bail him out at different stages.
all this because he enjoyed high patronage owing to his proximity to the gandhi family, he said.
bjp insisted that in view of the tribunals decision that quattrochi and ae services owner win chaddha had received kickbacks in the bofors gun deal and evaded taxes on these pay-offs,the case should be re-opened and the matter be investigated by a special investigation team.
the prime minister and sonia gandhi both owe an explanation to the nation as to why this was allowed to happen?
prasad said.
b'express photo by pradeep kumar.
express photo by pradeep kumar.
the congress on tuesday accused the bjp-led government of misleading the nation by stating that it was not a party to the march 20 judgment of the supreme court that laid down stringent guidelines for registering a case under the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act.
the opposition party said the government was a willing party to the alleged dilution of the act.
senior congress leader anand sharma told mediapersons that law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has made a factually incorrect statement.
he should withdraw the statement and apologise for making a wrong statement.
it is a matter of concern that the law minister of india is.
ignorant of the developments that took place in the supreme court.
he said.
the law minister, he said, was wrong in saying that the government was not a party.
they were very much a party.
the government was represented.
the government did not argue the case.
the government opened the window for anticipatory bail.
the government endorsed by default, by not telling the court that it cannot dilute the law, it cannot re-interpret the law, it cannot change the law.
the government is a willing party to what has happened.
prime minister narendra modi and his government have mastered the art of doublespeak.
they have double standards on this issue, like on many issues, he said.
congress communication department head randeep surjewala said the supreme court had while issuing a notice to maharashtra government on november 20, 2017 issued a notice to union government too.
he said the november 20, 2017 order had said issue notice to attorney general of india also as the issue involves interpretation of a central statute.
but the modi government did not send the attorney general to the court.
the solicitor general was also not sent.
they, in turn, sent an additional solicitor general.
and he appeared on january 31, 2018 and sought time.
and finally instead of protecting the act, the centre told the court that anticipatory bail can be given if prime facie a case is not made out, surjewala said.
he said the centre had also filed an affidavit in the court and the supreme court in its judgment had taken note of that.
the supreme court judgement, he said, had spoken about a question in parliament on what punishment should be given against false cases and recorded a press statement dated march 19, 2015 issued by the central government to the effect that in case of false cases, relevant section of ipc can be invoked.
was the government arguing for scrapping the sc/st (prevention of atrocities act) or protecting itthe truth is that the mindset of the bjp and the rss is anti-dalit, he said.
a day after the narendra modi government in gujarat countered the cags opinion about the child malnutrition rate in the state,bjp on sunday hit out at congress for allegedly indulging in falsehood over the issue.
every third child in gujarat is underweight: cagsenior party leader ravishankarprasad prasad said that the malnutrition rate has come down from 74 per cent to 25 per cent at present in gujarat,an exemplary record when compared with the situation in congress-ruled states.
related: gujarat govt counters cag report on malnutritiongujarats record is exemplary,outstanding,inclusive and the so called equity conscious government of (prime minister) manmohan singh and (congress president) sonia gandhi,the record of congress governments (in the states) is distressing and totally unsatisfactory, he told reporters here.
to buttress his point,prasad cited the malnutrition rate in bjp-ruled states and said that the reduction rate in the congress-ruled ones were negligible in comparison.
in case of madhya pradesh,he said the malnutrition rate had come down from 49 per cent in 2006-07 to only 27 per cent in 2012-13.
likewise,in chhattisgarh it had come down from 42 per cent to less than 37 per cent.
but all the congress governments,except maharashtra,have shown very negligible growth rate, he said referring to the cag report of 2012-13.
in congress-ruled andhra pradesh,the malnutrition rate had come down by only 5 per cent,from 53 per cent in 2006-07 to only 48 per cent in 2012-13,whereas in haryana,the slide was from 45 to 42 per cent.
making a mention of the delhi government as well,he said that the malnutrition rate here had come down from 54.
28 per cent to about 49.
87 per cent.
these statistics speak for themselves,my friends from congress should stop indulging in falsehood, he said.
the modi government had on saturday countered the cags opinion that 66 per cent of the children in the state are underweight,claiming that the rate had declined to less than 26 per cent in 2013 due to various steps taken by it.
as a result of various nutrition interventions undertaken by gujarat government,the percentage of underweight children decreased from 73.
04 per cent in march,2007,to 25.
09 per cent in march,2013, officials from the state government had said in a statement.
the maharashtra government has decided to prepare nearly 14,000 gram panchayats for cashless transactions, complete with pos machines and bhim-aadhaar apps, by may 2017.
chief minister devendra fadnavis has assured the centre that the state would strive to go digital across its 29,000 gram panchayats, which comprise 40,913 villages, in two phases along with the bhim-aadhaar platform by 2018.
of the total 29,000 gram panchayats across maharashtra, directives to equip 14,000 gram panchayats for digital and cashless transformation have been conveyed to the states information and technology department, which is working along with maharashtra governments urban development and finance ministries.
during a meeting on monday, officers of the concerned departments were asked to take digital india programme and bhim aadhaar app to villages on high priority.
cm fadnavis also recently discussed the matter with union minister for information technology ravishankarprasad prasad and told him about his governments 2018 target.
highly placed sources told the indian express that, along with the digital transformation across 29,000 gram panchayats in partnership of microsoft, it (government) intends to promote the bhim-aadhaar app through gram panchayatsin the first pilot project, 776 gram panchayats have been covered to make nagpur the first digital smart district of maharashtra and country in 2016.
in a pilot project launched two years ago in partnership with mircrosoft, the state had succeeded in bringing digital connectivity to 350 villages using the white space technology support provided by the us company.
the internet penetration in state is very satisfactory with 4.
72 crore subscribers which is highest in india, officials said.
the total population of state is 11.
40 crore.
statistics show that maharashtra would account for almost 20 per cent of digital programmes with 29,000 gram panchayats of the total 1,50,000 across india by year 2018.
through bharatnet, laying of optic fibre for hi-speed internet connectivity is expected to be done in the next one year.
at present 1,55,000 km optical fibre has been laid and it reaches 75,700 gram panchayats across country.
the state intends to use digital transformation to enhance the e-health and e-education services in rural maharashtra.
the government also plans to extend digital services in agriculture sector to help farmers.
ravi shankar prasad (express photo) ravishankarprasad prasad (express photo)india and portugal stressed the need to further explore opportunities to strengthen ties in the field of information and communication technology, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on monday.
to fast-track the collaboration, the government is also looking to set up a working group to enhance the scope for furthering ties, which will be a follow-up of a bilateral agreement between between both the countries.
watch what else is in the newsfrom cyber security to digital delivery to financial inclusion, there is a great scope of working between portugal and india.
we are very soon going to start working group between portugal and india, prasad said after meeting maria manuel leitao marques, portugals minister of presidency and administrative modernisation.
prasad said the working group is follow-up of bilateral agreement signed between prime minister narendra modi and his portuguese counterpart antonio costa.
portugal and india have got very close relationship, extending for more than 500 years.
it is a matter of great moment that present prime minister of portugal also has great indian roots, prasad said.
during the meeting, both prasad and marques discussed possible areas of mutual cooperation for both the governments in the filed of information and communication technology.
india also agreed to support portugal with capacity building to scale up mechanisms for e-delivery of governance and citizen schemes.
we talked a lot of our mutual cooperation in the field of ict.
portugal has good experience working in the field of it services; pro-people app model are there.
i explained to her how digital india is working.
how citizens are getting engaged, prasad said.
marques will deliver a keynote at the icegov conference to be held between march 7 9.
marques said it is going to be a good opportunity to speak about future and our goals are similar.
using ict, using smartphones to make life easier for citizen and business, to making life happier for everybody which means inclusivity, social inclusion and financial inclusion for everybody.
its possible now because technology is something more accessible than in the past.
she said portugal has similar strategy as of india on the way ict can be efficiently used to make public administration friendly for citizens and also friendly for business to improve competitiveness of portugal, attract investments, create jobs and we have similar points where we can collaborate.
b'union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey/file) union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(express photo by prem nath pandey/file)the new data protection law will be finalised soon, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday, asserting that india must strike a fine balance between data availability, innovation and privacy issues.
the country is making all out efforts to strengthen cyber laws and data protection framework, he said at the mindmine summit while outlining indias aspirations for becoming a big centre for data analysis.
we are erecting the architecturecyber laws are being improvedcyber training and cyber forensics are being taken care of, he said.
a high level committee under justice b n srikrishna (former judge of supreme court) is crafting a data protection framework, prasad said, adding, very soon we will have a robust data protection law.
he said: we must have a fine balance between data availability, data innovation, data anonymity and data privacy.
we need data to improve business but the data must be anonymous, objective, and taken with consent.
prasads comments come at a time when data privacy has taken centre stage in global digital narrative.
over the last few weeks, the us social networking giant facebook has drawn intense criticism from users and governments globally over the data leak scandal that hit millions of users.
information of over 80 million facebook users was allegedly harvested by data analytics and political consulting firm, cambridge analytica, leading to a global backlash against the company.
the indian government too is questioning the two companies on data breach issue.
noting indias growing clout in the global arena, prasad said the country is setting the world agenda on sustainable development, climate justice, fighting terrorism, fight against black money and other important issues.
today indias size is increasingly matching indias clout.
india weight is increasingly being appreciated globally, he said.
seeking to allay apprehensions that advent of new technology may displace jobs, he pointed out that artificial intelligence and other emerging areas may require new skilling but they will create hundreds and thousands of new jobs.
india, he said, has every potential to become a one trillion dollar digital economy in 5-7 years, creating new employment avenues.
alluding to the recent international monetary fund (imf) report which pegged indias growth at 7.
4 per cent in 2018 and 7.
8 per cent in 2019, he said that projections reflect the clarity on policy front.
listing out the governments initiatives such as bpos in smaller towns, common services centres, establishing high-speed broadband infrastructure under bharat net and jump in electronics manufacturing, prasad said indias annual mobile phone production is likely to grow manifold in the coming years.
during the event, kpmg today launched a report, india soars higher, which is aimed at apprising investors about the prospects which the recent structural changes have brought.
in a significant decision, the union cabinet on wednesday decided to lift the restriction of one domestic lpg cylinder per month per household.
the cabinet, however, decided to retain the overall cap of 12 subsidised cylinders per year.
the cabinet on wednesday came to a conclusion that this system is causing problem to the people.
sometimes people do not need one, during festive season, (the) demand is more.
so, there was a feeling that if someone has not taken one cylinder (in) a given month, then in remaining months he wont get it, telecom and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said after the cabinet meeting.
]today, at the cabinet meeting, looking at the benefit of people, that condition has been done away with.
now they will get 12 cylinders at subsidised rate, he added.
currently, the number of lpg cylinders given to a domestic lpg consumer is 12.
along with this, there is a restriction of one lpg cylinder per month.
the government has now decided that while twelve subsidised lpg cylinders per annum will continue to be supplied to all domestic lpg consumers, there will be no separate monthly restriction of one cylinder per month, a government official said.
this changes the earlier decision taken on february 28 and removes the restriction that ordinarily only one cylinder be given to each beneficiary every month, the official said.
the centre hopes to alleviate difficulties faced by the genuine lpg consumers as the consumption of lpg cylinders is never exactly one per month, he added.
ravi shankar prasad said mukul rohatgi has served with great distinction.
(source: express photo/anil sharma) ravishankarprasad prasad said mukul rohatgi has served with great distinction.
(source: express photo/anil sharma)the government will take a decision on appointing a new attorney general at an appropriate time, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on thursday.
incumbent mukul rohatgi recently conveyed to the government that he would like to be relieved from the post he has held for three years.
we have taken note of the request of the ag not to continue due to personal reasons.
we respect that.
rohatgi has been a very distinguished ag.
he has served with great distinction, the minister told reporters in new delhi.
the government will take a decision at an appropriate time on who would be its next top law officer, he said.
rohatgi, who has said he wants to return to private practice, was appointed attorney general immediately after the bjp came to power in may 2014.
he has argued in many contentious matters like the challenge to the national judicial appointments commission act on the appointment of judges for the higher judiciary.
recently, he assisted the apex court in the triple talaq matter in which judgement is reserved.
early this month, the appointments committee of the cabinet extended his tenure until further orders.
rohatgi had also represented the gujarat government in the supreme court in the 2002 gujarat riots and fake encounter death cases, including the best bakery and zahira sheikh matters.
ravi shankar prasad said, as many as 113 crore aadhaar cards, 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users, 35 crore smart phones have been connected under digital india.
(pti photo) ravishankarprasad prasad said, as many as 113 crore aadhaar cards, 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users, 35 crore smart phones have been connected under digital india.
(pti photo)the bhim-aadhaar pay mobile application launched by prime minister narendra modi will boost transparency and honesty in payment of income tax in the country, union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in nagpur on friday.
the essence and the idea behind the prime ministers digital india initiative is that if we send rs 100 from delhi, then it must fully reach to the poor beneficiary.
that is the reason some 28 crore bank accounts have been opened for the poor in the last two years, said prasad.
he was addressing a programme to mark the culmination of digi dhan mela organised by the niti aayog at the divisional sports stadium located in mankapur area.
apart from modi, union ministers nitin gadkari, piyush goyal, hansraj ahir, ramdas athawle, and maharashtra chief minister devendra fadnavis were present on the dais.
modi today paid tribute to b r ambedkar at deekshabhoomi here, where the dalit icon had embraced buddhism, to mark his 126th birth anniversary.
he launched bhim-aadhaar mobile application, a biometric-based payment system which will make payment through thumb impression a reality.
prasad said, as many as 113 crore aadhaar cards, 108 crore mobile phones, 50 crore internet users, 35 crore smart phones have been connected under digital india.
he said that 72 mobile manufacturing companies have entered india since modi government assumed power.
the whlole world is discussing about the aadhaar initiative of india, he said.
the minister said that the launch of the bhim-aadhaar pay app will boost transparency and honesty in payment of income tax.
it will also help in making the indian army as well as indian roads the strongest in the world, he said.
on the occasion, prasad announced a 20,000 square metre incubation centre in nagpur for making it new it centre of the country.
addressing the gathering, union highways minsiter nitin gadkari termed the digital india initiative a very big and progressive thinking to fulfill the dreams of dr babasaheb ambedkar.
digital india will provide economic and social justice to the poor and farmers.
the digital india initiative will have a lot of positive impact on various sectors in the country, he said.
b'union civil aviation minister ashok gajpati raju, mos for civil aviation mahesh chandra sharma look on as union minister it and communications, ravishankarprasad prasad during a press conference on national civil aviation policy which approved by cabinet.
(source: pti) union civil aviation minister ashok gajpati raju, mos for civil aviation mahesh chandra sharma look on as union minister it and communications, ravishankarprasad prasad during a press conference on national civil aviation policy which approved by cabinet.
(source: pti)the nda government has unveiled a new civil aviation policy that aims to address the ills of the sector.
by all accounts, it has used broad strokes as well as done smaller tinkering to make the aviation policy more attractivefor new and existing airlines as well as alleviate some of the problems experienced by consumers.
but pleasing everyone is not easy and the new policy reflects the difficulty.
for producers, the government has decided to junk the much-criticised 5/20 clause.
it essentially required that a domestic airline must have operated for five years and must have at least 20 aircraft before it could offer overseas services.
this patently policy-induced hurdle was seen to favour existing private players over new airlines which could have entered the market and provided greater choice to consumers.
the new policy strikes down the five-year requirement.
this is a decision in the right direction, but more importantly, one on which the government could build further  it needs to do away with the 20 aircraft requirement as well.
similarly, the policys attempt to improve services for domestic consumers by ramping up regional connectivity  minister for civil aviation ashok gajapathi raju called it the centrepiece of the policy  suffers from infirmities.
it is creditable that the government has decided to invest in developing 50 no-frills airports in order to promote connectivity in unserved areas, mostly in tier 2 and tier 3 cities.
yet, the accompanying diktat of a price ceiling  rs 2,500 for a one-hour flight ticket  harks back to the licence-permit raj.
what makes it worse is that the government has offered to subsidise private airlines in case the ticket prices exceed this per-determined rate.
this subsidy will reportedly be financed by yet another cess.
again, while investments in infrastructure that enable markets to flourish are welcome, arbitrary price curbs and bureaucratic interference in the affairs of private airlines will most likely lead to rent seeking.
the government should do all it can to ensure that the barriers to entry for entrepreneurs in the civil aviation sector are low.
it should also focus on better and swift regulation to deal with anti-competitive practices by individual airlines.
b'bjp president amit shah.
(express photo/file) bjp president amit shah.
(express photo/file)a group of bjps dalit mps, who on thursday met law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, said they would meet party chief amit shah to press for a review petition against a supreme court order, which dilutes a law covering cases of atrocities against scheduled castes and tribes.
bjps sc morcha chief vinod kumar sonkar, who is also a lok sabha member, told pti that they met prasad and would meet shah, and insisted that the government would ensure that no harm was done to the interests of the community.
prasad told a press conference that the government was examining the apex courts judgement and would give a structured response to it in the coming days.
some mps said on the condition of anonymity that the only way out for the government was to file a review petition in the court as the issue had the potential to become a political hot potato for the saffron party, which had been wooing dalits.
expressing concern over misuse of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act, the supreme court on tuesday introduced the provision of anticipatory bail and ruled against automatic arrest of the accused booked under the law.
several bjp leaders said it would work against the interests of dalits with one of them saying that several laws were misused but it should not result in diluting them and that atrocities against dalits remained a serious issue in vast parts of the country.
bizay sonkar shastri, a dalit leader from the bjp and its spokesperson, said it was a serious issue, more so as 90 per cent of criminal cases resulted in the acquittal of accused and the order would further weaken the law.
he recalled that the then uttar pradesh chief minister mayawati in 2002 had passed an order asking police invoke the sc/st act in serious cases only and claimed that he as the then chairperson of the sc and st commission had played a role in pressuring her to withdraw the decision.
the supreme courts order more dangerous than that, he said.
shastri said bjp leaders had met non-sc/st lawmakers in parliament as well and they were also sympathetic to their plea.
the bjp today accused the trinamool congress of abducting a tribal couple, who hosted its chief amit shah during his visit to west bengal last week, and forcing them to join its ranks, terming it a text book case of revenge politics.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad reminded west bengal chief minister and tmc chief mamata banrjee of her struggle during the left rule, claiming she cannot stop the march of democracy and people will support the saffron party despite its pressure and violence.
at a press conference in the bjp headquarters here, he wondered if the tmcs desperation was caused by the cbis probe into saradha chit fund scam case and the narada bribary sting allegedly involving several of its mps.
the investigation will not stop.
it is based on evidence which is in the public domain.
bengal is seeing reckless violence and overpowering fear of the tmc, he said, adding the ruling party could not tolerate a tribal couple offering lunch to the bjp president.
the success of shahs visit has unnerved the tmc, he claimed.
prasad said the bjp workers and others whom shah met during his visit to bhawanipur, mamatas assembly constituency, are also under pressure.
such violence and fear prevailed in the state during the left rule and it is a tragedy that it remains so during the tmc rule as well, he said.
he also used the opportunity to accuse the mamata government of appeasing one section of the society, a reference to muslims, by the misuse of state power and noted that it stopped religious processions during ram navami and hanuman jayanti.
raju and geeta mahali, who had hosted shah on april 25, today joined the tmc in the presence of senior party leader and tourism minister gautam deb.
i was inspired by the developmental work of mamata banerjee and that is why we have joined the tmc.
nobody has forced us to join the party, geeta mahali later said.
prasad said the bjp was deeply sad and hurt over the development but was not least concerned.
such tactics by the tmc cannot stop the bjps expansion, he said.
b'at a time when the party is making corruption a major issue,bjp president nitin gadkari on saturday gave signals suggesting that controversial karnataka chief minister b s yeddyurappa is still not out of the woods.
he also referred to differences amongst senior leaders on important issues,saying this would harm the partys electoral prospects.
though gadkari did not name yeddyurappa in his presidential address here today,his remarks at the national executive that members should follow the high moral standards set by leaders like atal bihari vajpayee and l k advani was a signal enough.
our party has a legacy.
i appeal to our chief ministers,leaders and party workers not to do anything which would spoil the name of the party or make anybody point a finger at us, a senior bjp leader said,quoting gadkari having told the national executive.
yeddyurappa was present during gadkaris address.
allegations of corruption against him have dented bjps campaign on 2-g spectrum,commonwealth games and adarsh housing society.
congress president sonia gandhi had taken a dig at the bjp for failing to remove its corrupt chief minister while the ruling party had taken action against its union ministers and maharashtra chief minister.
though there were no clear indications about whether yeddyurappa will have to go,party leaders said gadkaris words may be a pointer of the things to come.
dwelling further on the issue of corruption,gadkari said,we in the bjp are aware of the magnitude of the issue of corruption.
in order to fight corruption,what is essentially required is the strong political will to overcome this crisis.
we believe that we all have to strive to have a system that encourages people to observe the right ethical values in place.
through innovative and result oriented measures,we have to work towards this end.
when yeddyurappa faced opposition charges of making out-of-turn land allotments to his sons and daughter,the bjp top brass reportedly gave him time till the local bodies elections in karnataka.
gadkari had feebly defended the beleaguered chief minister,saying his actions may be immoral but not illegal while senior leader l k advani had maintained that the party central leadership was dealing with the issue and was confident it will deal with it.
signifciantly,during the briefing,spokesman ravishankarprasad prasad laughed away a query when asked whether gadkaris remark that partymen should not do any such thing that will affect the image of the party,was directed at yeddyurappa.
let me reiterate our resolve not to spare the guilty.
our opponents can attempt to tarnish bjp,but i am afraid,that will not help them varnish their image, gadkari said at one point in his address while talking on transparency and accountability in governance.
gadkari also asked the party leadership to stop infighting as this harms the interest of the party.
if we are united then the future is good.
if you are divided then we will not get success.
if we leave aside infighting and unitedly contest elections then we will get success, gadkari said,according to party sources.
though the earlier infighting- in which some leaders even settled their differences through leaks in the media- has ceased,gadkari is apparently worried about the senior leaders speaking in different voices on the jpc issue.
he had to personally discuss the issue with pac chairperson m m joshi and request him to issue a statement supporting jpc to clear the air.
b'however, if an applicant does not have an aadhaar card, there is a provision for submission of other alternative documents like passport, birth certificate, life insurance policy etc, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(representational image) however, if an applicant does not have an aadhaar card, there is a provision for submission of other alternative documents like passport, birth certificate, life insurance policy etc, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
(representational image)the draft notification to amend rules for driving licences proposes aadhaar as one of the documents that can be submitted for address and age proof, the government said friday.
it said the draft notification to amend the form of application for licence to drive a motor vehicle and the form of driving licence, as prescribed in the central motor vehicles rules, 1989, has been submitted to the law ministry for legal vetting.
as per information received from ministry of road transport and highways, aadhaar card has been incorporated as one of the options in the list of documents to be submitted by the applicant as proof of address and age, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said in a written statement to the rajya sabha.
however, if an applicant does not have an aadhaar card, there is a provision for submission of other alternative documents like passport, birth certificate, life insurance policy etc, prasad said.
he added that there have been instances of concerns being raised on the security of aadhaar data.
all the concerns raised regarding the security, have been dealt with and addressed by unique identification authority of india (uidai).
adequate legal, organisational and technological measures are in place for the security of the data stored with uidai, prasad said.
he added that biometric information, including iris scan and fingerprints, is securely stored in an encrypted form at uidais central identities data repository.
illustration: c r sasikumar illustration: c r sasikumarafter identifying a number of potential threats to the digital payments ecosystem in the wake of rising proliferation of such services, the centre has released draft rules for security of prepaid payment instruments (ppis) or m-wallets.
till date, these instruments are not governed by norms or rules, as far as cyber security issues are concerned.
these draft rules stipulate issuers of mobile wallets, which witnessed a surge in number of users post the government announced the decision to demonetise high-value currency notes, to have in place a privacy policy and the terms and conditions for use of the payment systems operated by it in simple language, capable of being understood by a reasonable person.
watch what else is making newsin november, the indian computer emergency response team (cert-in), considering the increasing threats to electronic payment instruments, had issued an advisory for users to refer to ensure safe use of electronic wallets.
some of those include using strong passwords on devices where these wallets are installed, avoid usage of public wi-fi networks to access the applications, creating unique passwords for wallets, and identifying points of contact in case of fraudulent use of wallets.
to prevent any security breach of wallets, in which inherently people store money for ease of use, the draft rules issued by the ministry of electronics and information technology specify that every wallet issuer should review its security measures at least once a year, and after any major security incident or breach, or before a major change to its infrastructure or procedures.
furthermore, the issuer would also need to establish a mechanism for monitoring, handling and follow-up of any cyber incidents.
a grievance officer is also proposed to be set up with every wallet issuing company in india, who would be responsible for receiving complaints from customers.
the e-ppi issuer shall publish on its website and its mobile application the name and contact details of the grievance officer, and procedure by which customers or any other person who suffers as a result of violation of these rules can make complaints to the grievance officer, the draft rules document said.
the grievance officer shall act within 36 hours and shall resolve the complaint within one month from the date of receipt of such complaint, it added.
notwithstanding the topical preparedness put in place by the government and the private sector players, to counter cyber threats, experts have indicated potential risks based on lack of awareness among individuals and organisations concerning security of their information technology infrastructure.
one the one hand, during the past year, 70 per cent of organisations were compromised in some way or the other by a successful cyber attack, other the other hand, nearly one-third do not have a written information security policy.
the recently reported breaches in the aadhaar infrastructure also buttress the need to have a strict data protection policy in place.
through these draft rules for wallets, comments for which can be sent to the government by march 20, the centre has proposed mandating end-to-end encryption by wallet issuers to ensure safeguarding of data exchanged through such systems.
furthermore, access to confidential information by the employees of the issuing company must be on a need-to-know and need-to-use basis, the rules propose.
the process of maintaining confidentiality of information shall be included in the information security policy, the document notes.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday asked the global community to work on protection of data privacy while emphasising on innovations using data analytics.
in india, 1.
08 billion mobile phones, 60 million smartphones are a source of data, 112 billion aadhaar is are a source of data but on the other side, it is an equally important issue that data is mine.
i am the individual.
why should my data be made public, prasad said at the international conference on theory and practice of electronic governance (icegov).
while the draft rules for ppis propose a number of security measures to prevent any untoward incident, they do not detail any redressal mechanism in case of theft of money from a wallet.
earlier the government was in conversation with wallet issuers to have in place an insurance system for wallets, which would place the onus on issuers in case money is stolen from wallets, and the issuers would be in turn insured against such incidents.
b'ravi shankar prasad also cited incidents of modi acknowledging services of muslims from different walks of life.
(source: express archive photo/anil sharma) ravishankarprasad prasad also cited incidents of modi acknowledging services of muslims from different walks of life.
(source: express archive photo/anil sharma)facing strong criticism from the opposition over his remark that the government has given sanctity to muslims even though they do not vote for the bjp, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad defended his statement and said the bjp believed in all-round development of the country and not in votebank politics.
the minister said the government firmly believed in sabka saath, sabka vikas.
be it hindus, be it muslims, be it sikhs, be it the people from any part of india, we are committed for the development of all.
we are committed to make india a country of inclusion, of development, of all-round development, he said.
the law minister defended his remarks, saying the modi government believes in an inclusive society and respects the vibrant cultural diversity of india.
my stand is very clear.
the narendra modi government believes in inclusive society.
it respects the vibrant cultural diversity of india.
we dont measure the development of indian citizens on the yardsticks of vote bank, he said in a series of tweets.
he also cited incidents of modi acknowledging services of muslims from different walks of life.
prasad said he was proud of imran khan of alwar whose information technology work was talked about by modi in his speech in london.
i salute karimul haq, tea garden worker whose selfless ambulance service to people impressed narendra modi to honour him with padma shri, he said in a tweet.
meanwhile, the congress, left and other parties said the constitution bestows on all indians some fundamental rights, including muslims, and that this was not charity extended by a minister.
congress leader m veerappa moily accused the minister of trying to divide the society.
he is trying to create a divide trying to divide the population of this country.
he is trying to empower himself to give that kind of certificate on who is sanctified and who is not.
i think he has to apologise for the statement as it sends out a very wrong message, he said.
moily, also a former union law minister, said he does not know why the minister of a country who happens to be a spokesperson for the constitutional integrity, constitutional propriety of this country should speak in that language.
cpm general secretary sitaram yechury said sanctity is provided by the constitution and not because of the charity of a minister.
what do you mean we gave them sanctity?
is it a charity the minister of law and justice is doing?
yechury asked.
bharatiya janata party chief amit shah (pti photo) bharatiya janata party chief amit shah (pti photo)amid raging row over the electronic voting machines tampering, bharatiya janata party chief amit shah on saturday hit out at the opposition, saying that blaming evms for poll defeat amounts to disrespect of the election commission.
to blame the electronic voting machines for defeat during the elections is like disrespecting the election commission, shah said.
addressing party members at the bjps two-day national executive, shah also warned party leaders against complacency.
the bjp is yet to reach its peak.
its golden era will arrive when it rules from panchayat to assemblies across the country and parliament, he said.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, meanwhile, told reporters that during the partys national executive in bhubaneshwar, shah said that prime minister narendra modi is the most populist leader today due to his extraordinary connect with the people.
following the bjps thumping victories in the recently-concluded assembly elections, many opposition parties have accused the narendra modi-led government of tampering with the evms to swing the votes in its favour.
earlier in the day, prime minister modi led a roadshow and mingled with crowds at several places breaking security protocol as he arrived in the coastal state to attend the two-day bjp national executive meeting.
considering the 2019 general elections and assembly polls in the state, the saffron party aims to make inroads into odisha, a stronghold of the naveen patnaik-led biju janata dal.
recently, the bjp produced an impressive performance in the states rural polls, which was held in february.
right to privacy: the uidai and its claim of data security will come under scrutiny.
(ap photo/representational) right to privacy: the uidai and its claim of data security will come under scrutiny.
(ap photo/representational)judgments delivered by indian courts invariably record the arguments of counsel for the parties to the case.
in the privacy case (justice k s puttaswamy), decided by the supreme court on august 24, 2017, the judgment of justice rohinton nariman has (helpfully for the public) recorded the arguments in paragraphs 6 to 10.
let me quote from paragraph 6 of that judgment:6.
appearing on behalf of the union of india, shri k k venugopal, learned attorney general (ag) of india, has argued that the conclusions arrived at in the 8-judge bench and the 5-judge bench decisions should not be disturbed as they are supported by the fact that the founding fathers expressly rejected the right to privacy being made part of the fundamental rights chapter of the constitutionin paragraphs 7, 8, 9 and 10, it was noted that the counsel for the states of madhya pradesh, maharashtra, gujarat and haryana adopted the arguments of the ag and added their own reasons as well: concept of privacy was inherently vague, subjective, inchoate, unsound, etc.
it does not require deductive logic to conclude that the central government and bjp-ruled states took a common position that was decided upon by the bjps leadership: that right to privacy was not, and should not be declared, a fundamental right.
the verdict and the spinin the end, the supreme court, in a unanimous verdict (9-0), rejected these arguments.
the court held that privacy was a sound concept, that right to privacy was a fundamental right, and that the two earlier judgments were wrong and hence overruled.
it was a comprehensive rejection of the arguments of the central government and bjp-ruled state governments.
after the verdict was delivered, the bjp gave it a spin.
the central government, through its minister of law, no less, claimed that the court had accepted the governments stand and the government welcomed the judgment!
the nine honourable judges who heard the case would have blanched.
mr ravishankarprasad prasad deserves an award for bravery or, at least, a place in the indian cricket team!
the player on the governments team who emerged with credibility was mr mukul rohatgi, the former ag.
in a candid interview, he said had he still been in office as ag, he would have admitted that the government had lost the case.
he also said that, in his opinion, the judgment of the court was wrong.
exploring dark matterdeclaring a right not explicitly listed in part iii of the constitution as a fundamental right is not unprecedented.
the judgment of justice d y chandrachud listed the precedents:* the right to go abroad;* the right against solitary confinement;* the right of prisoners against various fetters;* the right to legal aid;* the right to speedy trial;* the right against handcuffing;* the right against custodial violence;* the right against public hanging;* the right to doctors assistance at government hospitals;* the right to shelter;* the right to a healthy environment;* the right to compensation for unlawful arrest;* the right to freedom from torture;* the right to reputation; and* the right to earn a livelihood.
justice j chelameswar described the exercise as exploring the constitutions dark matter.
just as it was exposited in kesavananda bharati vs state of kerala that the constitution had a basic structure which was beyond the power of amendment, in justice k s puttaswamy, the court has discovered another gem  that the right to privacy is an inalienable part of the right to life and personal liberty (article 21).
through lens of privacythe implications are far-reaching.
every action of the government that affects a person/citizen must now be examined through the lens of the right to privacy.
the immediate candidate for questioning is linking aadhaar to a number of activities like income-tax return, pan, bank account, air ticket, school admission, etc.
that was not  repeat, not  the original purpose of aadhaar and is, arguably, an invasion of privacy.
aadhaar was conceived and implemented (cautiously) to ensure that government benefits and subsidies did not go into the hands of the wrong person as a result of duplication, impersonation or falsification.
cases of ghost students receiving scholarships, bogus muster rolls under mgnrega, second or multiple subsidised lpg cylinders obtained under duplicate/multiple identities, etc.
were common.
insistence on aadhaar would put an end to the malpractices.
however, under the nda government, aadhaar has exceeded its original purpose and has been made mandatory for activities that do not involve government benefits or subsidies.
the question is, why?
the uidai and its claim of data security will come under scrutiny.
the natgrids authority and mandate must be reviewed.
the powers of search and seizure, telephone tapping, off-site surveillance, etc have to restricted.
section 377, ipc, must be struck down (not just read down).
lgbt rights need to be acknowledged.
know your customer, data-collection, data-mining, data-sharing and profiling must be regulated.
right to be forgotten must be made enforceable.
right to die, euthanasia and reproductive rights must be debated.
justice k s puttaswamy has enlarged and enriched the freedom that we won in 1947.
today, we will celebrate.
tomorrow, there will be other challenges and those too we shall overcome.
stating that people of the country have rejected the policy of arrogance, dynasty and inheritance, bjp on monday advised the congress to reconcile itself to sit in the opposition.
four days ahead of counting of votes for lok sabha election, bjp today lauded the voters of the country for coming out in large numbers to elect a stable, effective and decisive government.
this is an election of hope and not of emotion.
the policy of arrogance, dynasty and inheritance is being rejected by the people of india and the politics of initiative, hard work and accomplishments based upon the record of good governance is being rewarded by the people, bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad said.
giving unsolicited advice to the congress party, he said, dynasty cannot deliver victory.
the congress should understand.
please reconcile yourself to be in opposition, otherwise you will face difficulties.
in a veiled attack on the nehru-gandhi family, prasad said, you cant flaunt your inheritance and achievements of your forefathers attained 20 to 30 years ago.
people are asking questions on what you have to comment on the present.
taking a swipe at bihar chief minister nitish kumar, he said his hidden desire for the prime ministers post will remain and claimed he has been marginalised in this election.
he said questions are being raised on jd(u)s poor performance.
b'ravi shankar prasad was speaking on the issues of dalit atrocities and review of the sc/st act.
(express photo) ravishankarprasad prasad was speaking on the issues of dalit atrocities and review of the sc/st act.
(express photo)union minister ravishankarprasad prasad today said the modi governments exemplary record for the welfare of dalits and the bjps popularity among depressed classes had led to a smear campaign by other political parties.
stating that the alleged dilution of the sc/st act came through a supreme court order on a petition wherein the centre was not even made a party, the law and justice minister told reporters that a review petition had been filed.
our record with regard to the welfare of dalits has been exemplary.
the sc/st act came into being in 1989.
but it was in 2015 when the law was given more teeth by the inclusion of acts such as blackening of the face, forcible shaving of head and prevention from riding a horse under its ambit, prasad said.
the bjp has the largest number of mps, legislators, mayors, zila parishad chairpersons and village mukhiyas from the schedule castes (sc) and scheduled tribes (st) communities, the minister said.
this has led to jitters among parties, which have always used the weaker section for votes, he said.
lashing out at the congress, prasad wondered why b r ambedkar was not conferred the bharat ratna till the v p singh government was installed with the bjps support.
on the other hand, we made ram nath kovind  a dalit  the president of the country, he said.
our record with regard to the welfare of dalits has been exemplary, said prasad on friday.
(express photo by amit mehra) our record with regard to the welfare of dalits has been exemplary, said prasad on friday.
(express photo by amit mehra)lambasting bsp supremo mayawati, who has been severely critical of the nda government on issues relating to dalits, prasad cited two orders passed during her tenure as uttar pradesh chief minister directed officials to prevent misuse of the sc/st act.
he termed these as the greatest affront to the very social group, which she claims to represent and fight for.
on whether the centre would consider bringing an ordinance if the review petition is rejected by the supreme court, prasad said this is a hypothetical question.
we have filed a very strong review petition and well ensure that dalits interests are not compromised, he said.
on demands for including provisions of the sc/st act and reservations in the ninth schedule of the constitution, he said, such demands have arisen out of the anxieties triggered by the supreme court order.
we would ensure that there is no dilution of the law meant to protect the dalits and that the implementation of the act is effective, he said.
defending the bjps stand against the inclusion of dalit muslims and dalit christians among the scheduled castes, prasad said, the constitution clearly states that only those among hindus, buddhists and sikhs could be included in the category.
ambedkar had made such a provision after giving due thought to indias social realities.
the inclusion of new groups in the category would lead to infringement of the dalit rights, he said.
on rahul gandhis candle march in new delhi yesterday in protest against the rape cases of kathua and unnao, the union minister said, we believe in ensuring justice to the aggrieved, not in polemics.
on jammu and kashmir minister tassaduq sayeed reportedly calling the bjp and the pdp partners in crime, prasad said i am not aware of this.
hence i would not like to comment.
b'karnataka high court chief justice dinesh maheshwari.
karnataka high court chief justice dinesh maheshwari.
in what raises questions of propriety and process, chief justice of karnataka high court justice dinesh maheshwari has this month started an enquiry on a complaint directly forwarded to him by the union law ministry against p krishna bhat, principal district and sessions judge.
bhat had been cleared for elevation to the karnataka high court by the supreme court collegium in april 2017.
bhats name was first proposed by the karnataka high court on february 10, 2016 and the supreme court collegium recommended his name for appointment to the high court on august 23, 2016.
bhats appointment was, however, stalled after a complaint was received by the then chief justice of india t s thakur in june 2016 from a principal civil judge in hassan district, who alleged atrocities and abuse of power by bhat against her.
the then chief justice of karnataka high court, justice s k mukherjee wrote to the chief justice of india on november 14, 2016, stating that the allegations levelled against bhat were incorrect and concocted.
and that the complainant was making such baseless allegations only to malign bhat.
on april 6, 2017, bhats name was reiterated by the supreme court collegium to the law ministry.
however, in december last year, the complainant sent a fresh petition against bhat to the government alleging that he had managed her earlier complaint.
as per norms, the law ministry does not communicate directly with the high courts for any complaints after the supreme court collegium has recommended a name for elevation to the high court.
but in this case it did, and chief justice of india dipak misra was not informed of the complaint which was directly forwarded to the karnataka high court by the ministry.
sources said that justice maheshwari, who took over as chief justice of karnataka high court last month, started proceedings against bhat on his own without first referring the case to cji dipak misra.
in a six-page letter sent last week, justice maheshwari told the cji that he had opened an enquiry against bhat on a complaint directly forwarded by the law ministry.
as per the judgment in the second judges case, in case the supreme court collegium reiterates a name, it is incumbent upon the law ministry to issue warrants for appointment of the concerned person.
despite the supreme court collegiums reiteration of bhats name, the law ministry has not issued a warrant for his appointment to karnataka high court so far.
pending his appointment, the collegium has also not made any fresh appointments to the karnataka high court, besides making only additional judges in the high court permanent.
sources said the cji had taken a strong view of the case which allegedly violates established procedure for appointment of judges to the high courts.
the matter is likely to be discussed in the next meeting of the supreme court collegium.
incidentally, cji misra was part of the three-member supreme court collegium which reiterated bhats name to the law ministry.
the collegium was then headed by cji j s khehar who had himself been the chief justice of karnataka high court and had observed bhat when he served as khehars registrar general.
the complaint against bhat was made by another judicial officer from karnataka who had been indicted in an inquiry conducted by bhat on the orders of the karnataka high court.
the judicial officer, against whom the local bar association had levelled allegations of corruption, had been transferred out of the district where she was serving.
she had initially resigned from her post, before withdrawing her resignation and filing a complaint against bhat.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad was not available for comment.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
(file photo) uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath.
(file photo)uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath will be one of the star campaigners of the bjp for the mcd polls scheduled to be held on april 23.
the party has prepared a list of star campaigners, including union ministers, chief ministers of bjp-ruled states, senior party leaders, and delhi bjp chief manoj tiwari will personally request them to campaign in the run-up to the mcd polls.
it is a tentative list of senior party leaders who will campaign in the municipal elections and expose the aam aadmi party and its leader arvind kejriwal, said delhi bjp vice president ravindra gupta.
uttar pradesh deputy chief minister keshav prasad maurya will also campaign for the saffron party in the mcd polls, he added.
names of union ministers, including those of rajnath singh, arun jaitley, m venkaiah naidu, nitin gadkari, ravishankarprasad prasad, harsh vardhan and vijay goel, also figure in bjps list of star campaigners for the mcd polls.
actress-turned-politician and the saffron partys mp from mathura hema malini will also campaign in the election for the 272 wards of the three municipal corporations in the national capital, which is expected to witness a three-pronged contest among the bjp, aap and congress.
chief ministers of bjp-ruled maharashtra, assam, jharkhand, uttarakhand, chhattisgarh, haryana, rajasthan and madhya pradesh will also take part in the campaigning.
tiwari and another bhojpuri filmstar, ravi kishan, also feature among the partys star campaigners.
senior bjp leader from bihar sushil modi too will campaign in a bid by the saffron party to woo the huge chunk of voters from that state living in the city.
senior party leaders kalraj mishra, smriti irani, radha mohan singh, giriraj singh, sanjiv balyan, jitendra singh, vijay kumar malhotra, shahnawaj hussain, sambit patra will also take part in the campaigning among others.
take a look at the indian express power list of 2016-17 not just to see who are the most powerful 100 in this country of a billion plus.
look at it, also, to get a sense of how, over the past year, power has changed hands  and how power itself has changed.
to take the second change first, which is also the context in which the first  the movement of the powerful  is to be tracked: more than any other in recent times, the past year has framed and sharpened an absence in indias liberal democratic imagination.
liberal democracy in india has always seemed ill-trained in the art of separation that produces a check and balance on power, and is also a way of fragmenting it.
democracy in india doesnt ask itself the question, at least not often enough, and not with enough sophistication: what are the bases of different institutions?
what are the different kinds of power?
it is in this space of unasked questions that the steep climb and precipitous fall of individuals in the ie power list tells a story, of course.
large meanings can also be prised from the small shifts.
the top three of 2016-17 remain the same as in 2015-16  prime minister narendra modi, bjp president amit shah and rss sarsanghchalak mohan bhagwat  but with a difference.
while modi remains numero uno, shah trades places with bhagwat.
the moving up of shah, the stepping down of bhagwat, if only by a rung each, speaks of an unfolding realignment within the sangh parivar  the dramatic electoral successes of the modi-shah election machine are helping them pull ahead of not just their opponents and rivals but also their friends.
the year 2015-2016 was when the political opposition struck back at the bjp dominance established by its 282-seat triumph in 2014  first arvind kejriwals aap routed the bjp in delhi, then the nitish kumar-lalu prasad mahagathbandhan trounced it in bihar.
it was also the year when the bjps political project seemed challenged by events and stories outside the political arena that snowballed, acquired power, became writ large  the murder of mohammad akhlaq in dadri over rumours of beef in september 2015, the suicide of dalit student rohith vemula at the hyderabad university campus in january 2016.
this was followed by the spreading protests against the arrest of students in jnu on charges of sedition, which also stoked a wide and vibrant debate on the meaning of nationalism.
yet, in 2017, that agitation and those debates seem frayed and faded already.
their dramatis personae, like the fiery jnu student leaders, are no longer prominent on the stage.
they have been relegated by the inevitable return to business-as-usual, yes, but also by the sound and spectacle of the bjps electoral victories, especially and most recently in uttar pradesh.
unsurprising, then, that a host of opposition leaders move down the power list: arvind kejriwal slips from no.
8 to 33, mayawati who was at 30 last year is now at 50, and lalu prasad is down from 26 to 42.
the gandhis, sonia and rahul, may not show as great a fall  from 5 to 9 and from 9 to 10, respectively.
but there is a settled stolid dullness to their ranking, especially when you contrast it with the blistering trajectory of yogi adityanath, a new entrant at no.
8, or himanta biswa sarma who left the congress to become powerful in the bjp, and who is also a new entry in the list, at 37.
nitish kumar, who had seemed for a while last year to be the emerging rallying point for anti-bjp forces, has receded only from 12 to 13, but in his case, the rungs he hasnt climbed are more telling.
all those who are on the list are there because of the individuals that they are and because of the institutions and offices that they represent.
but the rise in the list of chief justice khehar, from 41 to 4, and the entry of dipak misra at 15 and justice lodha at 78, owes more to their institution  the judiciary  at a time when other checks and balances on concentrated executive power are waning.
how these individuals act on their institutions, steer their course, will determine their ranking in next years list.
and what about the non-political powerful of 2016-17?
except for the feisty kangana ranaut gatecrashing this list of 90 men and 10 women,as she has done bollywood, in the most powerful and empowering way possible, well, what about them?
here is the list:also read | the most powerful indians in 2017, 51 to 100: aamir khan moves up to 61, chidambaram at 711.
narendra damodardas modi, 66prime minister of india(rank 2016: 1)whybecause nearly three years into his term, he remains the unchallenged number 1.
because under him, the bjp looks unstoppable, forcing the opposition to continually play catch-up.
every key move the modi government makes  from surgical strikes to demonetisation  is done in his name.
under him, the prime ministers office wields almost absolute power, inviting awe and criticism in equal measure.
his relentless campaigning fuelled the partys sweep in uttar pradesh, setting the stage for 2019.
his constant communication underlines the power of his politics.
power punchdemonetisation.
its economics may have been suspect but its politics was pure gold.
he proved his critics wrong and projected the hugely disruptive note ban as a transformational reform that people must support for the greater good.
and they did.
what nexthalfway into his term, hes looking beyond 2019.
economy and employment, rising expectations of the young remain his key challenges at home that will also define his place in the world.
by the wayhe loves photography, shoots a lot and always directs photographers even as he poses for them.
2.
amit shah, 52bjp president(rank 2016: 3)whyhe pushes the rss chief down one rank because he has established himself as the bjps trump card.
despite the criticism over his style of functioning, shah has proved he is the most effective strategist, whether in uttar pradesh, maharashtra or manipur.
he not only led the party to historic victories in up and uttarakhand by stitching together a new social coalition, but also choreographed the bjp takeover of goa and manipur.
power punchshah stuck to his handpicked candidates for uttar pradesh and uttarakhand, including some who joined the party on the eve of the release of the list.
what nextelections in gujarat later this year.
he realises the partys performance here is tied to his prestige as well as that of the pm.
by the wayhe has been on a strict weight-loss programme and has already lost over 15 kg.
3.
mohan bhagwat, 66rss sarsanghchalak(rank 2016: 2)whywithout rocking any boats, like in the atal bihari vajpayee years, he has ensured that the rss and the bjp government remain in step and in sync.
despite the rebellion in the goa unit and some swayamsevaks carping over tickets in up and uttarakhand, bhagwats sangh has emerged as the perfect foil to the modi government.
power punchhis public disagreements are keenly heard.
for instance, his disapproval of the draft education policy prompted the centre to review it.
what nextto push the rss agenda on triple talaq and empowerment of dalits and other backward classes, especially in southern states.
by the wayfinds time to watch movies with close friends from nagpur.
4.
j s khehar, 64chief justice of india(rank 2016: 41)whywith the judiciary and the executive locked in a struggle over delay in appointments to the higher judiciary and a new memorandum of procedure (mop), the cji, who heads the collegium that clear the names of judges for high courts and the apex court, plays a key role.
besides, he will hear all important pils in the supreme court.
power punchthe sc collegium under him has stood its ground, virtually rejecting every contentious clause that the modi government wanted in the new mop.
what nexthe is expected to head the constitution bench that will decide the validity of aadhaar and the contours of the right to privacy.
by the wayhe often refers to his wife as sher khan and tiger.
5.
ajit doval, 72national security advisor(rank 2016: 18)whybecause he is the most important bureaucrat in the modi government.
he has the prime ministers ear on everything, from foreign policy and the challenges of terror to negotiations with the naga rebels.
power punchfollowing the public announcement of the surgical strikes in pok last november, he is said to have controlled the flow of information and played a key role in shaping the narrative.
what nextto quickly gauge the trump administration and work on common areas so that new delhi is able to tap into the new washington.
by the waystill responds to every single soldierly salutation in his office with a loud and brisk vishraam, araam se.
6.
arun jaitley, 64union finance minister(rank 2016: 4)whythe effective no 2 in the modi cabinet, jaitley has the task of steering the economy towards higher growth amid a slowdown resulting from demonetisation.
with manohar parrikar heading to goa, jaitley holds additional charge of the crucial defence ministry.
power punchafter a series of hectic negotiations with states and political parties, jaitley was able to get the constitutional amendment related to gst passed by parliament.
a crucial indirect tax reform, consensus on which once seemed impossible, gst is likely to be implemented fromjuly 1.
what nextimproving the countrys tax base and ensuring that people stay the course on digital transactions.
by the wayhe is on very friendly terms with captain amarinder singh, the man who defeated him in the bitterly fought amritsar lok sabha contest.
7.
mukesh dhirubhai ambani, 59chairman, reliance industries(rank 2016: 5)whycontinues to remain the richest indian with a net worth of rs 1,75,400 crore (us $26 billion), according to the hurun global rich list.
he is now focusing on his telecom venture, reliance jio, which is making aggressive plans in the segment, giving established players such as airtel a run for their money.
the groups sprawling media ownership is now a role model for other corporates.
power punchjio has secured over 10 crore customers in less than six months.
what nextwith jio set to charge customers from april, his next move in the intensely competitive telecom sector will be keenly watched.
by the waya nature buff, ambani loves to visit wildlife hotspots such as kruger national park in south africa.
8.
yogi adityanath, 44chief minister, uttar pradesh(rank 2016: new entry)whyfor being chief minister of indias most populous state, where the bjp and its allies have come to power with a thumping mandate, winning 325 of 403 seats in the assembly elections.
a key hindutva face of the bjp, he surprised nearly everyone by becoming the partys choice to lead the state government.
power punchwhen he pipped about half-a-dozen aspirants to the post of cm.
long seen as the fringe in the state bjp, he now represents the mainstream.
what nexthe faces the daunting task of balancing the demands of his office with those of his restive and aggressive supporters.
how he does that will decide how effectively the bjp reaps its electoral harvest in up.
the crackdown on meat and the anti-romeo squads have dominated headlines but the yogi story is yet to unfold.
by the wayhe is fond of watches.
wears a rado on his left wrist.
9.
sonia gandhi, 70congress president(rank 2016: 5)whydespite her conscious decision to stay away from the limelight and make way for son rahul, sonia gandhi remains the paramount leader of the congress.
the longest-serving president of the grand old party, she is still the last word and the final arbiter in the party.
though her ill health has forced her to curtail her public appearances, she remains accessible to all leaders.
power punchher strategic absence from the congress working committee meeting, in which her loyalist ak antony broached the topic of rahuls elevation, was a message loud and clear for rahul baiters to fall in line and reconcile with the new normal.
what nextwith the party battered at the polls, she could step down as president but will remain the figurehead.
by the wayshe opens all official communication from congress office bearers and administrative staff all by herself.
also, she personally puts her replies into envelopes and seals them herself.
10.
rahul gandhi, 46congress vice-president(rank 2016: 9)whywith mother sonia gandhi taking a back seat, rahul is now in effective control of the grand old party.
with the bjp unlikely to have the numbers in the rajya sabha, the congress remains the fulcrum of any opposition unity in parliament.
power puncheven though under him the party has seen a string of electoral reverses, he doesnt face any major challenge within the party.
what nexthis long-awaited elevation as congress president could happen this year.
by the wayrahul dabbles in a number of sports.
he is a licensed scuba diving instructor, a black belt in aikido and a squash player.
he is currently reading the english translation of the upanishads.
11.
rajnath singh, 65union home minister(rank 2016: 7)whyone of the heavyweights of the nda government, singh has also been the bjp national president.
he has enjoyed key posts in the government, in part because he has the complete backing of the rss.
in up, singh conducted 102 election rallies, the maximum by a central minister.
power punchsingh was the soft face of the government during the 2016 kashmir unrest and has been instrumental in pushing back left wing extremism to an all-time low.
what nextwith a change of guard in the united states, the next big challenge for the home minister is the upcoming indo-us homeland security dialogue.
back home, he will have to build a new narrative in kashmir, along with handling infiltration from across the border.
by the waysingh is not part of any family whatsapp group and does not keep a mobile with him.
12.
piyush goyal, 52mos, independent for power, coal, new & renewable energy and mines(rank 2016: 46)whyhis ministry has ensured that there is no scarcity of coal.
as a result, while transmission and distribution issues persist, power generation has been sorted out  the countrys power surplus.
in spite of his responsibilities as a senior minister, goyal was appointed to the two-member ministerial group that was to work out a strategy to promote cashless transactions during the demonetisation period.
power punchhas been tasked with executing pms targets, such as power for all and annual renewable energy generation of 175 gw by 2022.
his ministry has already electrified 70 per cent of the 18,452 villages that the pm wants power to reach by may 2018.
he is expected to meet this deadline comfortably.
what nexthas to successfully supervise non-coal auctions being conducted by the states, and sort out transmission and distribution issues with their help.
will also have to reach target of renewable power generation.
by the wayhe hasnt slept for more than five hours a day since he took charge.
is spiritual and meditates.
13.
nitish kumar, 66chief minister, bihar(rank 2016: 12)whyfor being the face of the opposition and the nucleus of the anti-bjp camp.
he is likely to play a key role in putting up a consensus candidate from the non-bjp camp for the post of president of india.
power punchhe was the only opposition leader to back demonetisation, though with a caveat: a good idea, but poorly implemented.
what nextin his third term as chief minister, nitish is definitely looking national with an eye on the 2019 parliamentary elections.
by the wayhas a fascination for the digit 7.
despite moving to the cms official 1, anne marg residence, he retained his previous address at 7, circular road, patna.
14.
mamata banerjee, 62chief minister, west bengal(rank 2016: 15)whyin her second term as chief minister, she remains the most resolute voice critical of pm modi and the bjp in a country where the opposition space is increasingly shrinking.
banerjee has been most vocal on the debate regarding federalism, repeatedly accusing the bjp-led centre of attempting to weaken the federal structure and centralise power.
power punchafter her landslide victory in 2011, which ended the 34-year-old left rule in bengal, banerjee pulled off an even bigger victory in the 2016 assembly polls.
what nexther party will have to contend with the narada investigations, in addition to the ongoing investigations into chit funds.
by the wayshe walks 5-6 km on her treadmill every morning.
she has repeatedly walked up to 10 kms at a stretch, leaving those behind her puffing away at a distance.
15.
dipak misra, 63supreme court judge(rank 2016: new entry)whyhe is set to take over as the chief justice of india in august this year and will have a tenure of over a year.
with tension between the centre and opposition-ruled states, as well as the ruling bjp and opposition parties, showing no signs of abating, the supreme court headed by him could be called upon more frequently to be the final arbiter in constitutional matters.
he will also head the collegium that will have the opportunity to appoint a large number of supreme court and high court judges.
power punchto instill committed patriotism and nationalism, he made it mandatory for all cinema halls in india to play the national anthem before a movie begins, with those present in the hall obliged to stand up to show respect.
what nextthe supreme court bench headed by him is seized of some very important cases, which include reforms in the bcci, plea seeking a refund for sahara investors, the delhi december 16 gangrape-cum-murder, entry of women into keralas sabarimala temple and the cauvery water-sharing dispute.
by the wayhe can quote extempore from shakespeares works.
16.
sushma swaraj, 65external affairs minister(rank 2016: 10)whydespite her ill-health, she has retained her position as one of the topmost cabinet ministers in the modi government.
though she has not travelled over the last year, barring a few occasions, her inputs are considered key to modis foreign policy.
power punchalthough recovering from a kidney transplant, she has been alert and active on twitter.
responds to requests from indians in distress overseas.
what nexther comeback to active official duty in the coming months.
by the wayshe is an ardent krishna devotee, whose images can be seen all over her house.
17.
shivraj singh chouhan, 58chief minister, madhya pradesh(rank 2016: 23)whyhas spent more time in the chief ministers office than any politician in the history of the state, which was once a congress stronghold.
the bjp has won two assembly elections projecting him as the cm.
has even busted the myth that the cm on whose watch the simhastha kumbh is held always loses the seat.
power punchhaving ridden the vyapam scam, there appears to be no challenger to the chief minister as of now.
what nextwith the assembly elections more than a year away in madhya pradesh, there are rumours about his elevation to delhi as a union minister.
by the waywhenever possible, chouhan loves to take a dip in the narmada.
18.
devendra gangadhar fadnavis, 46chief minister, maharashtra(rank 2016: 25)whyfrom policy decisions in maharashtra to drawing up the bjps political strategy, fadnavis remains the go-to man.
has mastered the art of dealing with ally shiv sena, which often plays the role of an aggressive opposition, as well as rival parties, the congress and the nationalist congress party.
power punchunder him, the bjp won 10 municipal corporation elections, 25 zila parishad and 284 panchayat seats.
what nextto tackle the shiv sena, which is more aggressive after the bjps success in the civic polls.
his aim to carry out socio-economic reforms in the state will also be tested.
by the wayhe likes gola bhat and phodnichi poli.
19.
nitin gadkari, 59union minister, road transport and highways(rank 2016: 20)whyhe continues to be one of the top performers in the council of ministers with the reputation of being a doer.
modi is said to openly praise him in ministerial and secretary-level meetings.
some in the party say modi uses gadkaris proximity to the rss leadership to bring nagpur on board on certain issues.
given the governments infrastructure push, he is in charge of a key ministry.
power punchwith the bjp eight short of the magic figure of 21 seats in the 40-member goa assembly, it was gadkari who worked the phones overtime and got mlas to side with the party, completely outsmarting the congress.
what nextafter the success in goa, his stock in the party has gone up.
by the wayenjoys spicy food and his favourite dish is pataudi, a popular preparation from nagpur.
20.
amarinder singh, 75chief minister, punjab(new entry)whya scion of the patiala royal family, amarinder led the congress to its only decisive victory in the assembly elections held this year.
is still one of the mass leaders in the congress even as his party loses ground across the country.
power punchgot his way in the party after threatening to leave and form his own outfit.
it led to the ousting of partap singh bajwa, a rahul appointee, from the pcc chief post.
what nextfrom tackling the drug menace to the farm crisis, the new chief minister has several challenges in his second stint at the helm in the border state.
by the way:apart from being an author of several books on military history, amarinder loves gardening.
21.
venkaiah naidu, 67union minister, i&b, urban development(rank 2016: 37)whyamong the most vocal in narendra modis cabinet, naidu handles the ministry of information and broadcasting and the ministry of urban development, which is overseeing the pms ambitious smart cities project.
naidu continues to have the faith of the party and the prime minister, whom he promotes at every opportunity, defining modi as making of developed india.
power punchafter the bjps resounding victory in uttar pradesh, naidu was chosen as the observer from delhi in the panel to elect the chief minister.
as rumours abound that yogi adityanath threatened to walk out with a large number of mlas if not elected the cm, naidu is one of the few who knows what really happened.
what nextwith defence minister manohar parrikar back in goa and the presidential election coming up, naidu may be in the fray for a promotion, one way or the other.
by the waythroughout his career, naidu has had narrow escapes in nine aircraft mishaps, involving helicopters and aircrafts.
22.
krishna gopal, 61joint secretary (sahsarkaryavah), rss(rank 2016: 69)whyas the rss in-charge of the bjp, he is the official liason between the two.
the up native also helped galvanise swayamsevaks for the recent assembly elections.
as mentor of samkalp, a delhi-based rss coaching institute for the civil services exam, he is the driving force behind the sanghs efforts to get those aligned to its ideology into the bureaucracy.
power punchis privy to most major political decisions at the centre.
what nexthas been looking to have more hold over the politics of up but faces a challenge from fellow sahsarkaryavah dattatreya hosabale, who is senior to him and whose base is in lucknow these days.
was also kept in the dark on the decision to appoint yogi adityanath as up cm.
by the wayprefers gur (jaggery) as dessert.
23.
vasundhara raje, 64chief minister, rajasthan(rank 2016: 22)whycontinues to remain the bjps most powerful and popular face in rajasthan.
with the lalit modi controversy and the mining scam case firmly behind her, raje has managed to hold her ground in the state despite frequent demands for quota by the gurjars and a fractious relationship with the rss and its affiliates.
power punchraje has managed to quell the rebellion within the party  five-time bjp mla ghanshyam tiwari had publicly urged the central leadership to remove her  and emerge on top.
what nextwith polls to the state assembly due next year, all eyes will be on whether she manages to repeat her 2013 feat in the face of anti-incumbency.
by the wayraje has been presenting the state budget on march 8 for a couple of years now.
besides being international womens day, it is also her birthday.
24.
nripendra misra, 72principal secretary to the prime minister(rank 2016: 39)whyeyebrows were raised in may 2014 when modi promulgated an ordinance to appoint the retired up cadre ias officer as his principal secretary.
however, misra has proved his worth and remains one of the two most powerful people in the current administration.
in all policy matters and cabinet decisions, misras inputs play a key role, be it the jan dhan scheme, subsidies or the ujjawala scheme.
power punchthe pms pet project on rural housing saw misra oversee the rural development ministry successfully complete the target of 33 lakh houses for this financial year.
what nextwith polls done, he will push for deliveries on key reforms, including disinvestment.
by the waymisra likes to take a walk at 5.
30 am and listen to his favourite singer, geeta dutt, before sleeping.
25.
subramanian swamy, 77bjp leader(rank 2016: 90)whythere is no telling who the pugnacious bjp leader will choose as the target of his swipes  the gandhi family, p chidambaram, raghuram rajan, or even party colleague arun jaitley.
after his nomination to the rajya sabha, swamy served a notice for a discussion in the house on the agustawestland helicopter deal.
power punchhis twitter tirade against jaitley left the party squirming, but he came out unscathed.
what nextwith bjp in power in up, he is actively pursuing the ram temple matter in the supreme court.
by the wayhis wife roxna has just written a biography of her husband, which every publisher approached has been too timid to publish.
as a result, she has decided to publish it herself.
26.
p k mishra, 67additional principal secretary to pm(rank 2016:32)whyif nripendra misra is modis policy person, pk mishra, nicknamed pk, is the man for governance.
unlike the flamboyant misra, pk is a behind-the-scenes operator.
considered more powerful than even union ministers, he was principal secretary to modi in gujarat till 2004.
known to come down hard on officers who do not meet the pms expectations.
power punchbe it the powerful cabinet committee on appointments or appointing heads to psus, mishra has the last word.
what nextmishras understanding of grassroots conditions and the agriculture sector are assets at a time when the modi government is reaching out to farmers and the poorer sections.
by the waymishra is often seen in half-sleeved shirts, even in high-profile meetings.
27.
ravi shankar prasad, 63union minister, law and justice(new entry)whybecause he made a comeback into the top echelons of the government in the july 2016 reshuffle, getting back the prestigious law and justice portfolio.
he is also the bjps go-to man for hard-selling the governments or the partys point of view.
power punchgetting the supreme court collegium to agree to yield to most of the contentious clauses in the draft memorandum of procedure (mop), over which the previous cji, ts thakur, and the government had disagreed.
what nextworking with the higher judiciary to fill the large number of vacancies in the high courts.
by the wayprasad likes to return home from wherever he is travelling in india, and clears pending files late in the night.
28.
prakash javadekar, 66human resource development minister(new entry)whyunder him, the hrd ministry has managed to keep away from controversies.
in the last six months, he has resolved all differences between his ministry and the prime ministers office and expedited decisions regarding the iim bill.
that apart, javadekar has worked on clearing the backlog of appointments and pushed ugc to approve regulations on setting up world-class institutions,which is the prime ministers pet education project.
power punchamong the bjps biggest gains in the recently concluded assembly elections was in manipur, where javadekar was the party in-charge.
what nextas hrd minister, javadekars next big assignment is to revamp the university grants commission.
by the wayloves listening to music.
often plays songs on his tablet while working.
29.
s jaishankar, 62foreign secretary(rank 2016: 33)whyhandled mea in the absence of the minister; is the brains trust for foreign affairs in pmo.
power punchreached out to key members of the trump administration.
what nextcracking the ice with pakistan and warming up to washington.
by the waymet ajit doval only once before he became foreign secretary.
30.
dharmendra pradhan, 47union minister for petroleum and natural gas(new entry)whyseen as an alternative to chief minister naveen patnaik.
his ministry handed out lpg connections in up.
he also shares credit for the bjps sweep in state assembly elections.
the prime minister has praised him for pushing his development agenda.
power punchdespite bjds grip over odisha, pradhan led state bjp to a victory in februarys zila parishad polls.
what nextseen as the best bet in odisha, pradhan aims to take on the bjd in next years polls.
by the waywhile travelling, pradhan packs his own luggage.
31.
general bipin rawat, 59army chief(new entry)whygeneral rawat speaks his mind  he justified the sahayak system, warned soldiers against taking to social media to air grievances, and re-invoked the cold start doctrine.
power punchhe doesnt hold back on any subject  he declared public supporters of kashmir militants be treated as enemies, for example.
what nexthe will have to resolve the turf war between the army and the government over the implementation of the pay commission recommendations.
by the waycarries a basic nokia model phone and answers calls himself.
32.
virat kohli, 28captain, indian cricket team(rank 2016: 42)whythe only batsman to average over 50 in all three forms of the game, the bradman-esque kohli is now also the captain in all three cricketing formats.
power punchbecame the first batsman after bradman to score double centuries in four successive series.
became the first indian sportsperson to sign a rs 100 crore endorsement deal with a single brand  puma.
what nextkohlis all-conquering indian team now heads to foreign shores with a quest to set their away record straight.
plus, the team will have to defend the champions trophy.
by the wayhas a pet beagle called bruno.
33.
arvind kejriwal, 48delhi chief minister(rank 2016: 8)whydrops 25 places after less-than-expected gains in punjab, a failure in goa.
but his brand of urban politics, stressing on schools and hospitals for the poor, is setting the trend for other states.
power punchdoesnt shy away from speaking his mind, even if it means taking on the pm.
was the first one, with mamata, to slam demonetisation.
what nextmunicipal elections in delhi and assembly elections in gujarat, where he wants aap to enter the house.
by the waysince his last nature treatment in bangalore, he has given up instant noodles for home-cooked food.
34.
raman singh, 64chief minister, chhattisgarh(rank 2016: 45)whyhes been cm for 14 years and counting.
power punchshunted out srp kalluri and met activist bela bhatia after she was threatened.
announced 45 lakh smartphones to the poor.
what next2018 assembly elections.
by the waybegins the day with a glass of mattha.
35.
ghulam nabi azad, 67leader of opposition in rajya sabha(rank 2016: 28)whythe gandhi familys go-to man, azad has a soft demeanour and political skills, which have come in handy to forge opposition unity in the rajya sabha.
power punchhe was the instinctive choice of the gandhis when poll strategist prashant kishor reportedly wanted madhusudan mistry removed as uttar pradesh polls in-charge.
what nexthas the tricky task of keeping the opposition united in the rajya sabha.
by the wayhe likes to play golf.
the lawn at his official residence turns into a mini golf course once in a while.
36.
mehbooba mufti, 57chief minister, jammu & kashmir(rank 2016: 14)whyas cm of jammu and kashmir and with her party, the pdp, in a coalition with the bjp, she has, as her predecessor omar abdullah said recently, the most difficult job in india to handle.
power punchover the last six months, she has tightened her grip on the party by elevating several members of the mufti clan to the top posts.
what nextshe has to walk a tightrope between her basic political instincts and the demands of her coalition partner.
summer in the restive valley is her challenge.
by the waya fitness enthusiast, she has a gym at her srinagar residence.
37.
himanta biswa sarma, 48cabinet minister, assam convenor neda(new entry)whyone of the key figures behind bjps stunning victory in the 2016 assam elections.
he was also appointed convenor of the north-east democratic alliance (neda).
power punchhis neda engineered the first bjp government in arunachal pradesh by getting the entire congress to defect to the party.
what nextbuilding on the bjps growing footprint in the northeast.
by the waysarma is also a writer.
his two books, samagata samay (2014) and anya ek dristikon (2016), have run into several editions.
38.
siddaramaiah, 68chief minister, karnataka(rank 2016: 54)whythe cm  having joined the party just over a decade ago  has been able to shrug off allegations of corruption and remains the unchallenged leader of the congress party in the state.
power punchfollowing the sc orders in 2016 to release cauvery waters to tamil nadu, he defused tensions by co-opting opposition parties in the crisis resolution process.
what nextassembly elections in 2018  the polls will be a test of his governance.
by the waysiddaramaiah did not go to school until he was 10 years old, but was the first person from his village to get a bachelors degree.
39.
arvind subramanian, 57chief economic adviser(rank 2016: 38)whyproposed the public sector asset rehabilitation agency to tackle banks non-performing assets.
was also behind the universal basic income proposal in the economic survey this year.
power punchwith standard & poors ruling out an upgrade in the countrys rating, citing indias low per capita gdp, he slammed rating agencies for their inconsistent and poor standards.
what nexthis idea of universal basic income was supported by arun jaitley, who hopes to introduce it next year.
by the wayhe is fond of american literature.
40.
ram madhav, 52general secretary, bjp(rank 2016: 70)whyafter turning the tide for the bjp in assam and j&k, madhav has now delivered manipur for the party, despite not getting a majority in the state.
he is considered to be among the few to have direct access to both the pm and rss chief mohan bhagwat.
power punchhis manipur strategy pushed the partys tally from a mere two to 21 seats in the state assembly.
what nextmadhavs next stop is meghalaya.
known as the general secretary with the midas touch, he is seen by many as a successor to amit shah, if the latter moves to gujarat.
by the wayan avid reader, he has over 4,000 books in his personal library.
41.
urjit patel, 53governor, reserve bank of india(new entry)whyas the rbi governor, he steers banking and monetary policies which influence the countrys economy.
the rbis decision to approve demonetisation, however, came under criticism, with patel, a low-profile and media-shy governor, also facing flak for not communicating its policies to the public.
power punchthe rbi board cleared the demonetisation proposal within two months of patels elevation as governor in september 2016.
what nextwill have to tackle inflation and boost growth at the same time, while bringing down bad loans.
details on demonetisation are yet to be announced.
by the waypatel was born in kenya, where his father owned a spare parts business.
42.
lalu prasad, 70rjd chief(rank 2016: 26)whylalu prasads rjd holds equal weight in the ruling alliance in bihar.
he continues to command support of his core muslim-yadav vote base.
power punchduring the uttar pradesh elections, lalu made it evident that he did not want nitish to be part of any alliance against mulayam singh yadav.
the jd(u) eventually didnt contest.
what nexthis obvious goal is to see his son, the deputy cm tejashwi prasad yadav, as bihar chief minister.
his perfect political proposition appears to be to have nitish at the centre and his son in bihar.
by the waylalu prasad tells his social media managers to keep his posts raw and rustic.
43.
mukul rohatgi, 61attorney general of india(new entry)whyafter presidents rule in uttarakhand and arunachal pradesh, the centres top law officer has bounced back.
he got the sc to offer a sympathetic ear to the centres arguments in cases such as demonetisation and aadhaar.
power punchhis reappointment when his term ends in june is considered a certainty.
what nextlikely to assist the apex court in two important cases: aadhaar and the assam citizenship law.
by the wayhe loves expensive cars and is known to own many.
44.
fali s nariman, 88constitutional jurist(rank 2016: 48)whycontinues to be one of the most respected voices in the supreme court.
often appointed as the amicus curiae in many cases.
power punchdespite the scs wish, he stayed away from the matter of bcci reforms.
what nextassisting the sc in deciding whether a state and persons holding public offices could make statements about a crime which may affect the morale of the victim and has a negative impact on society.
by the wayadmits that as far as zoroastrianism is concerned, his son, justice rohington nariman, is more knowledgable than him.
45.
pinarayi vijayan, 73chief minister, kerala(new entry)whyis the undisputed leader of the cpi (m) in the state, where its called the pinarayi vijayan government rather than an ldf one.
power punchdespite staunch opposition from right-wing organisations, vijayan went ahead and addressed a communal harmony rally in mangalore in february.
what nextvijayan will have to prove his mettle as an able administrator.
nine months into his tenure, the government has been hit by law and order issues.
by the wayfond of films, he is a big fan of action movies.
46.
ramdev, 51yoga guru(rank 2016: 27)whypatanjali is the most influential swadeshi brand today and as its he-ad, ramdev serves a popular mix of yoga, hindu nationalism and fmcg.
he frequently steps into politics and hobnobs with the most powerful men in the current establishment.
power punchhas expanded his business from rs 2,000 crore in 2014 to rs 5,000 crore now.
his naturopathy centre in haridwar, inaugurated by arun jaitley, is now a vvip facility, charging up to rs 50,000 per day.
what nextto get his business to touch the rs 1 lakh crore mark.
by the waypatanjali outlets are there even in areas such as dandakaranya.
47.
vinod rai, 68chairman, bcci committee of administrators(new entry)whyhe had an eventful stint under the upa as cag.
in the nda government, he has been brought in to fix psu banks, and is now working to implement structural reforms in the way cricket is run in the country.
power punchhe reported abnormal increase in expenditure at padmanabh-aswamy temple and missing gold valued at rs 186 crore that stunned the travancore royal family.
what nextthe reforms in cricket from the top body to different state cricket associations would be his immediate focus.
by the wayhe likes trekking in the hills.
48.
chandrababu naidu, 66chief minister, andhra pradesh(rank 2016: 44)whysince the 2014 bifurcation, naidu has led and built andhra pradesh from scratch.
his land pooling strategy for the new capital, amaravati, is now considered a model for land acquisition.
power punchdespite a resource crunch and the centre refusing to award the state special category status, naidu went ahead with amaravatis construction.
what nextestablishing visakhapatnam as an it hub to rival hyderabad.
by the wayhe loves yellow shirts  the party colour  and always carries at least three crisp ironed shirts with him wherever he goes.
49.
ratan tata, 79chairman emeritus, tata sons(rank 2016: 35)whymanaged to oust cyrus mistry as tata sons chairman, after expressing unhappiness over his management style and functioning.
power punchmistry, whose family is the largest single party shareholder in tata sons, was later removed from boards of various group companies and tata trust.
what nexttata will now have to ensure that there is stability at the top or investor confidence in group companies may decline.
by the wayother than automobiles and aviation, tata also has aninterest in scuba diving and architectural design.
50.
mayawati, 61president, bahujan samaj party(rank 2016: 30)whydespite her partys poor performance in the up assembly elections, mayawati remains a prominent voice among bjps opponents.
power punchher allegations saying tampering of evms was the reason for bjps victory have now been backed by other parties.
mayawati has also said she would move courts for an inquiry.
what nextwith the bsps tally in the assembly now reduced to just 19 seats, she must keep her party united in the face of criticism.
she is also likely to lose her berth in the rajya sabha next year and would need the support of either the sp or the bjp to get re-elected.
by the waydrafts her own speeches and press statements.
the union cabinet on wednesday approved a pared-down modified special incentive package meant to boost electronics manufacturing by cutting down the application window by about one and a half year to december 31, 2018, and capping the outflow at rs 10,000 crore.
(source: express photo) the union cabinet on wednesday approved a pared-down modified special incentive package meant to boost electronics manufacturing by cutting down the application window by about one and a half year to december 31, 2018, and capping the outflow at rs 10,000 crore.
(source: express photo)the union cabinet on wednesday approved a pared-down modified special incentive package meant to boost electronics manufacturing by cutting down the application window by about one and a half year to december 31, 2018, and capping the outflow at rs 10,000 crore.
we have on wednesday amended msips scheme.
now, proposals under msips will be accepted till december 2018.
incentives of rs 10,000 crore have been allowed.
if investment is more than of usd 1 billion, then a high-powered committee presided by the cabinet secretary will approve it, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters on wednesday.
watch what else is in the newsunder the scheme, the applications will be received up to december 31, 2018, or till such time that an incentive commitment of rs 10,000 crore is reached, whichever is earlier, an official statement said.
the previous amendment in msips in august 2015 had extended the scheme till july 27, 2020.
the cabinet, however, has decided to review the decision on further financial commitments in case the incentive commitment of rs 10,000 crore is reached.
for new approvals, the incentive will be available from the date of approval of a project and not from the date of receipt of application.
the cabinet has also halved the period of investment from 10 years to five years to avail incentives.
the incentives will be available for investments made within 5 years from the date of approval of the project, the statement said.
a unit receiving such benefits under the scheme will provide an undertaking to remain in commercial production for at least 3 years.
a government official said the idea behind the new changes is to get serious players in and expedite the projects.
however, the government has decided to give approval in time-bound manner to applicants which will be within 120 days of submission of the complete application.
investments above rs 6,850 crore will be cleared by a high powered committee.
a separate committee headed by the cabinet secretary and comprising ceo, niti aayog, expenditure secretary and meity secretary will be set up in respect of mega projects, envisaging more than rs 6,850 crore (around usd 1 billion) investments, the statement said.
an official source said the cabinet secretary-headed panel will decide whether the incentives for the projects being screened by it should be provided within the rs 10,000 crore limit or considered separately.
in july 2012, the cabinet had approved m-sips to provide a special incentive package to promote large scale manufacturing in the electronic system design and manufacturing (esdm) sector.
the scheme provides subsidy for capital expenditure  20 per cent for investments in special economic zones (sezs) and 25 per cent in non-sezs.
it has attracted investments in the esdm sector to the tune of rs 1,26,838 crore, of which investments of around rs 17,997 crore have been approved by the ministry of electronics and it.
dmk leader tiruchi siva argued that the government could enroll volunteers for election duty or summon retired teachers.
dmk leader tiruchi siva argued that the government could enroll volunteers for election duty or summon retired teachers.
should teachers be put on election duty?
a number of opposition mps in the rajya sabha on friday argued for exempting teachers from election duties, while minister of state for law and justice p p choudhary tied himself in knots by asserting that, in his opinion, not just teachers but students also should be enrolled for election work.
rajya sabha saw an extensive discussion on the issue, thanks to a private members bill brought by dmk member tiruchi siva seeking a constitutional amendment to ensure exemption for teachers.
watch what else is making newssivas contention  that enrolment of teachers for election duty was disrupting academic schedules  received wide support.
he pointed to the already stressed teaching environment, claiming that government figures showed that more than 9 lakh teaching posts at various levels were vacant in the country.
deputy chairman p j kurien wanted to check with the government whether these numbers were accurate.
not finding any minister from the mhrd, he asked junior foreign minister m j akbar to convey the dismay of the house to the government.
students are suffering because of lack of teachers and teaching hours then they are given all sorts of non-academic tasks including election duties, siva said.
he argued that the government could enroll volunteers for election duty or summon retired teachers.
viplove thakur and anand bhaskar of the congress, la ganesan of the bjp, and some others supported the suggestion.
but aiadmk members a navaneethakrishnan and vijila sathyananth argued against it, saying the disruption was for a short period.
minister choudhary argued that election duty must not be seen as wastage of time but considered part of the education process.
it should be considered national service as mentioned in article 51 a of the constitution, he said.
learning about democracy is part of a students education.
not just teachers, students should also be encouraged to participate in elections, he said.
his senior, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, intervened.
he said the government appreciated the concern of the members that teachers should devote all their time to academic activities.
he said he would convey the sentiments to the election commission.
