this story is from february 3, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: the state government would set up five hotspots in each panchayat to provide high-speed internet facility to people in every village and habitation.
addressing an event at gyan bhavan here after cm nitish kumar laid the foundation stone of expansion of the software technology park of india (stpi)s incubation centre in patna , deputy cm sushil kumar modi said three out of the five hotspots would be established at government buildings like schools, one at panchayat bhavan and one at the busiest place in the area.
nitish urged union electronics and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad to use his office to ensure big-ticket investments in hardware sector in bihar.
big companies in hardware sector can come to bihar at your request.
take some initiatives so that mobile phone manufacturing companies come to the state, nitish said.
modi said optical fibres had already been laid in 6,105 panchayats to provide high-speed broadband internet services.
in the second phase, the optical fibres would be laid in the rest 2,692 panchayats under 180 blocks at the cost of rs700 crore.
the optical fibre laying work in all panchayats would be completed by june 2019, he said.
the deputy cm also said the high-speed internet services were being provided by opening common service centres (cscs) at 700 panchayat bhavans across the state.
the csc would start functioning in another 5,200 panchayat bhavans in the next two months.
each csc is being provided rs3,000 per month for upkeep of the optical fibre and rs500 per month for electricity, modi said, adding a budgetary provision of rs43 crore has been made for this work.
he also said all the 101 sub-divisions and 534 block offices were being interlinked through mpls network under the bihar statewide area network (biswan) project at the cost of rs473 crore.
besides, a state data centre is being established at the cost of rs351 crore.
a disaster recovery centre is being established at a cost of rs30 crore for protection of our data from cyber attack, modi said.
he also revealed that the state government has provided free-of-cost three acre prime land to the stpi in patna for expansion of its incubation centre.
out of the total expansion cost of rs53 crore, bihar government is providing its matching share of rs26 crore.
he said, a g+6 building would be constructed at the stpi centre in pataliputra industrial area in the next 2 years.
he said the state government has also provided 58 acre land to the centre for setting up information technology park at bihta and two acre land for setting up stpi centres at darbhanga and bhagalpur.
new delhi: the government plans a massive digital push across the country and said the 2.
9 lakh common service centres (csc) spread across various states would be able to work as business correspondents for banks.
a host of services related to governance, health, education and digital literacy will be provided through the centres.
addressing around 3,000 village-level entrepreneurs (vle) from across the country, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said: all wi-fi choupals will become knowledge centres in india.
in the age of technology, information is power.
now, no villager needs to go to cities for availing various services, as the same can be availed through cscs.
minister of finance, railways and coal piyush goyal said plans seek to make cscs business correspondents.
the expansion of digital technology in our country will add 5  more growth in our gdp.
csc has the potential to change the social fabric of the country, goyal said.
the it railway ministries on monday signed an agreement to allow ticket bookings through cscs.
the centre is pushing for employment through cscs which will get internet facilities through the bharat net as well as private operators.
this story is from january 1, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: a determined opposition on monday thwarted the passage of the bill to make triple talaq or instant divorce among muslims punishable, putting the focus on what bjp might now do to ensure the potency of what is expected to be one of its campaign themes for 2019 polls.
the united opposition prevented the legislation from being taken up in rajya sabha as the non-nda benches insisted that it be referred to the select committee.
the upper house was adjourned for the day within the first hour in the post lunch session as both sides accused each other of doing politics over the issue.
the lok sabha passed the bill on thursday by a large majority of 245-11 after an opposition walkout.
but the governments lack of a majority and the banding together of almost all non-nda parties blocked the bill in rajya sabha.
there were indications that the government may not be keen to drop the ball all together, triggering speculation whether it has a plan b ready.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad pressed for a discussion saying, we (government) want a discussion on this very important bill here and are open to listening to suggestions that the opposition may want to give.
yahan par insaniyat aur manaviyata ka sawaal hai.
(this issue pertains to humanity).
he pointed out that despite the supreme court order striking down triple talaq as unconstitutional and an ordinance, triple talaq continues to take place.
this is why this bill is important, he said.
leader of the opposition ghulam nabi azad argued that because the bill is very crucial and it required scrutiny, the views of members should be respected.
he claimed that more than half of the mps belonging to several parties have demanded that the bill be sent to a select committee.
azad said that traditionally bills of such significance are either sent to the standing committee or select committee but the government has failed to do so.
the oppositions demands over the bill on based on a resolution passed by the trinamool congress.
patna: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (bjp), bashistha narain singh and mahendra prasad alias king mahendra (jdu), manoj jha and mohammad ashfaque karim (rjd) akhilesh prasad singh (congress) were declared elected unopposed to the rajya sabha on thursday.
thursday was the last date for the withdrawal of names.
state assembly secretary ram shreshtha rai gave them the certificates as no seventh candidate had filed nomination papers.
king mahendra entered the rajya sabha seventh time while it is the fourth term for ravishankarprasad and third term for bashistha.
akhilesh, jha and karim are making their debut in the upper house.
rjd and congress have been the main gainers at the cost of jd(u) and bjp.
for, among the six seats that had fallen vacant, four belonged to jd(u) and two to bjp.
it is good that they get the consolation prize and we the main prize!
he also said bjp would look into the causes of the partys losses in gorakhpur, phulpur and araria byelections.
congresss akhilesh said it was his first election to the rajya sabha, which would add to his responsibility to reinvigorate the party in bihar.
he avoided the question regarding continuance of state congress acting president kaukab quadri.
the question is outside my domain, he said.
manoj jha said he would place the partys line and thought forcefully in the rajya sabha.
this story is from december 26, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lucknow/new delhi: an all-india judicial service, with an entrance exam conducted by the upsc, could provide reservation for scheduled castes and tribes which would help create a pool of trained judicial officers from the deprived sections and improve the judiciary's representative character, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has said.
while an all-india judicial service with an exam-based intake at the entry level has been proposed in the past and prasad has spoken on the need for the judiciary to be more representative, the minister referred to sc/st quotas at the entry level in judicial services at a function organised by the all india lawyers board in lucknow on monday.
the minister told toi on tuesday, the judicial services examination, if conducted by the union public service commission, can be on the lines of the intake for the civil services where there is reservation for scs and sts.
those selected can be allotted states to serve in and reservation will create opportunities for well-trained judicial officers from deprived sections who will, over time, rise to higher positions.
the minister did not mention reservation for other backward classes, but going by the upsc model for all-india civil services, there would be provision for obcs as well in keeping with the supreme court-mandated implementation of the mandal commission 's recommendations.
a well organised judicial service can attract talent from our law schools and young, well-informed judicial officers at the level of additional district judge will make a difference.
as adjs and district judges, they can help make the judicial system move faster and more efficiently, prasad said.
food and consumer affairs minister ram vilas paswan said the move to introduce a judicial service with provision for reservations for weaker sections was welcome and would meet a long-pending demand.
though prasad has brought up the need for an all-india judicial service to address the vacancies and expansion of lower courts, the judicial and legal fraternity has been lukewarm to the proposal.
the minister's fresh push comes at a time when the centre has been seeking a breakthrough on the memorandum of procedure (mop) for appointment of judges to constitutional courts.
the mop has been stuck over the higher judiciary's reluctance to accept a screening committee for candidates and the inclusion of 'national security' as a ground for the centre to reject a candidate proposed by the collegiums.
the government has also been unhappy with the supreme court's decision not to take up cases like the babri masjid-ram janmabhoomi title suit expeditiously while disposing of contentious issues like entry of women of a certain age to the sabarimala shrine, de-criminalising gay sex and making triple talaq illegal.
new delhi: the cabinet committee on economic affairs (ccea) on friday approved the listing of six state-run companies on the stock exchanges, and in one public sector company the government will dilute its stake through a follow-on public offer (fpo).
listing of psus will encourage investor participation in state-run companies.
it will help psus to unlock potential and value, it and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
telecommunication consultants (india), railtel corporation india, national seed corporation india, tehri hydro development corporation, water & power consultancy services, and fci aravali gypsum & minerals (india) are the companies that will go for ipos.
kudremukh iron ore company (kiocl) will come out with an fpo.
the scope of eligibility criteria for listing of psus has been expanded.
those with a positive net worth and net profit in any of the immediately three preceding financial years shall be eligible for listing on the stock exchanges, the government said.
the alternative mechanism, or the group of ministers comprising the finance minister, road transport & shipping minister and the administrative minister, has been empowered to decide on extent, mode of disinvestment , pricing, time of listed psus  including state-run firms  to be listed in future, a government statement said.
the government has been looking at listing of psus to garner resources.
but, choppy markets may prompt the government to hold back for now.
* complete bandh in jalandhar, phagwara, nawanshahr and other parts of doaba region.
even smaller commercial establishments remain closed.
several dalit organisations have called for a 'bandh' on monday expressing concerns over the alleged dilution of scs/sts (prevention of atrocities) act following which the punjab government has ordered the suspension of bus services and mobile internet services.
stay with us for the live updates:* ghaziabad: all schools and colleges, except schools conducting board examinations to remain closed tomorrow following protests over sc/st protection act(ani)* class xth and xiith exams were conducted smoothly today as per schedule across the country amidst the call for bharat bandh : cbse(ani)* one more death reported in gwalior, madhya pradesh, toll reaches nine.
* one more death reported in uttar pradesh.
death toll reaches eight.
* all schools in agra from class 1 to class 12, except those conducting board examinations to remain shut tomorrow in lieu of protests over sc/st protection act today: ani* railway traffic has been restored at jaipur- delhi and delhi-jaipur route, trains like delhi- jaipur double decker and aashram coming to jaipur as usual.
the traffic was restored at 18.
30 pm onwards, says tarun jain, chief public relations officer and dgm (finance), nwr.
* delhi- jaipur and jaipur-delhi rail route closed till 18.
30 hours by the railway authorities.
they will review damages before ordering for restoration of train traffic on the route probably from 20.
00 hours* bjp government failed to ensure proper security arrangements to maintain law and order during the bharat bandh; govt failed to win people's trust on the issue, says rajasthan congress chief sachin pilot* rajasthan: bandh supporters loot vehicle carrying food stuff in jodhpur under guise of protest.
*the government of india has advised all states to maintain law and order and we are ready to provide assistance to any state that may require so, says home minister rajnath singh.
* 448 people detained in up in incidents of violence during bandh called by dalit groups, says praveen kumar dig, law and order(pti)* a man was killed in muzaffarnagar district during protest.
three seriously injured include one shopkeeper who was shot at in hapur district.
dig law and order said that scope of probes would include finding out if the violence was planned in advance by some people.
* 1 dead, 3 seriously injured & around 35 have suffered minor injuries during #bharatbandh.
there'll be an inquiry on people spreading rumors on social media.
detained 448 people for legal action.
only 10  of state was disrupted, there was peace in 90  of area: dig, law & order, up (ani)* 35-40 policemen and 30-35 protesters injured in violence during bandh, says up dig, law and order, praveen kumar (pti)* 7 buses of rsrtc were set on fire near hindaun city in karauli, 18 buses were damaged and more than 1400 were halted during the bandh in rajasthan* ranchi police resorted to lathi charge at ranchi womens college when a group of protesting students tried to enter into the college to forcibly bring out students to participate in the procession and shun classes.
* following is the list of the five people who have been killed during the dalit protest in madhya pradesh:rakesh jatav, 45, gwaliordeepak singh, 26, gwaliormahaveer rajavat, 35, bhindakash mehgaon, bhindrahul pathak, 25, morena* law and order returning to normalcy at most places; cases will be registered against those who indulged in violence, says rajasthan dgp o p galhotra* up cm yogi adityanath appeals for peace, says that when the centre and state government have filed a review petition in the supreme court, there is no need for violence in the name of bharat bandh.
* the fundamental intent of the scheduled caste and scheduled tribe (prevention of atrocities) act should be preserved, said delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal while extending aam aadmi party's support to the protesting dalit groups.
* five people have been killed in madhya pradesh, three of them from gwalior.
* mob surrounds and thrashes mahendra chowdhary, a sub inspector in jodhpur.
he has been admitted to the icu for treatment.
* death toll rises to five in madhya pradesh.
* strict action should be taken against those who spread violence during the protests, says bsp chief mayawati (ani)* i support the protest against the sc/st act.
i have got to know that some people spread violence during the protests, i strongly condemn it.
our party is not behind the violence during the protests: bsp chief mayawati* police lathicharge protesters in haryana's yamunanagar: ani*internet services banned indefinitely in rajasthan's jaisalmer, jalore, sirohi, pali and jodhpur rural areas.
* seven tear gas shells lobbed so far in gujarat's sarangpur after mobs resort to stone pelting on police.
* a youth named pawan kumar dies in police firing in rajasthan's alwar.
* ban imposed on internet services along with bulk sms, mms in barmer.
ban to be in place till 8pm on april 3.
* four persons were killed and several injured during indiscriminate firing by a group of people following violent protests that erupted in madhya pradeshs gwalior, bhind, morena, sagar, balaghat and satna districts in support of 'bharat bandh' called by dalit organisations across the country against a recent supreme court ruling diluting the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act 1989.
* bharat bandh : section 144 imposed in barmer, hindaun in karauli district of rajasthan* delhi police is alert.
we have adequate police deployment at places & senior officials are also present in the field.
all steps will be taken to maintain law & order: deependra pathak, spokesperson, delhi police on bharat bandh over sc/st protection act* protesters block various chowks and road in ludhiana, including national highway- 1 near ludhiana-jalandhar bypass* we have filed the review petition in supreme court.
i appeal to all political parties & groups to maintain peace and not incite violence: union home minister rajnath singh* police resorted to lathicharge on a mob in bhavnagar protesting against supreme court directive on sc/st act* brts services in ahmedabad suspended temporarily after over 15 buses vandalized in the city.
a number of bus tyres were also flattened by protesters, who were agitating against supremecourt directivd against sc/st act* bharat bandh protest over sc/st protection act: one dead in morena, curfew imposed in the area of madhya pradesh* bharat bandh over sc/st protection act: curfew imposed in parts of gwalior & section 144 (prohibits assembly of more than 4 people in the area) imposed in sagar.
#madhyapradesh* centre files review petition against supreme court verdict on sc & st act* jignesh mevani said they will not allow any bjp leader to touch baba saheb ambedkar's statue across the country on april 14 if the union government does not challenge the supreme court order.
* i wish to convey that today we've filed a petition on the judgement by supreme court on the sc/st act.
we have filed a comprehensive review petition which will be presented before the court by the senior lawyers of the government: ravishankarprasad prasad, union law minister* the central & state govts are dedicated towards the welfare of backward castes, sc & st.
i appeal to all to not disturb the law & order.
if at all there are any issues you can bring them to govt's notice: up cm yogi adityanath* scuffle between protesters and police in ranchi* gujarat: stones pelted at a government-run bus in botad* rajpura: dalit activists block tahli wala chowk in rajpura.
almost complete band in patiala.
* madhavpura market in ahmedabad totally shut because of bandh call given by dalit protestors.
* dalit protest: over five companies of state reserve police deployed in different parts of ahmedabad along with the local police to prevent any untoward incident.
city police is on alert since 8 am today.
* dalit protest: routes of at least 10 amts buses diverted after reports of vandalism on ahmedabad roads* dalit groups to gather at sarangpur area of ahmedabad to protest against the observations made by a supreme court bench regarding sc/st atrocity (prevention) act.
* vadgam mla and dalit leader jignesh mevani has pledged support to the bharat bandh called by dalit leaders and activists to show their disagreement with the supreme courts decision making investigation by a dsp-level officer mandatory before registering a case under the atrocity act.
* hundreds of supporters of the bharat bandh called on sc-st ruling, stop train near tonk phatak in jaipur.
* bharat bandh over sc/st protection act: protesters stop train in punjab's patiala* bharat bandh over sc/st protection act: protesters stop train at forbesganj junction in bihar* there are reasons for the elaborate security arrangements being made in the state in view of the bharat bandh.
punjab has highest percentage of dalits than any other state at 31.
9  and though they remain politically and socially fragmented, this issue has clearly united them.
bharat bandh over sc/st protection act: different groups including cpiml activists protest in bihar's arrah, block a train* amid mounting criticism and strike calls, the centre will file a petition on monday seeking review of the supreme court judgment diluting the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989.
* the cbse has postponed class 12 and class 10 examinations scheduled to be held today in punjab at the request of the state government in view of 'bharat bandh' called by several dalit organisations against the alleged dilution of the scs/sts (prevention of atrocities) act.
new delhi: a fortnight after the stunning press conference by four senior-most supreme court judges that laid bare the rift between cji dipak misra and them, two of the four judges shook hands with the cji in public for the first time after the event.
the launch of supreme court bar associations (scba) in-house journal scba times brought the cji and two of the senior judges  justices madan b lokur and kurian joseph  along with other sc judges on a common platform and the cji exchanged greetings with them and shook hands.
however, justices j chelameswar and ranjan gogoi , the two other judges who had revolted against the cji, were not present at the launch.
the cji launched the journal in the presence of law minister ravishankarprasad prasad in the supreme court premises.
the cji and prasad hailed it as a historic moment and said the journal would go a long way in allowing those from the legal fraternity to express their views on issues of national importance.
the minister said the journal would be meaningful even in the present era of online explosion of news.
he added that the platform should be used to discuss national issues and matters like holding simultaneous elections.
scba president and senior advocate vikas singh said a permanent editorial board would be set up to publish the journal and the board would be kept insulated from scba office-bearers.
the journal will be distributed free among the 16,000-odd members of the scba.
lucknow: a day after a man working in uae pronounced triple talaq to his wife in uttar prdaeshs sultanpur through a text message, two more bizarre cases of divorce rocked the state.
while in one case the man divorced his wife to escape from the responsibility of providing treatment to their physically challenged daughter, in second case the victim alleged her dark complexion made her husband end the two-year marriage by pronouncing triple talaq on phone.
sakina bano, a 42-year-old woman in ups gonda district, said her husband mubarak ali called up on saturday from mumbai and divorced her.
she added that mubarak also refused to offer any assistance for the treatment of their physically challenged daughter karishma.
victims father abduul satar said mubarak has been working in mumbai for the past decade seldom pays a visit to bano.
the couple got married 17 years ago and after mubarak left for mumbai, bano  along with karishma came back to her to fathers house.
banos parents alleged her in-laws threatened to kill the duo if she did not arrange the money for her daughters disability.
her family has now approached the gonda police against the illegal termination of the marriage.
an fir was filed in wazirganj police station on saturday.
family said there were at least 16 joint meetings between panchayat members of banos village balharai and alis village charow for reconciliation between the two families before she was divorced.
i will not sit quiet till i get justice for my daughter.
its not easy to bear a child.
my husband owes as much responsibility for her as me and cant leave me in such a way, bano said.
in rampur, another muslim woman amreen alleged that her dark complexion made her husband end their twoyear-old marriage with a phone call announcing talaq three times.
rampur asp sudha singh confirmed that an fir had been registered with charges of matrimonial cruelty under ipc section 498 have been pressed against five members of amreens in-laws.
how do i fight this cruelty?
my own family keeps sending me back to my in-laws while they send me back to my own place, asked amreen.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said earlier this month that there have been 100 such cases of instant triple talaq since the supreme court in august ruled the practice unconstitutional.
bengaluru: the opposition bjp has brought out a 'chargesheet' against the ruling congress government in karnataka over various issues, including alleged failures on law and order front, atrocities against dalits and women, farmers suicide, drug mafia among others.
the other charges mentioned in it were killings of hindutva activists and poor infrastructure in the city.
releasing three booklets, union minister for law and information and technology, ravishankarprasad prasad said the karnataka government has nothing to show to the public when it seeks votes from them for the may 12 assembly elections.
speaking to reporters here yesterday, he noted, let me tell siddaramaiah that you have not even four-five outstanding areas of achievements which you can convey (to the public).
.
.
you go everywhere (portraying) a negative bjp and negative yeddyurappa.
the union minister said the congress was losing its base across india due to mis-governance.
the record of the congress is that it could not win a single seat in tripura or a single seat in nagaland - a traditional pro-congress bastion for the last 70 years.
congress could not perform in nagaland and meghalaya.
nagaland has 88 per cent christian population, he said.
on the other hand, bjp is in power in 15 states while its allies are chief ministers in seven states, prasad said.
state bjp chief b s yeddyurappa said the siddaramaiah government has pushed karnataka behind by at least 20 years in terms of development due to crumbling infrastructure and pathetic law and order situation in the state.
bengaluru: union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said he is personally not in favour of linking aadhaar card with electoral photo identity cards (epic) of voters as the two serve different purposes.
im not saying this as an it minister.
if you ask me, my personal opinion is aadhaar should not be linked with voter id card, prasad said at an interactive session  bengaluru it global: road ahead  with it professionals.
replying to a query on why the centre was not planning to link aadhaar with voter ids, the minister said the government was not willing to face the accusation of spying on the people.
if we do this, our detractors will say (pm narendra) modi is snooping on us to know what we eat, which movie we are watching and so on and so forth.
i dont want that to happen, he said.
the epic card has been linked with the web portal of the election commission of india and you will get election-related information such as your polling booth and its address.
aadhaar is not related to this, he said.
having said that, the minister strongly defended the linking of aadhaar to bank accounts, saying it will bring in transparency in reaching the benefits of welfare schemes through direct benefit transfer (dbt).
modis aadhaar is backed by law, ensures securitythere is a clear difference between the aadhaar of modi and the aadhaar of manmohan singh.
manmohan singhs aadhaar had no support of law; modis aadhaar is completely backed by law, and security and privacy are completely ensured, prasad said.
he sought to highlight that over 80 crore cellphoneshave been linked tobank accounts as part of thecentres jam (jan dhan, aadhaar and mobile numbers) trinity.
he said over 31crore jan dhan accounts have been opened and over 120 crore mobileshave been linked toaadhar.
once former pm rajiv gandhi had said that of the one rupee spent by the government for welfare of the downtrodden, only 15 paise reach the needy.
now, if the government sends rs1,000, it directly gets deposited in the bank account of the beneficiary, prasad added.
defending the need of the unique identification number, hesaidaadhaar is the digital identity that supplements the physical identity of people.
if you want to travel by train, you have to buy ticket online for which you have to give data.
if you dont want to give data, then take a bicycle.
if you want to eat at a restaurant, you will get an electronically-generated invoice and people will know what you have eaten.
but the government respects privacy and the data is secure, he said.
amid controversies surrounding cambridge analytica and facebook misusing data for political purposes, the it minister said the government will not tolerateillegal useof data forabuse.
this story is from december 27, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad moved the triple talaq bill for discussion in the lok sabha on thursday.
the government and the opposition had last week reached an understanding to discuss the bill in lok sabha.
here is all you need to know:* the debate on triple talaq bill is turning into a heated one as the congress and other opposition parties are opposing it, saying that it will be a disservice to muslim women * the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018 , seeks to replace an ordinance issued earlier for protecting the rights of married muslim women and prohibiting divorce by pronouncing talaq by their husbands.
* the bill seeks to make the practice of instant triple talaq among muslim men a penal offence.
the fresh bill was introduced in lok sabha on december 17 to replace an ordinance issued in september.
bjp leader vijay goel had said the government is committed to pass the bill, which will benefit millions of muslim women.
* under the proposed law, giving instant triple talaq will be illegal and void, and will attract a jail term of three years for the husband.
* the fresh bill will supersede an earlier bill passed in the lok sabha and pending in the rajya sabha.
the earlier bill was approved by the lower house.
* but amid opposition by some parties in the upper house, the government had then cleared some amendments, including introduction of a provision of bail, to make it more acceptable.
however, as the bill continued to face resistance in the rajya sabha, the government issued an ordinance in september, incorporating the amendments.
* an ordinance has a life of six months.
but from the day a session begins, it has to be replaced by a bill which should be passed by parliament within 42 days (six weeks), else it lapses.
* the government is at liberty to re-promulgate the ordinance if the bill fails to get through parliament.
* citing details of instant triple talaq cases, the government had last week informed lok sabha that till now 430 incidents of triple talaq have come to the notice of the government through the media.
of these, 229 were reported before the supreme court judgement, while another 201 came to the notice after it.
these cases were reported between the period of january 2017 and september 13, 2018.
hyderabad: the advocates association of both telangana and andhra pradesh want the centre to take a speedy decision on the appointment of a permanent chief justice and new judges so that pending 3.
5 lakh cases in the hyderabad hc can be disposed of.
on thursday, they submitted a representation to union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and urged him to appoint a permanent cj for hyderabad hc and also fill up vacancies of judges at the earliest.
telangana hc advocates association president challa damodar reddy and ap hc advocates association president k b ramanna dora in a combined representation said the hyderabad hc has been functioning without a regular cj for over three years.
the sanctioned strength of judges in hyderabad hc is 61 and current strength is only 29, which is less than 50  of total strength.
bar members are deprived of the opportunity to become hc judges for many years.
even the speed of disposal of cases is poor.
around 3.
5 lakh cases are pending in the hc.
a significant number of criminal appeals are pending due to which appellants are languishing in jails for many years.
currently, hc is hearing criminal appeals of 2011.
the first appeals, including land acquisition appeals, are pending since 1987.
the writ petitions are pending since 1999 and stay petitions pending since 2000, said damodar reddy.
he added, due to delay in appointments, not only the bar members are suffering but the litigant public too is denied speedy justice.
recently, the sc had directed all the hcs to notify that all the interim stay orders passed in case of pending trial shall be automatically vacated after six months unless the court extends them for valid reasons.
recently, we learnt that sc collegium has already recommended a name for the appointment of cj and the same is pending with the centre.
rss/bjp  dna             https://t.
co/cdhuibqhqo  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1522647998000new delhi: congress president rahul gandhi said today that the oppression of dalits is in the rss 's and bjp 's dna, while the bjp's ravishankarprasad prasad accused the congress of playing politics with br ambedkar, the father of the indian constitution.
keeping dalits at the lowest rung of indian society is in the dna of the rss/bjp.
whoever dares challenge this position is suppressed with violence, tweeted rahul, even as a ' bharat bandh ' is under way in the country to protest a ruling by the supreme court , which some say dilutes a law to protect dalits.
thousands of my dalit brothers and sisters have come out on the streets to demand protection of their rights from the (narendra) modi government.
we (congress and i) salute them, tweeted rahul further.
however, the bjp-led centre today filed a review petition in the supreme court ( sc ) against the latter's order there would be no automatic arrest on any complaint filed under the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act, said doordarshan news.
the centre's petition was filed even as several organisations, with the support of some political parties, called a countrywide bandh today in protest against the sc order.
the sc last month ruled that a preliminary inquiry must be conducted by police within seven days of an alleged incident before taking any action.
the centre's petition is expected to have told the top court that the order banning automatic arrest and registration of cases for alleged harassment of scs/sts will dilute the law which aims to protect the marginalised.
today a comprehensive review was filed by the government.
i want to say humbly that we don't agree with the sc's reasoning behind the order, said ravishankarprasad prasad, union law minister.
the senior bjp leader then proceeded to target the congress on the issue of ambedkar, a dalit icon.
the modi government and the bjp want to make one thing clear, that dalit and adivasi welfare is what we want, but some people are playing politics with ambedkar, said the bjp's prasad, targeting the congress for staking claim to the dalit icon's memory.
i want to ask the congress - which is making all this noise - one question.
'when did ambedkar get the bharat ratna?
' i'll tell you when he did.
he got it during vp singh's time when bjp supported that government.
ambedkar died in 1956 and congress was ruling for decades after that (with no bharat ratna for ambedkar) and the congress asks us questions?
said prasad.
this story is from january 27, 2019representative imagemake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: each high court judge is saddled with nearly 4,500 pending cases, according to the law ministry.
at the same time, each judge of the subordinate judiciary has nearly 1,300 cases pending, the same data shows.
going by the number of cases pending in high courts and the lower courts, the ministry came up with the average cases pending per judge based on the sanctioned strength.
according to the national judicial data grid, at the end of 2018, 2.
91 crore cases were pending with the district and subordinate courts.
in the 24 high courts, 47.
68 lakh cases were pending.
from january 1, telangana has its own high court, taking the number of high courts in the country to 25.
the data states that while 4,419 cases are pending per judge in the high courts, 1,288 are pending with each lower court judge.
it says that while the sanctioned strength of the subordinate courts is 22,644, the working strength is 17,509 -- a shortage of 5,135 judicial officers.
similarly, in the high courts, the sanctioned strength is 1,079, the working strength is 695 -- a shortfall of 384 judges.
the data was collated for parliamentary use.
successive law ministers have been writing to chief justices of high courts urging them to fill up vacancies in the lower courts.
incumbent ravishankarprasad prasad recently urged the chief justices of high courts to speed up the recruitment of judicial officers for the lower judiciary, as according to him, one of the main reasons for high pendency was the inordinate delay in filling up the vacancies of judicial officers.
the minister urged the chief justices to hold timely examination and interviews to recruit judges for lower courts.
patna: veena sahasrabuddhe, with her scintillating performance enthralled the patnaites on saturday.
she was performing at a two-day hindustani classical music concert organized by navras school of performing arts (nspa) at the patna museum premises.
sushma bajpai gave her vocal support at the event.
veena is a widely acclaimed performer of the 'khayal' style of indian classical singing.
apart from 'khayal', she is sought after for her rich repertoire of bhajans.
she has been a stage performer since childhood.
she comes from a family of musicians.
her father, late pandit shankar shripad bodas, was a disciple of pandit vishnu digambar paluskar.
she was initiated into 'khayal' singing by her father and her brother, late pandit kashinath shankar bodas.
the style she has created for herself retains the fundamental values of gwalior gharana while borrowing somewhat from kirana and jaipur gharanas.
she had been awarded the uttar pradesh sangeet natak akademi award for the year 1993.
veena has given musical performances in india, australia, europe, west asia and north america.
navras aims to promote, propagate and preserve hindustani classical music and dance in its pure form and to revive the cultural atmosphere for which bihar was well known some 30 years ago, said dr ajit pradhan, secretary, nspa.
earlier, chief guest shatrughan sinha, mp, inaugurated the concert.
on the occasion, guest of honour ravishankarprasad prasad, mp, sunil kumar 'pintu', tourism minister, and pk sahi, education minister, were also present.
on the second day of the event, pandit ronu majumdar (flute) and vocalist avantika sinha (thumri and dadra) would be performing.
entry to the programme is free.
this story is from february 10, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
visakhapatnam: uttarandhra charcha vedika has requested union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad to provide two high court benches in north andhra and rayalaseema regions in the state.
convenor of uttarandhra charcha vedika and former minister konathala ramakrishna sent a letter to the union minister on saturday in which he drew attention to the fact that north coastal andhra pradesh and rayalaseema are backward regions and they need high court benches.
the demand for high court benches in visakhapatnam in north andhra and kurnool in rayalaseema have been long-pending.
he said, the people of andhra pradesh, including advocates, have staged several agitations in the past for the high court benches and now lawyers are once again agitating for the cause in visakhapatnam and kurnool.
ramakrishna reminded the minsiter that sivaramakrishnan committee, constituted by the centre in 2014 to identify a new capital for andhra pradesh, had strongly suggested that two high court benches should be established at kurnool and visakhapatnam respectively.
he further argued that visakhapatnam has all the required conditions prerequisite for a high court bench .
it has six law colleges, including damodaram sanjivayya national law university, and around 3,000 practicing advocates in visakhapatnam bar association.
moreover, the city is well connected to the rest of the country in all modes of transportation and has prestigious establishments including defence and pharmaceutical sectors and special economic zones.
people will further intensify their agitation if there is any further delyy in providing the two benches, he said.
this story is from december 19, 2018file photomake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi:reacting to congress president rahul gandhis demand for waving farm loans nationally, finance minister arun jaitley, in an interview to tv news channel, said, punjab had promised but couldnt do it.
.
.
this year, punjab is left with funds of only rs 2,500 crore for developmental expenditure.
upping the ante on a move seen to have helped congress sweep bjp turfs, rahul told reporters that modi had for four and half years the choice between loan waiver and helping his friends steal the money a la demonetisation and rafale, and he chose the latter.
he has not waived a single rupee of farmers.
congress and the rest of opposition parties would join hands and force him to waive off farm loans.
we will fight, we will not budge and not let him sleep at night till farm loans are waived off, he said.
jaitley said it was up to the states to waive off loans but the centre cannot afford to increase the fiscal deficit in view of rising oil prices which has led to an increase in current account deficit.
it will affect investment flow, rupee parity, he said.
the congress leader repeated allegations that demonetisation and rafale deal were massive scams and that offsets will bail out industrialist anil ambani who has been labouring under massive bank dues of rs 45,000 crore.
the sum is enough to fund loan amnesty in mp, rajasthan and chhattisgarh .
showcasing fulfilment of waiver promise in record time in the three states congress recently won, rahul sought to pit farmers against the modi government by addressing them directly.
you sweat and give food to the country and your voice is not being heard.
on the subject, jaitley said only telangana was able to do a proper loan amnesty because it was revenue surplus after bifurcation but within four years it has become a revenue-deficit state.
he said waivers by punjab and karnataka have not matched promises.
the states cannot have more than 3  of fiscal deficit.
if the centre and states increase the fiscal deficit  the last thing for india (from the point of view of big picture) will be also to increase the fiscal deficit, especially when the current account deficit has gone up because of rising oil prices reacting to rahuls comments, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the lies about the rafale deal were exposed by the supreme court.
gandhi should come to parliament and debate the rafale issue in parliament, he said.
daring the congress and its chief to show courage and discuss the fighter jet deal eye to eye in the house, prasad said, mr rahul gandhi we are willing to have a debate with you in parliament over the rafale deal, don't run away from the debate.
you owe an apology to the country as the supreme court has exposed your lies.
this story is from february 4, 2019bjp supporters protest at the dms bungalow in balurghatdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
balurghat/raiganj: uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanaths first public meetings in bengal ran into rough weather on sunday after his chopper was refused a landing nod .
adityanath, who was to headline rallies in raiganj and balurghat in north bengal, did not fly out after he learnt that permission had been denied, and was forced to address the crowds over telephone.
adityanath lashed out at the anti-people state government, warning the mamata banerjee government that its days were numbered.
the state government official contention was that the up government had not send it any official communiqu on its chief ministers arrival in bengal, which is why it did not give permission from giving its consent.
bjp countered this saying the up chief minister was in bengal as a party leader to attend party programmes.
the party had sought for permission long back, the bjp said.
the incident triggered a fresh war of words, with the bjp saying the bengal governments denial of permission was a glaring case of undemocratic and fascist behaviour.
union minister and senior party leader ravishankarprasad prasad said his party would urge the election commission to take note since adityanath, the chief minister of the most populated state, was not allowed to hold public meetings in bengal.
it is deeply regrettable and condemnable and true to the undemocratic record of mamata ji and tmc.
it is a glaring case of undemocratic and fascist behaviour.
the only reason behind preventing adityanaths chopper from landing is panic and a sense of fear as bengalis are yearning for change, he said.
in this state rohingyas can come, infiltrators are also welcome.
but prime minister, chief minister or the president of the largest party ( amit shah ) are not allowed, said state bjp president dilip ghosh, who was also supposed to address the rallies.
at balurghat, angry bjp supporters agitated before the district magistrates bungalow and even burnt an effigy of chief minister mamata banerjee.
a fuming adityanath minced no words.
the state government is nervous and didnt allow me in bengal.
this state is anti-government and indulges in anti-national activities, he said.
this tmc government is anti-people, anti-democratic and has compromised with national security, adityanath said, addressing the rally via audio link.
mamata banerjee should remember that she cannot misuse the government and its agencies in the state.
it is shameful that government officials are acting as tmc cadres in the state, he added.
bjp north bengal convener rathindranath bose said about the balurghat rally: we had submitted all requisite papers seeking permission three days back.
at raiganj, bjp leaders were still hopeful that yogi would arrive there, landing at the bsf helipad.
but the enthusiasm did not last long.
around 2.
30pm, it was learnt that yogi was not coming there as well.
new delhi: delhi bjps poorvanchal wing organised a cultural event to celebrate makar sankranti on sunday.
the event was attended by thousands of supporters from the community and party members.
it is being seen as an attempt by state unit chief manoj tiwari to consolidate the poorvanchal vote bank and silence his detractors.
several party members from the poorvanchal community attended the function, including union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and giriraj singh.
west delhi mp parvesh verma, bjp national secretaries arun singh and anil jain, spokespersons syed shahnawaz hussain and sambit patra, delhi bjp in charge shyam jaju and organisational secretary sidharthan were also present.
with lok sabha elections scheduled in 2019, the party wants to cash in on the vote bank, which played a crucial role in aaps win in the 2015 assembly elections.
bjp members said the party is making serious attempts to strengthen its base in slums and unauthorised colonies, which have a high percentage of poorvanchali population.
addressing the gathering, ravishankarprasad prasad said poorvanchalis are present in every corner of the world and have contributed towards development.
bjps decision to elevate tiwari as the delhi unit chief, many in the party say, proved to be a game-changer in the municipal elections last year.
the decision to appoint a poorvanchali as its state chief and give more tickets to people from the community helped the party win all the three corporations, despite strong anti-incumbency.
ever since his elevation, there is discontent within the party.
sundays event, party members say, was an attempt to silence his detractors.
the people of poorvanchal have achieved their place with the help of their hard labour, said tiwari.
visakhapatnam: around one in 1,000 persons suffer from aortic dissection or tear and with an aorta tear that ran from the chest to the pelvic region, 62-year-old businessman from kolkata, jaydev guha, suffered from a condition that only 15  of the 1 in 1,000 with aorta tear face.
guhas condition was so severe that he was having trouble breathing, chest pain, kidney malfunction and faced a possibility of amputation as blood supply to a few areas was disrupted.
doctors of visakhapatnam, however, battled death and saved guhas life.
following a life-saving, complex and rare surgery , lasting for over 10 hours, which was done in two stages comprising aortic de-branching through grafting and endovascular aortic repair of the thoracic aorta the patient was kept under observation for almost a fortnight.
guha is now able to walk and is ready to go back to his normal life.
the procedure was undertaken in april-end.
it was mid april when guha suffered an attack and had to be rushed to a hospital in kolkata.
diagnosed with a severe aortic dissection, the doctors had given up hope saying that he will never be able to lead a normal life again.
refusing to give up, his family then flew the sextagenerian to visakhapatnam after consulting a doctor from the port city.
guha was then admitted to the seven hills hospital, where he underwent a two-day operation.
dr siba sankar dalai, senior interventional neuro-radiologist at seven hills hospital, where the surgery was conducted, said, the operation was conducted in two days lasting for six hours and four-and-a-half hours respectively.
in the first part, the three blood vessels (right brachio-cephalic artery, left carotid artery and left sub-clavian artery) were disconnected from the aorta and were connected to three ptfe (polytetrafluoroethylene) grafts (artificial tubes compatible to the body) thereby bypassing the blood supply to the three parts (to the brain and right and left limbs).
the de-branching from the aorta was required for two reasons because the tear was extending escalating chances of stroke.
also, to reconstruct and repair the aorta (second part of the surgery), space was needed.
besides dr dalai, dr karunakar padhy, senior consultant cardiothoracic surgeon, too, operated on the patient.
the peri-operative phase was managed by nephrologist dr ravishankarprasad , chief intensivisit dr kuchela babum, cardiologist dr m n raju, physician dr sameer kumar panda, ent dr surendra y lele, psychiatrist dr s anuradha and physiotherapist dr vinod.
overjoyed with the success, family members now await his discharge.
new delhi: the claim made in a new show of a us science channel that the ram setu between india and sri lanka is man-made has reaffirmed bjps stand on the issue, the party said on wednesday, asserting that it believes in the existence of lord ram.
it is unfortunate that congress has always been apologetic when it came to respecting hindu religion.
i wish once and for all this debate (on ram setu) is settled.
we should respect ram setu and no damage should be done to it, union minister piyush goyal told a press conference.
his cabinet colleague and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad also hit out at the upa government for an affidavit in the supreme court which had questioned the belief among hindus that the land bridge was built by lord ram to reach then lanka to rescue his wife sita, as depicted in the epic ramayana.
those who filed the affidavit should explain now.
the research has supported what bjp has been claiming all along.
.
.
the setu is part of our cultural heritage, prasad told reporters here.
in a promo for its upcoming show, the channel quotes an archaeologist that the rocks on top of sand pre-date the sand.
this is what bjp has been saying all along, minister of state for home affairs kiren rijiju said here.
bjp, goyal said, is not apologetic about its love for lord ram and for the party functionaries he was an ideal human being.
a secular democratic framework allows each indian to respect his religion.
we are proud of our religion and we are proud of every religion in india, he said.
new delhi: one of the reasons cited by the government for refusing to accept the supreme court collegium's recommendation to appoint justice k m joseph to the apex court was that it would distort regional representation in the highest court.
justice joseph's rejection (his parent hc is kerala), on the ground that the sc already had a judge, justice kurian joseph, from kerala hc is not commensurate with the current composition of the sc.
currently, three judges in the sc out of 25 are from delhi hc, three from bombay hc and two each from the hcs of allahabad, mp, karnataka and andhra pradesh.
the government, however, argued that kerala hc is a small court and its representation must take into account chief justices of hcs along with the sc.
the hcs of kerala, odisha, gauhati, punjab & haryana, madras, patna and himachal pradesh have one judge each in the sc.
the four other judges were elevated from the bar, including the newly-appointed indu malhotra.
if affiliation with states where they practised is taken into account, representation of delhi and bombay hcs would further increase.
ten hcs  calcutta, chhattisgarh, gujarat, rajasthan, jharkhand, j&k, uttarakhand, sikkim, manipur and meghalaya  having no representation in the sc at present.
since 2010, there has been no judge in the apex court from the scheduled castes, a law ministry official said.
the issue also found mention in law minister ravishankarprasad prasad 's letter to the cji on thursday where he said, there is no representation of scs/sts in the supreme court since long.
with malhotra's appointment, the sc's working strength has increased to 25, but it is still left with six vacancies.
half a dozen more vacancies will arise this year with three judges retiring in the next three months  justices r k agarwal (may 4), j chelameswar (june 22) and a k goel (july 6).
three more, cji dipak misra and justices kurian joseph and madan lokur, will retire in october, november and december respectively.
in his letter to the cji, prasad said, at this stage, elevation of one more judge from kerala hc does not appear to be justified as it does not address the legitimate claims of chief justices and judges of many other hcs and forestalls the claim of other senior chief justices and judges.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi on wednesday exhorted bjp mps and elected representatives to expose those handful of people who had throttled democracy by stalling parliament proceedings during the budget session.
the people who couldnt gain power in 2014 dont want the country to move forward.
they didnt let parliament work for a single day.
they killed democracy and we will observe a fast to bring their crime in front of the world.
i will also fast.
but i will continue my work, modi said while interacting with party mps through teleconferencing on the occasion of social reformer jyotiba phules birth anniversary.
the party observed the day as samata diwas.
modi will lead around 2,000 bjp lawmakers including mps, mlas and mlcs in a day-long fast on thursday at 600 district headquarters across the country to mark their protest against the recent parliament washout.
he asked party leaders to hold interactions with the public and media during the fast to expose congress for the parliament deadlock.
being on fast, modi will travel to tamil nadu to inaugurate defence expo, a biennial exhibition of weapons and military hardware, in thiruvidanthai near chennai.
most ministers including rajya sabha mps will be in various districts along with local leaders to sit on fast as the party has directed lawmakers to tell people that the house was not allowed to function by congress.
the bjps fast comes after congresss recent fast against violence during the bandh called by dalit organisations, which turned out to be an embarrassment for the party as some of its fasting leaders were seen having breakfast.
home minister rajnath singh, petroleum minister dharmendra pradhan and commerce minister suresh prabhu will observe the fast in delhi.
health minister j p nadda will be in modis constituency varanasi while law minister ravishankarprasad prasad will go to patna.
defence minister nirmala sitharaman will be in chennai, hrd minister prakash javadekar in benguluru, vijay goel in tamil nadu and m j akbar in vidisha.
tourism minister k j alphons will hold the fast in kerala.
new delhi: the government has sounded an alert for a possible onslaught on its information technology apparatus, warning that loopholes in software and the set-up at large could be exploited by assailants to paralyse the system.
such a cyber assault, where a system's vulnerability is exploited by hackers to gain unauthorised access to infiltrate malware or spyware, is known as a 'zero-day' attack.
the government's heightened vigil comes amid increased concerns about malware attacks on critical installations, especially in the wake of the recent 'wannacry' ransomware attack that crippled hundreds of thousands of systems in at least 100 countries.
union information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that a national cyber coordination centre (nccc) was being set up to counter security threats and strengthen the it security apparatus.
we are strengthening the cyber-security walls, and this is being undertaken on a proactive basis, prasad told toi, it is a 24x7 vigil.
a government report has pointed at security threats to official infrastructure through laptops, desktops and mobile phones being used by senior officers.
according to the report, there should be a central control on the browsing, and these measures should be rolled out through the national informatics centre (nic) and the indian computer emergency response team (cert-in).
prasad said that the cyber coordination centre was being set up in order to have real-time situational awareness and mount a rapid response to cyber security incidents.
it will generate the necessary situational awareness of existing and potential cyber-security threats, and enable timely sharing of this information for proactive preventive and protective actions by individual entities, he added.
it was the government's prompt response to warnings that minimised the impact of wannacry in india.
prasad said that cert-in had issued a vulnerability note regarding a potential cyber attack as early as march 15, and came out with a response on may 13 when the attack hit computers and software systems in the country.
cert-in also alerted the rbi as well as sebi, besides key organisations in banking and finance, power, defence, telecom, income tax, and central and state governments.
the government has also formulated a crisis management plan to counter hackers, cyber terrorists and online attackers.
this will be implemented by all the ministries and departments of the central and state governments as well as organisations in critical sectors.
this story is from december 27, 2018a scene from the play atal-vakya (bccl/ vishnu jaiswal)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
a play, titled atal-vakya, based on the life of atal bihari vajpayee , former prime minister of india, covering different stages of his life was staged on tuesday at the thrust auditorium of bhartendu natya academy in gomti nagar.
directed by privendra singh and written by chandra bhushan singh , the play was a befitting tribute to the bharat ratna recipient on his 95th birthday.
while on one hand the play highlighted the extraordinary poet in the late prime minister, on the other hand it also depicted his image as an honest politician.
(l-r) bhavya , mohini dubey and vibhu kaushik in a scene from the play atal-vakya (bccl/ vishnu jaiswal)aditya vishwakarma as vaagish in the play atal-vakya (bccl/ vishnu jaiswal)rahul singh chandel was the assistant director of the play while the cast included vijit singh, abhishek pratap singh, aditya vishwakarmam rajesh kumar, brijesh gupta, pragya vivek mishra, prashant tripathi, amrita pak, basant kumar and vibhu kaushik, among others.
privendra singh (r) ramesh chand gupta and ravishankarprasad (bccl/ vishnu jaiswal)the play started with a news room scene wherein on the 95th birthday of atal bihari vajpayee a programme titled geet naya gata hoon was hosted.
abhishek, who played atal ji in the play earned several compliments from the audience post the act.
vibhu kaushik, who had earlier gained popularity with his bold act in the indian adaptation of the hollywood classic brokeback mountain , won many hearts for his acting as the young politician.
allahabad: lawyers boycotted all judicial work on friday, took out a massive procession and formed a human chain around allahabad high court against union law ministers reported statement in favour of formation of a bench in western uttar pradesh.
the lawyers are also against the proposed expansion of lucknow bench by including divisions presently under the jurisdiction of allahabad high court.
all work in allahabad high court came to a standstill due to the boycott following the allahabad high court bar association (hcba) resolution for it against setting up of a bench in western up.
the lawyers took out a massive procession from dr br ambedkars statue, raising slogan one state one high court to subhash chowk, civil lines crossing where they formed a human chain.
recently, union law minister, ravishankarprasad prasad had given assurance to a delegation of lawyers from western up regarding formation of a bench in their area.
the delegation had called on the minister on march 30, 2018 along with union minister of state vk singh , who is also ghaziabad mp.
new delhi: it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has convened a meeting of top it companies next month to dispel the talk about massive job losses in the sector and brainstorm with the ceo's for the next phase of growth.
the indian it ecosystem is very robust and promising, prasad told toi in an interview, adding that it may create over 4 million jobs in the next few years.
ceos from infosys, wipro, tcs, hcl and other it companies are expected to take part in the meeting which is scheduled for the first week of june.
where is this talk coming about job losses?
i am a little surprised myself, he said.
companies have added jobs, prasad said.
industry group nasscom has estimated that there will be 2.
5-3 million new job by 2025.
it said reports about mass layoffs by it companies were incorrect.
it may even cross 4 million.
if i am talking about the promising sector of india's digital economy there is a basis for this.
all this is part of the digital india economy, prasad said.
he cited data from staffing companies which expect hiring to increase in the sector in the current year.
ultimately technology creates opportunity.
internet and other advancements are only going to create more opportunities.
don't underestimate the power of innovation, he said.
the government has hired mckinsey & co to prepare a strategy roadmap for digital services in the country as it expects the turnover of digital, communications and it industry to grow nearly four-fold to $1 trillion by 2022 against $280 billion currently.
a google-bcg study showed that digital payments industry alone is expected to grow to $500 billion by 2020, contributing 15  of gdp.
asked whether indian it companies will be able to scale up their operations, the minister said: they will do it on their own.
i am sure that the innovative spirit of the it companies will inspire them to look inwards towards india now.
the minister said the government will resolve the issue of visas for the it sector after the clampdown unveiled by the us, australia and singapore .
surely by dialogue we will be able to find a way out, he said.
jobs are also expected to be added from the government initiative to start back office operations in small towns across the country, the minister said.
the government hopes to have around 48,000 seats in these bpos in towns such as siliguri, varanasi, amravati, patna and others.
the government will provide subsidy of rs 1 lakh per seat and preference would be given to local entrepreneurs, women and disabled.
during todays parivar akrosh rally you will see abject india-hatred on display.
after all, the congress cannot d https://t.
co/wytp8gukl4  amit shah (@amitshah) 1524976385000new delhi: taking on rahul gandhi for the his attack on pm narendra modi and the bjp , party president amit shah said the congress 's public meeting on sunday was a ' parivar akrosh rally ' which highlighted the gandhi family's increasing irrelevance.
during today's 'parivar akrosh rally', you will see abject india-hatred on display.
after all, the congress cannot digest that 125 crore indians have seen through their anti-development and highly divisive politics.
congress's efforts to create divisions are fully exposed, shah tweeted.
he also questioned the contributions of four generations of the gandhi family.
a dynasty and their courtiers, who were sent out of state after state by 'jan aadesh' now pretend to represent 'jan akrosh.
' today's congress rally is nothing but a 'parivar akrosh rally' which highlights their increasing irrelevance, he added.
the bjp chief said if the congress wanted to see 'jan akrosh', it should see the results of election after election where the party was comprehensively defeated across the length and breadth of india.
shah's counter offensive was complemented by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad who said in patna that rahul was trying to instil a bit of enthusiasm into his demoralised party cadres.
rahul gandhi's rally in delhi has been organised in the quest of power, though he has given it the name of 'jan akrosh' (peoples resentment).
he has claimed that his party will win the assembly polls in karnataka, madhya pradesh and chhattisgarh as well as the lok sabha polls next year.
he is daydreaming, prasad told reporters.
we have no problems with gandhi's daydreaming and whatever gimmicks he resorts to in order to hide his shortcomings.
but the language he has used against the prime minister is deplorable, prasad added.
delhi: prime minister narendra modi, sonia gandhi and eam sushma swaraj pay tribute to people who lost lives in 200 https://t.
co/ef7uzqb4cx  ani (@ani) 1513143748000delhi: congress president-elect rahul gandhi, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and eam sushma swaraj at the parli https://t.
co/5mm0w1iefz  ani (@ani) 1513143568000#delhi prime minister narendra modi meets former pm manmohan singh at the parliament.
https://t.
co/pzeidmoe69  ani (@ani) 1513143425000we pay homage to those who laid down their lives protecting the temple of our democracy on 13th december 2001.
thei https://t.
co/b4rd1zprfk  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1513146620000tributes to the martyrs of the 2001 parliament attack.
violence in any form is condemnable.
let us all strive for peace  mamata banerjee (@mamataofficial) 1513103965000on 13/12/2001 our brave soldiers dispelled a terror attack on the parliament house and displayed exemplary courage.
https://t.
co/jpxb58wtnv  arun jaitley (@arunjaitley) 1513135413000the nation salutes the exemplary valour and courage of those martyrs who sacrificed their lives protecting the temp https://t.
co/fmjyrk4gma  rajnath singh (@rajnathsingh) 1513130717000homage to martyrs whose supreme sacrifice to protect our temple of democracy will never be forgotten by a grateful https://t.
co/tookydaapq  smriti z irani (@smritiirani) 1513142766000we will never forget the #parliamentattack of 2001 that shook the nucleus of our democracy.
the political resolve o https://t.
co/jjizbozk2g  congress (@incindia) 1513142442000new delhi: political leaders cutting across party lines began the day by remembering those who lost their lies 16 years ago during the parliament attack politicians from various political parties, including prime minister nrednra modi, gathered at the parliament on wednesday morning to pay floral tributes to the bravehearts.
also in attendance were vice-president venkaiah naidu, union home minister rajnath singh congress leader sonia gandhi and lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan.
congress president-elect rahul gandhi was seen exchanging pleasantries with external affairs minister sushma swaraj and union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad after paying their respects at the martyrs' memorial.
in a highly-charged moment, pm modi and former prime minister manmohan singh appeared to set aside their differences, warmly greeting one another on their way to the house.
political leaders also took to twitter to pay homage to those who sacrificed their lives on the altar of the nation.
on december 13, 2001, five heavily-armed terrorists belonging to terror outfit lashkar-e-taiba (let) and jaish-e-mohammed (jem), stormed the parliament complex in new delhi and opened fire indiscriminately.
14 people, of them 13 security personnel and one civilian, were killed in the attack.
the incident took place around 40 minutes after parliament was adjourned and about 100 members of parliament were present in the building.
this story is from february 13, 2019arun jaitley (toi file photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: bjp rejected the congress's allegations of leaks and attacks on the cag in the rafale deal , with senior minister arun jaitley taking a dig at congress leader rahul gandhi saying, how many lies need to be peddled to sustain a sinking dynasty?
in 2014-15, the present cag was secretary (economic affairs) in the finance ministry.
being the senior most at one point in time, he was also designated as the finance secretary.
i say this without fear of contradiction that no file or paper relating to the rafale transaction ever reached him nor was he in any way.
.
.
associated with the decision making on defence purchases, jaitley wrote in a blog.
at a press conference, rahul claimed that mehrishi, who became the comptroller and auditor general after he left the government, should not have overseen the audit report on the rafale deal, as he was himself part of the decision-making process.
the dynast knows that his 500 crore vs 1600 crore (cost of rafale jet) kindergarten argument was a fictional story, jaitley said.
he also slammed a media report which claimed that the defence ministry had objected to parallel negotiations between pmo and france.
the dynast and his friends have in the past even attacked supreme court when it rejected the writ petition on rafale.
entire pricing argument of the congress was factually wrong and the procedure argument that there was no defence acquisition council, no ccs, no contract negotiation committee was a blatant lie, he said.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad also put airbus, whose internal e-mail was cited by the congress president, in the dock.
let rahul gandhi explain where did he get internal e-mail of airbus.
who is supplying him?
.
.
.
there cannot be a bigger thing than this that he is working as a lobbyist for foreign firms.
new delhi: cracking the whip on alleged misuse of user data on facebook , the government on friday issued a notice to uk-based cambridge analytica , asking it to give a list of clients and the source of data it had collected.
the notice came after reports that political parties had used the data analytics firm during elections.
the it ministry has asked cambridge analytica  the firm at the centre of facebook data breach scandal  to respond by march 31 on six questions, including how the company had collected user data, whether consent was taken from the individuals, and how the data was used.
the move assumes significance as the bjp , earlier this week, had questioned links between the congress and cambridge analytica, the data mining firm accused of harvesting personal information from facebook illegally to influence polls in several countries.
taking a stern view of reports on the misuse of user data obtained from social media platform facebook, the it ministry in a statement on friday said that breach of privacy cannot be tolerated.
the government is deeply concerned about such developments and is committed to ensuring the protection of the fundamental right of privacy and safety and security of data for every citizen of india, the ministry said.
the it ministry said it had issued a notice to cambridge analytica wherein the serious breach of propriety and misuse of data intended to profile and influence voting behaviour has been highlighted.
the notice comes just days after law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad warned facebook of action for any attempt to influence polls through data theft.
new delhi: lok sabha on tuesday passed two bills to repeal 245 obsolete and archaic laws, including the 158-year-old calcutta pilots act of 1859 and the prevention of seditious meeting act of 1911.
referring to the old and, in many cases, irrelevant pre-independence laws, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said their presence was an unfortunate part of indias colonial legacy and that as proud indians, the government had decided to repeal these laws to showcase its pro-reforms approach.
the minister also said the government had repealed 1,824 outdated laws since pm narendra modi took office.
when making a case for why the government apolished outdated laws like the prevention of seditious meeting act, 1911, prasad was interrupted by bjd mp tathagata satpathy , who joked that the government should retain this law, alluding to the use of the sedition provision in the indian penal code against opposition activists by bjp governments in some states.
prasad shot back that while most people had protested against implementation of emergency in 1975, it was clear who had imposed it in the country, referring to the empty opposition benches occupied by the congress, who staged a walkout in the morning.
prasads remarks saw tmc mp kalyan banerjee attacking the government for imposing an internal emergency in india without declaring emergency under the constitution.
the question is not about the effects of emergency.
the question is whether there is any internal emergency going on or not.
if you are an opposition party, your space will be in jail.
the whole of india is under threat and under pressure.
that is the kind of emergency which is going on in india without declaring emergency under the constitution.
there was an emergency declared under the constitution.
now, there is an undeclared emergency.
this is the basic distinction between 1977 and post-2014 in this country, banerjee said.
his comments led to a slanging match between bjp mp kirron kher and the opposition benches, and had to be brought to an end with the chair declaring the discussion closed.
while supporting the move to repeal obsolete laws, bjd mp pinaki misra urged the government to bring a law to decriminalise sex between consenting adults of different sexual orientations.
saying he was hopeful prasad would push for the legislation in this regard, misra said, we hope we will see an end to this absolutely pernicious and completely archaic provision of 377 in the ipc.
it is the job of parliament to do something.
parliament ought to do it.
patna: taking strong exception to the upa government's decision of allowing 51  fdi in multi-brand retail sector, the bjp has decided to raise the issue in the winter session of parliament.
bjp national chief spokesperson and rajya sabha member ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday said, this is a disastrous move which will have great adverse impact on the country' service sector, bringing in an era of monopoly by foreign companies.
the move would weaken the domestic manufacturing sector and encourage predatory pricing, he said, adding, we have seen the consequences of allowing fdi in retail sector in countries like the us, brazil, thailand and other latin american countries, whose economies were destroyed by the move.
the retail sector is one of the biggest avenues of generating employment and the move would have an adverse impact on self-employment, he said.
the bjp leader also accused the congress of shying away from debate in parliament with voting on the issues of corruption, bringing back black money stashed away in foreign banks and inflation.
prasad said, france has provided to the centre the names of 700 persons whose bank accounts are in switzerland but the congress-led upa government is not willing to disclose their names.
the party's unwillingness to hold a debate with voting shows that congress does not want an honest debate on the issue.
we have an economist prime minister at the helm for over seven years now, but he has failed to contain inflation, said prasad and added the government's job is not only to get a bill passed in parliament but also to give attention to other pressing problems.
he said that advani's 40-day-long jan chetna yatra, which passed through 23 states and 5 union territories, covering 8,000km, was a huge success as it got unprecedented response in non-bjp ruled states like tamil nadu, uttar pradesh, rajasthan and odisha.
this story is from december 28, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: defending the revised bill to make triple talaq punishable, bjp's lead speaker meenakshi lekhi questioned if the practice of instant divorce was part of the quran and said the issue was not about he versus she, rather it was about human rights violation.
countering congress's arguments that the bill primarily sought to criminalise muslim men while not really empowering women, lekhi, citing matrimonial laws, especially those governing maintenance, and said non-muslims were liable to be penalised for not giving maintenance to their wives or mothers.
i will like to ask those opposing the bill, that in which 'suraa' of the quran is 'talaq-e-biddat' mentioned?
this is not he versus she, these are issues of human rights violation, she said, mounting a spirited defence of the bill.
our constitution talks about a uniform civil code and not a uniform religious code.
do we want to create a society where men have the sole right to divorce women whenever they want, a society where men can change wives like clothes?
she asked.
lekhi said the proposed law was not just punitive but equally restorative and reformative, pointing out that the offence under it was compoundable where the victim and offender could seek a compromise, with or without the permission of the court.
lekhi said the proposed law was aimed at gender justice and asserted that no gender war could ever be won unless men stood with women because men continued to be in a state of dominance.
the difference between congress and us (bjp) is that they talk about divorce and we talk of marriage, we talk about rights of marriage, about sustaining a marriage and empowering women, she added.
tabling the bill earlier, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said 477 cases of triple talaq had taken place in the country even after the supreme court pronounced the practice illegal.
prasad said there should be no politics on the bill, stressing that it was not against any particular community.
don't weigh the bill on the scales of politics.
the bill is about humanity and justice, he said.
minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi said acts like murder were against the law but people still committed such crimes and hence there was provision for punishment.
this story is from january 14, 2019hs phoolka.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: former aap leader hs phoolka on sunday quelled speculation that he might join bjp before the 2019 lok sabha polls.
phoolkas remarks came even as union minister and bjp leader vijay goel felicitated him for his legal fight for the victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots goel lauded phoolka for his role in the conviction of senior congress leader sajjan kumar and called him a friend and good person.
i am being frequently asked whether phoolka is joining bjp.
our doors are open for all good people, its up to them to decide, goel said.
sources in bjp, however, said discussions with phoolka about contesting from punjab were on.
phoolka, a former leader of the opposition in punjab assembly, recently quit aap and stated that the decision to turn an anti-corruption movement into a political party was wrong.
at a press conference held a day after his resignation, phoolka said: there is a need for a movement thats similar to the one started by anna hazare in 2011 and form an organisation that can call a spade a spade.
though he had declared that he wouldnt contest elections, phoolka did state that many people in punjab had told him that he could win from any seat in punjab because of his role in getting justice for 1984 riot victims.
bjp has always supported us in our fight for justice to the victims of the 1984 anti-sikh riots .
i have been meeting several bjp leaders for this purpose.
i met law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and home minister rajnath singh for support and they backed me, phoolka said on sunday.
even the vajpayee government supported my battle, he added.
my closeness with bjp existed even when i was with aap, he said.
this story is from january 22, 2019union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad (ani photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad tuesday alleged that the congress had organised the evm hackathon in london in which a cyber expert claimed that the 2014 general elections were rigged.
prasad alleged that congress by planting such cyber-experts is undermining the mandate of india's people and questioned the attendance of congress leader kabil sibal at the press conference.
is congress sponsored event designed to defame india's mandate?
what was mr. kapil sibal doing at that event?
i will tell you.
he was there to monitor the whole event, said the union minister.
an indian cyber expert, seeking political asylum in the us on monday had claimed that the 2014 general election was rigged through the electronic voting machines, which, he said can be hacked.
addressing a press conference in london via skype, the man, identified as syed shuja, claimed to be a former employee of evm maker ecil said that a telecom firm had helped the bjp to get low-frequency signals to hack evms.we will expose these claims, prasad said, adding that the congress was insulting the 2014 mandate.
suja also claimed that late bjp leader gopinath munde , who died in a car accident last year, was killed because he knew of evm hacking in 2014 general elections.
prasad denied any such conspiracy.
training his guns at congress president rahul gandhi , prasad said that the party was manufacturing such events because they have started to feel that they will lose the 2019 elections.
why were there no issues with evms when upa was in power and when in 2010 the monitoring committee was formed?
was bjp so powerful back then that we were able to hack evms when congress was ruling?
he said.
prasad further questioned why congress has not raised any questions about the validity of evms in those states where it has won.
evms were working fine even when kejriwal won but now before the elections ( lok sabha ) such events are being sponsored, said the minister.
seeing that they will lose this year, is congress cooking these tales now?
how many more alibis is rahul gandhi going to offer?
said prasad.
patna: patna college would soon have a conference hall with a seating capacity of 500 people and a well-equipped modern gymnasium, patna university (pu) vice-chancellor (vc) rash bihari prasad singh said while laying the foundation stone of the centenary gate near wheeler senate house on monday.
the gate will be constructed on the vacant land lying between patna college and vanijya mahavidyalaya at a cost of rs 42 lakh that was donated by jd (u) leader bashistha narain singh.
he has also sanctioned a sum of rs 2.
5 crore for construction of a conference hall in the memory of sarvodaya leader jayaprakash narayan.
earlier, rajya sabha member and bjp leader r k sinha inaugurated a link road from the office of patna college principal to the entrance of vanijya mahavidyalaya constructed from his mplad fund.
he assured of sanctioning more funds for construction of three additional link roads in the college.
patna college alumnus and union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad has sanctioned a sum of rs 1 crore for the construction of a new gymnasium in place of the old, dilapidated one at patna college.
the construction work will start soon, said the vc.
pu pro-vc dolly sinha, vanijya mahavidyalaya principal b n pandey and university officials and teachers were also present on the occasion.
pu has recently submitted proposals worth rs 14.
24 crore to the university grants commission for financial assistance.
the university has proposed to construct a complex with 24 flats for grade-iv staff at an estimated cost of rs 2.
15 crore near g d s girls hostel at krishna kunj, 20 quarters for grade-iii staff at the saidpur complex at an estimated cost of rs 6 crore and expand the present guesthouse with 20 additional rooms at an estimated cost of rs 2.
18 crore.
the proposals also include construction of an additional floor above the existing examination hall at patna college for vocational and postgraduate (pg) courses at an estimated cost of rs 1.
37 crore.
the answer-books of pg exams will be evaluated in this new proposed hall instead of wheeler senate house, said the vc.
kolkata: it was homecoming of sorts for tabla player sandeep das, who is part of yo-yo ma & the silk road ensembles sing me home that won the grammy in the world music category in 2017.
the audience  many of whom elderly persons  swayed to dass music oceania as the musicians came up with crossover tracks featuring blue grass, blues, classical bach, chinese classical sheng, contemporary jazz and indian classical music.
das was 15 when he made his debut with pt ravi shankar.
he has performed in all prestigious festivals in india.
today, he feels very few maintain the authenticity of indian classical music.
at fusion shows, its more to do with keyboards and drums accompanying indian ragas, said das, who is currently based in boston.
yet, he has favourite tabla players from the city including pt bickram ghosh and pt subhankar banerjee .
finally, there is kumar-da (pt kumar bose).
he is also a disciple of my guru pt kishan maharaj.
what a persona kumar-da is.
i find his dha dhin dhada dha tin nada truly inspiring.
though das couldnt fathom why city musicians gave his show a miss while the bengal governor was there, he said it wasnt this way in the west.
not just musicians, his concerts have even had the likes of steve jobs in attendance.
yo-yo ma had introduced jobs as a friend.
but i didnt even recognise that he was the steve jobs, das recalled.
jobs simplicity had moved him.
when id perform near the bay area, he would try to come.
i had once asked him what he was up to and he took out a prototype phone from his pocket and said this was what he was developing.
my eyes had popped out seeing a phone that had no buttons, could flip and zoom too, he said.
what das values most in an artist is the ability to lead from behind.
thats what i learnt from yo-yo ma.
he has won 18 grammys, is offered $1,00,000 a show and still doesnt have dates in the next six years.
yet, he is the most humble human being i have seen, das said.
unfortunately, accompanists at indian classical concerts or those performing at fusion shows in india often dont enjoy the privilege.
their photos and names are dropped.
while the vocalist or instrumentalist is given a big bouquet, the tabla player is given a small one or just a rose.
this isnt just an insult to the tabla player but to maa saraswati too.
i have protested this even on stage, he said.
ahmedabad: gujarat narmada valley fertilisers & chemicals (gnfc) won the prestigious times networks digital india award in the category of digital social innovation for implementation of digital transactions in its sales of fertilizer, and for setting up cashless/less-cash townships.
digital india awards recognize and honour businesses and organizations that have harnessed the power of information and communication technology ( ict ) and digital tools; resulting in the transformation of business processes and improvement in delivery of public services, while generating a positive impact on the society.
the award followed a rigorous 3-level procedure of shortlisting and selection.
gnfc won from among 73 applicants including public, private, government enterprises, smes and academic institutions for the year 2017.
the digital india awards were conferred on the winners at a ceremony at the digital india summit 2017 organized in new delhi on december 16.
earlier in the day, union minister for law & justice and information technology, ravishankarprasad prasad inaugurated the event.
dr rajiv kumar gupta , md, gnfc received the award from hardeep singh puri, union minister of housing and urban affairs.
gnfc became the first fertilizer company to create a vast infrastructure of pos machines, special apps, and trained over two lakh farmers, fertilizer retailers and students.
so far, gnfc has sold three million bags of fertilizer worth more than rs 100 crore to approx.
three lakh farmers across the country using pos machines, bhim, aeps and other digital means.
gnfc also innovatively deployed the cashless/ less-cash township model.
gnfc township became the first fully cashless township of india.
thereafter, gnfc guided its facilitation across fifty organisations in the oil, power, fertilizer, and other sectors, to turn their townships as cashless/less-cash townships.
eighty-one townships across these organisations were launched by the prime minister at nagpur, a few months back.
new delhi: the government is set to provide relief to those facing the problem of bounced cheques with the cabinet approving an interim compensation pending litigation.
the move is likely to provide a major relief to small and medium traders, many of whom have to engage in longdrawn litigations to recover payments arising from bounced cheques.
the move will be effected through a proposed amendment to the negotiable instruments act .
sources said the amendments to the law propose that an alleged offender would not be allowed to appear before any court unless he deposits a certain amount of the disputed amount.
the amendment would enable the court to order an interim compensation of a part of the cheque to the payee at the trial stage.
if the drawer is acquitted, the court may direct the payee to repay the amount paid as interim compensation with interest.
similarly, appellate courts would be enabled to order the appellant to deposit a part of the compensation awarded by the trial court at the time of filing appeal.
announcing the cabinet decision without divulging details, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the government is going to amend the law to deal with cheque-bounce cases.
prasad also said the government would work for setting up of a mechanism to fast track trials related to such matters.
the proposed stronger provisions would help public authorities to nail culprits in the shortest possible time.
for repeat offenders, there will be a stronger provision in the new law, he said.
the government is also going to draw a plan to give incentive to the people who have been cheated in such a way.
cheque bounce cases occur when there is no money in the account of cheque issuer.
ahmedabad: after facing criticism from congress vice-president rahul gandhi for not announcing its manifesto even after the end of campaigning for the first phase of polls in gujarat , the bjp released its manifesto on friday, hours before the first phase of elections.
arun jaitley , the union finance minister who is in charge of the 2017 elections in gujarat; ravishankarprasad prasad, the union law minister; and state bjp president jitu vaghani released the party manifesto, sankalp patra the bjp has not set targets as it did in the 2012 manifesto  for instance, it had promised 50 lakh homes, which it could not deliver.
the bjp has not promised any new major scheme either in the 2017 manifesto.
however, it says it will ensure double-digit growth and will continue its existing policies.
the model code of conduct imposed by the election commission is in effect and there are some restrictions attached to the period 48 hours prior to polling, jaitley said.
candidates photos cannot be published.
therefore, todays manifesto draft has no photographs of the chief minister and the state party president as they both are candidates.
jaitley said that the sankalp patra focuses on vikas.
crisil, a rating agency, released data a day ago which indicated that among all large states of india, gujarat is on top in achieving double-digit growth of 10  constantly over the past five years, followed by madhya pradesh which had 8.
2  growth.
gujarat achieved such a growth rate when global economy was not booming.
he said during the boom, even china was growing at only 9.
5 .
the performance speaks for itself.
those questioning development would have to understand it, jaitley said.
he said that the bjp was working on socio-economic parameters of gujarat including infrastructure, education, and the progress of backward communitiesi will comment on a couple of points related to the congress, jaitley said.
reservation beyond 50  is constitutionally not possible.
some of the promises are not feasible financially.
vaghani said, this election, we promise new gujarat in line with the pms new india.
this story is from december 28, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the number of internet connections in india has grown by 65  from march 2016 to cross the 50 crore mark in 2018, in line with the target set by the narendra modi government three years ago.
as per the latest information from the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai), by the end of september 2018, there were 56 crore narrowband and broadband connections in india.
comparatively, there were just 34 crore connections as of march 31, 2016, which increased to 42 crore by march 31, 2017.
by march 31, 2018, the total number of internet connections stood at 49 crore.
that number increased to 51 crore internet connections at the end of june this year before the figure touched 56 crore as of september 30, 2018.
in december 2015, union telecom minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said: my plan is to make 50 crore internet connections in india by 2018.
.
.
im convinced that in the coming 2-3 years, india will become equal to china as an it market of the world.
of the 56 crore connections, 64 , or 36 crore, are in the urban areas and 36 , or 19.
4 crore, in the rural areas.
while more service providers are focusing on rural areas, experts credit the increase in the hinterland to the infrastructure created by the government.
the massive growth in urban centres on the other hand is attributed to the entry of reliance jio.
professor debabrata das from the international institute of information technology-bangalore (iiit-b), who was an integral part of the centres national information infrastructure version 2.
0 (nii 2.
0), says: the infrastructure created by state-run bsnl and the centres bharatnet project that envisages connecting all gram panchayats with internet through an optical fibre network must be seen as crucial for the rural connections.
just five states  karnataka, tamil nadu andhra pradesh (including telangana ), gujarat and maharashtra  account for 20 crore or 36  of all internet connections in india.
compared to 2016, karnataka reported a 58  growth in the number of internet connections, while the same was 45  for tamil nadu, 76  for andhra pradesh, 56  for maharashtra and 70  for gujarat.
the huge increase is largely because of jio.
while bharatnet has created the infrastructure, the actual number of people using it is not much given that most subscribers have wireless connections, aravind kumar, senior advisor, trai, told toi.
separate data from trai shows that as of june 30, 2018, reliance jio was way ahead of all the other players in terms of market share, with state-run bsnl at the fifth spot.
sources in trai said the same internet service providers continued to hold the top five positions.
boosting rural connectivity, the centres bharatnet project has so far connected 1.
1 lakh gram panchayats (gps)with internet through a network of optical fibre cable.
of the states, up has the maximum gps connected (27,940), followed by maharashtra (15,126) and madhya pradesh (12,689).
new delhi: congress , led by ex-pm manmohan singh, on monday petitioned the president against pm modi, accusing him of using menacing language to intimidate its leaders.
the party urged president rn kovind to caution modi against behaviour that did not behove the pm of a constitutionally governed democratic country of 1.
3 billion people.
the complaint was based on a speech modi gave in hubbali on may 6 while on campaign.
the party quoted the pm as saying, congress ke neta kaan khol kar sun lijiye, agar seemaon ko paar karoge, to yeh modi hai, lene ke dene pad jayenge (congress leaders should listen to this, if you cross limits, remember this is modi, it will backfire on you).
bjp reacted angrily to congress move and released a long list of abuses hurled by party leaders at modi.
congress has been targeting modi because of its reluctance to accept that a man born in poverty has become prime minister, a post which only one family can lay claim to, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the complaint is set to further embitter relations between the rival camps, which hit a low when modi, during the gujarat campaign, accused pakistan of trying to influence the elections and cited a meeting that singh and mani shankar aiyar had with pakistani officials.
singh slammed modi in a statement while congress asked the pm to apologise.
since then, the two sides have been crossing swords, with congress president rahul gandhi , too, entering the fray.
the congress's letter to kovind said, the president may caution the pm from using such unwarranted, threatening and intimidating language against leaders of the congress party or any other party or person as it does not behove the position of the pm.
besides singh, the letter was signed by senior congress leaders a k antony, ghulam nabi azad, ahmed patel, p chidambaram, ashok gehlot, mallikarjun kharge, karan singh, ambika soni, kamal nath, anand sharma, motilal vora, digvijay singh and mukul wasnik.
stating that a pm could not use the kind of language used by modi, congress alleged it amounted to use of power to settle personal and political scores.
the congress leaders said all past pms had discharged their private and public functions with immense dignity.
the threat held out by the pm to the congress leadership deserves to be condemned.
this cannot be the language of the pm of a constitutionally governed democratic country of 1.
3 billion people.
such discourse whether in public or private is unacceptable conduct.
the words used are menacing and intimidating with intent to insult and provoke breach of peace, the congress leaders said.
at the same time, congress noted it was the oldest party in the country and had faced many challenges and threats.
this story is from october 31, 2018new delhi: aadhaar body uidai is facing revolt from the governments 3-lakh-strong rural outreach programme, common service centres (cscs), who are now threatening to go on a strike after being removed from the citizen-directory initiative.
uidai this year has removed cscs from carrying out aadhaar registration and updation services, and has now come out with a tender to give the job to a large private operator (request for proposal was issued on october 3) who will be tasked with setting up aadhaar seva kendras (asks).
this is not fair to the cscs who are working at the last-mile and providing a host of digital services in villages and smaller towns as part of the governments national e-governance initiative.
our demand to reinstate cscs for aadhaar services has not yielded any result, dinesh tyagi, ceo of csc , told toi.
if the stalemate continues, we will have no other option but to go on strike.
uidai, which issued a statement regarding the setting up of asks, did not answer specific queries on why the cscs were being moved out from offering aadhaar services.
tyagi said that the move is unfortunate since cscs have helped enrol as many as 27 crore citizens into the aadhaar directory.
the modi government has positioned the cscs as an ambitious vehicle to drive digital services in rural areas.
the csc centres, which on an average employ 3-4 people, are playing a key role in the rollout of the governments initiatives such as ayushman bharat and digital india while also acting as banking correspondents where they help citizens in services such as loan application processing, disbursing direct benefit transfer payouts, and selling mutual funds/pension-related products.
the cscs also provide video, voice and data services for e-governance, education, health, telemedicine, and entertainment.
while uidai said that a recent judgement  in the binoy viswam case  required a shifting of enrolment/updation services, tyagi denied there is such an order that seeks the removal of cscs.
sources said that top officials of the it ministry, including minister ravishankarprasad prasad, are being briefed of the rift.
oath as karnataka chief minister +prove his majority +religious minority status to lingayats +new delhi: bjp leader b s yeddyurappa on thursday tookafter governor vajubhai vala invited him to form the government andon the floor of the house in 15 days.
to shore up its numbers, the saffron party is looking for support from lingayat mlas in rival camps who could be unhappy at the congress-jd(s) alliance that seeks to catapult h d kumaraswamy, a vokkaliga, as cm.
there are about a dozen lingayat mlas in congress and jd(s), who could rally around to backing yeddyurappa, considered the tallest politician from the community.
the community supported bjp, largely rejecting congress's move to offer, choosing instead to back their leader for the cm post.
vokkaligas and lingayats have been politically divided ever since kumaraswamy's refusal to relinquish the cm's chair in 2007 and honour a tenure-sharing deal with bjp.
bjp is also looking at some three-four other mlas to garner the required numbers, and this would mean the legislators who have been wooed could be asked to vote in favour yeddyurappa in a trust vote.
bjp is arguing that the mandate was against congress while jd(s) was a distant third.
party leaders have made it clear that falling just eight seats short would not prevent it from forming a government after bjp registered a gain of 60-plus seats.
they recalled how the bjp government in gujarat was toppled in 1996 and shankersinh vaghela became cm but he could not survive for long.
congress should understand the mandate of the people and respect it, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
he slammed outgoing cm siddaramaiah for accusing pm of encouraging horse trading in the state.
kolkata: in a bid to break the month-long stalemate at calcutta high court, acting chief justice jyotirmay bhattacharya has called for an emergency meeting on wednesday with state advocate-general kishore dutta and senior office bearers of the three agitating lawyers bodies  calcutta high court bar association, bar library club and incorporated law society.
the meeting comes after the lawyers bodies on monday decided to extend their month-long cease-work by another fortnight and insisted that they wanted the centre to spell out a specific time for the appointment of judges.
the acting chief justices intervention comes on a day when case-pendency data published by the calcutta high court indicates a dismal picture.
the cease-work started on february 19.
in february, it had impacted eight working days of the hc (february 19-23; february 26-28), as a result of which the case-disposal rate fell sharply.
according to the data, only 3,167 cases were disposed.
in january 2018, 5,250 cases had been disposed.
chief justice of india dipak misra, at a meeting with a delegation of lawyers bodies in new delhi on friday, had appealed them to withdraw the cease-work.
a senior bar association office bearer said, we have been requested to attend the meeting in the acting chief justices chambers at 11am.
whatever be the outcome of the meeting, we need to seek approval of the bar associations general body, which has decided to extend the cease work till april 2.
the bar association is the largest organization among the three lawyers bodies with over 7,000 members and any decision taken by it is usually accepted by the others.
a senior lawyer argued, the primary issues were non- appointment of judges, lack of a full-time chief justice of the calcutta high court and a demand for representation of the calcutta high court in the supreme court of india .
in all the three aspects, the lawyer said, both union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and the cji had provided inputs.
the centre had assured the lawyers that seven names recommended by the calcutta high court has already been sent to the supreme court collegiumit also assured that it is processing justice bhattacharyas elevation as the chief justice of calcutta high court.
modalities and protocol will take some time.
to argue, the centre comes up with finite timelines is being unreasonable, the lawyer said.
today, ravikiran has lived up to the sitar maestros words.
an authoritative exponent of the chitravina, the 50-year-old plays the stringed instrument with lan, while still considering himself a vocalist at heart.
but for many others he is a teacher who doesnt sit on his laurels, rather believing in passing on his music to the next generation.
the sangita kalanidhi award that he has been designated for is yet another mark of his contributions.
his passion to take music to the masses was evident when he conducted special music camps for more than 30,000 rural children in the country in 2005.
he revolutionised teaching methods in music by introducing a tele-teaching method in 1996 which has been successfully adopted.
his lec-dems on common mistakes in carnatic music have dealt with issues starting from beginners lessons, geethams and varnams to advanced aspects of carnatic music, recognising with all humility certain errors that have existed in our system of music.
this de-construction of sorts has paved the way for more informed appreciation by students and audiences.
they have been taken to higher levels in recognising and reconciling with these variations which have has built a bridge between theory and practice.
in his long musical journey, he has taken carnatic music with a missionary zeal to countries like america, china, brazil and middle-eastern countries, collaborating with artists from the west.
i used to write down the notes when i played with distinguished musicians of those countries.
that would make it easier for them.
in the same way i would explain the meaning of say a syama sastri krithi to the audience.
then they would be with you when it was being played, he says.
melharmony, his brainchild, is a synthesis of eastern and western schools of music that relies on compositions based on orchestration.
its inception in many school districts in the us became the musical act of ravikiran.
he can also take credit for having introduced carnatic music in countries like slovenia, croatia, czech republic, and hungary.
but what about adaptability?
if you can master carnatic music, you can master any other system.
i say this out of sheer dint of experience, he answers.
ravikirans value-addition to art per se is gauged by the quality of his disciples.
his disciples savita narasimhan, sisters apoorva and anahitha, bhargavi balasubramaniam and vishaal sapuram are counted among ace performers today.
savita has been a top-notch performer at the music academy for several years, while apoorva and anahitha are performing at nearly 20 venues this december season.
bhargavi is a graded air artist who has performed at international concerts, while vishaal who bagged the best instrumentalist award from the music academy madras in 2015 and has developed a system for notating carnatic music on the computer.
the maestro himself trained under his father chitravina narasimhan and later learned for a decade from t brinda, whose style is characterised by its measured, easy-paced renderings and alluring movements in the form of intricate gamakas.
at a recent function held at the music academy where he delivered the presidential address at the 91st annual conference and concerts, ravikiran narrated how the chitravina had the tag of an apa-swara vadhyam (out of key instrument) and his keenness to erase this negative reputation.
he also spoke about the imperative need for artists and organisations like the music academy to implement the learning of music in schools as he has proposed as a member of the centres core committee for music education in 2010.
this may produce one exceptional musician and a handful of competent ones from every thousand, but will present pride and passion for our culture for the rest and would translate to millions of new listeners every year, he said.
this story is from december 11, 2018senior congress leader and mp shashi tharoor.
download the times of india news app for latest citythiruvananthapuram: senior congress leader and mp shashi tharoor on monday filed a criminal complaint against union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad for allegedly making defamatory remarks against him.
tharoor filed the complaint before a thiruvananthapuram court.
he (rs prasad) accused me of being involved in a murder case.
so, i sent him a legal notice to withdraw his comments but he took a defiant stand.
i tried to bite my tongue but there comes a time when the straw breaks camels back, tharoor told reporters here.
on october 31, tharoor had sent a legal notice to prasad for allegedly calling him a murder accused.
the notice was sent by tharoors lawyer over the video posted by the union minister on his official twitter handle on october 28 where the latter said, shashi tharoor who is charge-sheeted in a murder case has attempted to disrespect lord shiva.
prasad had made the statement during a press conference after tharoor quoted an unnamed rss source as saying that prime minister narendra modi was like a scorpion sitting on a shiva linga who cannot be removed by hand or hit with a chappal (slipper) either.
demanding an unconditional and written apology from prasad within 48 hours of the receipt of the notice, tharoor had also asked for the video to be deleted from the micro-blogging site.
he had said that the statement made in the video was false, untrue, malicious, and highly defamatory.
the notice further clarified that tharoors comment on the pm was with reference to an old news article published in a magazine in 2012.
the notice further stated that tharoors statement did not disrespect the deity in any manner.
this story is from january 3, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jalandhar: prime minister narendra modi has a date with three nobel laureates at a private university in jalandhar on january 3.
after opening the 106th edition of indian science congress at the university, he will engage in a private discussion with them.
the talks are expected to revolve around the future of scientific advancements and indias role in it.
as many as 15,000 delegates from over 60 countries will be participating in the meet, as well as an equal number of other participants, including children from across the country.
the science congress will also be attended by science and technology minister dr harsh vardhan, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, textiles minister smriti irani and hrd minister prakash javadekar.
heads of departments like national assessment and accreditation council (naac), department of science & technology defence research and development organisation are also expected to join the mega conclave of the scientific community of the country.
more than 100 lecture halls, auditoriums, centre halls, theatres, rooms on the campus have been engaged for different presentations and scientific deliveries.
the three nobel winning scientists who will be part of this discussion with modi are avram hershko, winner of 2004 nobel prize for chemistry; f duncan m haldane, winner of 2016 nobel prize for physics; and thomas christian sdhof, winner of 2013 nobel prize for medicine.
the hungary-born israeli biochemist avram hershko won the prestigious award in 2004, along with two others, for his work on the discovery of ubiquitin-mediated protein degradation.
he is currently a distinguished professor in the department of biochemistry at technion-israel institute of technology in haifa and an adjunct professor of pathology at the nyu school of medicine since 2002.
british-born american physicist f duncan m haldane won the nobel in 2016, along with two others, for his work on explaining properties of one-dimensional chains of atomic magnets and of two-dimensional semiconductors.
he is currently the sherman fairchild university professor of physics at princeton university.
thomas christian sdhof is a german-american biochemist known for his study of synaptic transmission.
currently, he is a professor at stanford university.
sdhof won the 2013 nobel, along with two others, for his work on vesicle trafficking.
modi to take driverless busthe first prototype of the solar-powered driverless bus, designed and made by the students of the private university, will ferry the pm to the venue.
the bus is slated to enter commercial service later this year.
over 300 students from mechanical, electrical and computer engineering departments of the university collaborated to design and fabricate the vehicle under the guidance of lpu professors and experts.
the fabrication is being done at the iniversity project studio where other such r&d and product commercialization also takes place, said a university spokesperson.
the design and creation of the bus is in sync with the indian conditions and the cost of the bus is approximately rs 6 lakh.
as the bus engine is powered by both battery and solar cells, its running cost is almost negligible.
it can travela at a maximum speed of 30 km per hour and seat 10-30 persons.
robot made out of scrap to welcome visitorsa nearly 30 ton robot, prepared by lpu engineering students out of scrap, has been installed to welcome all visitors at the main entrance of lpu.
it is fitted with led display, special light in its eyes and more.
the other scientific creations on display are structure of flourine, self-balancing robot on two tyres, a 14-seater multipedal driven bus and massive microscope model, all created by student research & project cell of the university.
hyderabad: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday dismissed the attempt of various political parties to form an alliance against the bharatiya janata party (bjp).
darned clothes won't last long, he commented on the efforts being made by the opposition parties.
but we are happy.
earlier, the parties used to unite against the congress , now it is against the bjp .
it only shows our popularity, he said at a press conference in hyderabad.
the union minister was talking about the show that was put up by several parties in karnataka recently as they rallied against the bjp.
but we are going to play a big role in andhra pradesh and telangana.
both these states will be our focus areas, ravishankarprasad prasad said.
when pointed out by toi that andhra pradesh chief minister n chandrababu naidu and telangana chief minister k chandrasekhar rao were dismissive about the bjp, prasad quipped: naidu should not disown his legacy of sailing with us for three-and-a-half years.
he added that the opposition unity would serve no purpose as they won't be able to provide a stable government.
they cannot lead and have no acceptable leader, prasad said.
prasad said the outcome of bypolls, most of which have been against the bjp, should not be a barometer to read bjp's popularity.
during general elections, people will vote in favour of the bjp, he said.
he also spoke about the rapid strides it has made in the last four years comparing it with the previous manmohan singh-led upa government.
after demonetisation, telangana was the first state to adopt digital transactions.
i would say it would have been better if there was digital transfer of money, he said, when asked about his opinion on the telangana government distributing cheques to farmers under the rythu bandhu scheme.
kolkata: as musicians mourned pt ravishankarprasad on monday, the fifth anniversary of his death, many of them were also eagerly anticipating a new song on the sitar, the instrument he almost single-handedly made famous the world over.
but the person playing the instrument is not the late sitar maestro, although he is, like him, a giant: guitar god jimi hendrix.
cherokee mist, a new version of the old instrumental piece in the posthumous hendrix album both sides of the sky, to be released on march 9, 2018, features hendrix not on his favourite fender stratocaster guitar, but a sitar.
the piece itself is not new, and the regular version, with hendrix on electric guitar, has been available for years.
but the sitar version has never been officially released, though millions of hendrix fans have heard it before on widely circulated bootlegged tapes and cds.
several indian classical musicians toi spoke to said they had never heard this version, and were very excited about the official release.
although hendrix had never jammed with shankar, he and the indian virtuoso had co-headlined two of the most famous music festivals of the counterculture era  the monterey international pop music festival in 1967, at the height of the summer of love, and the more famous woodstock music & art fair in 1969.
at monterey, hendrix  eager to outdo the whos guitar-smashing set finale  famously set fire to his guitar using lighter fluid.
to shankar, who was to perform later, and who described hendrixs music as fantastic, but so very loud, it was the greatest sacrilege possible.
shankar had reportedly run out of the concert and asked the organisers if he could be excused from performing.
finally, it was decided that he would be given his own stage to perform at a different setting.
video recordings of this performance, with ustad alla rakha on the tabla, are still in circulation.
in the audience is hendrix.
he was very visibly blown by panditji at monterey.
i had no clue he picked up and played sitar, said sitarist niladri kumar , who is curious to hear cherokee mist.
equally interested is tabla player pt tanmoy bose, who accompanied shankar on many occasions.
bose remembered an anecdote about hendrix after he (hendrix) returned from monterey.
hendrix had entered a room where his father was sitting, who asked him jimi, did you meet ravi shankar?
hendrix said: yes, he heard my concert.
hendrixs father hugged him and said: i wish i was there.
on being asked whether hendrix, like beatles star george harrison , had also taken sitar lessons from shankar, bose said he didnt know.
i am looking forward to hearing what hendrix did with the sound of the sitar when he played this track, he said.
sitarist purbayan chatterjee said hendrix used to play a modified guitar, with added resonating sitar-like strings, called the coral electric sitar .
this was done to simulate the twang of a sitar.
i am very intrigued to hear what hendrix did when he played this instrument.
i am certain his style of playing the sitar will be different from ours.
guitarist pt debashish bhattacharya was happily surprised.
the sitar and jimi hendrix are both very dear to me.
i wonder what went on in his mind when he picked up the sitar.
i want to hear the piece with an open mind, he said.
this story is from february 11, 2019ravi shankar prasad during a bjp event in hyderabad on sundaymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday lashed out at congress national president rahul gandhi for his allegations against the rafale deal.
addressing the media after inaugurating the bjps public outreach programme  bharat ke mann ki baat, modi ke saath  the minister said that gandhi had rafale phobia.
the minister expressed concern over rahul gandhis remarks on the deal and said that the congress president was playing with indias safety by talking irresponsibly.
commenting on past allegations of corruption against the gandhi family, prasad said: how many corruption charges were levelled against his father (rajiv gandhi) in the bofors case?
.
.
.
what has been the corruption record of indiraji (former pm), his grandmother?
we have never used the kind of language he has used against pm modi.
the minister said that the army has been seeking fighter planes since 1985 and that the government got 9 per cent lesser price for 36 jets and when loaded with weapons got a 21 per cent lesser cost.
speaking on the bjps chances in the upcoming elections, prasad exuded confidence that the party will get a full majority.
the people of india.
.
.
want to re-elect modi in a decisive manner, he said.
people want a  majboot (strong) government not a  majboor (reluctant) government, he added.
this story is from february 5, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi/kolkata: former ips officer bharati ghosh on monday joined bjp in the presence of union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and party leaders kailash vijayvargiya and mukul roy.
the bjp family continues to grow in west bengal.
i welcome former ips officer bharati ghosh to the party, said vijayvargiya, party leader in charge of west bengal.
a supreme court bench of justices a k sikri and ashok bhushan will take up ghoshs anticipatory bail plea on february 11.
the bench had on october 1, 2018 stayed her arrest until her plea was disposed of.
in february 2018, a midnapore trial court had issued an arrest warrant against ghosh in a gold-for-cash scam that happened allegedly during her stint as west midnapore sp.
talking to toi, ghosh said: i was not compelled to take the decision.
i could have taken the decision earlier but obstructions were put in front of me to pull me back.
today, i decided to take the plunge.
had there been any development in the state, people would have come out on the streets to say so.
people will give their verdict in 2019 (polls).
soon after joining bjp, the former police officer accused west bengal cm mamata banerjee of trying to block the cbi probe into chit fund cases by holding a sit-in in kolkata after the agencys officers on sunday showed up near the home of kolkata police commissioner rajeev kumar, who has been under the scanner in connection with the ponzi scam probe.
questioning the cms satyagraha, ghosh said: why are they on a satyagraha to save one police officer  however brilliant he may be?
it seems the satyagraha is to block the truth from people.
had the police commissioner been such a brilliant one, then why did he fail to bring the guilty to book?
it is unbelievable that sudipta sen (saradha boss) alone usurped more than rs 15,000 crore.
i expected the chief minister would cooperate with the cbi probe.
instead, she sat on dharna.
the serving officers who have been seen sitting on the dharna manch have put the neutrality (of law) under question now.
election commission should take note of the issue, she added.
my priority, ghosh further said, has been to work for the people.
i have been doing so for long.
we will work with everyone and that will create a popular perception.
that perception will be enough to teach a lesson to the wrong-doers.
mukul roy, ghoshs mentor who was once a trinamool mp, said: the cbi is an independent agency.
it has called people from various parties for questioning at one time or the other.
so, those who dont have anything to hide will comply.
it had nothing against me.
cbi is investigating according to the orders of the sc and mamata should let it work.
roy also defended himself.
the investigation into saradha chit fund case has been going on since 2014.
in 2015, cbi called me for questioning and i was questioned for eight hours.
after that, i was with tmc for two years.
i conducted the 2016 assembly election for the party.
roy added that the question is whether democracy will remain in bengal or not.
there is no space for any political opposition in the state.
bengaluru: union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on sunday that he was personally not in favour of linking aadhaar cards with electoral photo-identity cards (epic) of voters as the two serve different purposes.
i am not saying this as an it minister.
.
.
my personal opinion is aadhaar should not be linked with the voter id card, prasad said at an event here.
he said the government was not willing to face accusations of spying on people.
if we do this, our detractors will say, 'pm narendra modi is snooping on us to know what we eat, which movie we are watching' and so on.
i don't want that to happen, the minister said.
the epic card has been linked with the web portal of the election commission of india and you will get election-related information such as your polling booth and its address.
aadhaar is not related to this, he saidthe minister, however, strongly defended the linking of aadhaar with bank accounts, saying it would bring in transparency in reaching the benefits of welfare schemes through direct benefit transfer (dbt).
there is a clear difference between the aadhaar of modi and the aadhaar of manmohan singh.
while singh's aadhaar had no support of law, modi's aadhaar is backed by law, and security and privacy are completely ensured, he said.
he sought to highlight that over 80 crore mobile phones had been linked to bank accounts as part of the centre's jam (jan dhan, aadhaar and mobile numbers) trinity.
he said over 31 crore jan dhan accounts had been opened and over 120 crore mobiles had been linked to aadhar.
once former pm rajiv gandhi had said that of the one rupee spent by the government for welfare of the downtrodden, only 15 paise reach the needy.
now, if the government sends rs 1,000, it directly gets deposited in the bank account of the beneficiary, he added.
defending the need of the unique identification number, he said aadhaar is the digital identity that supplements the physical identity of people.
if you want to travel by train, you have to buy ticket online for which you have to give data.
if you don't want to give data, then take a bicycle.
if you want to eat at a restaurant, you will get an electronically-generated invoice and people will know what you have eaten.
but the government respects privacy and the data is perfectly secure, he said.
the minister said the government would not tolerate any unauthorised use of data for abuse.
new delhi: referring to a slew of constitutional norms and supreme court orders, bjp on wednesday justified karnataka governor vajubhai vala 's decision to invite b s yeddyurappa to take oath as cm and countered congress's accusations of illegality.
l aw minister ravishankarprasad prasad reminded congress leaders about rajiv gandhi's decision in 1989 of not staking claim to form the government despite heading the single-largest party.
rahul gandhi and soniaji keep talking about family legacy.
let me remind that even rajiv gandhi had refused to stake claim in 1989 despite being the single largest party and said the mandate was for v p singh.
congress should at least take lessons from its own leaders, prasad said.
he read out relevant parts of the sarkaria and punchi commission reports to justify bjp's claim to government formation as he said the two commissions had suggested that a pre-poll alliance, single largest party or post-poll alliance, in that order, should be invited to form government.
he said the sc judgment in bommai case was irrelevant in karnataka as the order was about a government losing the vote of confidence and then having to prove majority.
he cited a recent sc judgment in arunachal pradesh matter in which the court had said it had no different view from sarkaria and punchi commissions over discretion of the governor to invite a party for government formation.
p rasad questioned congress's moral claims as he reminded how the congress at the centre had dismissed four bjp governments in 1992 after babri masjid demolition even as the other three states - rajasthan, mp and delhi - had nothing to do with it.
new delhi, apr 1 () india is now the second largest mobile phone producer in the world after china, as per information shared by indian cellular association with telecom minister manoj sinha and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
we are happy to inform you that with the strenuous and calibrated efforts of government of india, ica and fttf, india has now emerged as the second largest producer of mobile handset by volume, ica national president pankaj mohindroo said in a letter to both the union ministers on march 28.
ica referred to data available from market research firm ihs, china's national bureau of statistics and vietnam general statistics office.
according to the data shared by ica, annual production of mobile phones in india increased from 3 million units in 2014 to 11 million units in 2017.
india replaced vietnam to become second largest producer of mobile phones in 2017.
with the rise in mobile phone production, imports of the devices in the country also reduced to less than half in 2017-18.
we are also happy to inform you that our completely build units as percentage of domestic market has now come down from 78 per cent (2014-15) to 18 per cent (2017-18), mohindroo said.
the fast track task force, a body under ministry of electronics and it, has set target to achieve around 500 million mobile phone production in india by 2019, with value estimated to be around usd 46 billion.
the fttf (), which has members from industry and government, has set target to create usd 8 billion component manufacturing as result of growth in mobile phone production and create 1.
5 million direct and indirect jobs by 2019.
the body has set the target to export 120 million mobile phone units with an estimated value of usd 1.
5 million by the end of next year.
as long as we bring the right focus on exports, we will be able to achieve these numbers, mohindroo said.
new delhi: the centre is all set to put before the cabinet on friday the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017, to make the practice of instant triple talaq an offence.
according to the draft bill sent out to states earlier this month, it was proposed that triple talaq be made a cognisable and non-bailable offence that would attract a jail term of three years.
the draft law was prepared in the backdrop of the august 22 verdict of the supreme court striking down the practice of instant triple talaq as illegal.
the draft law was sent to states for their views on december 1and they were asked to reply by december 10.
the governments justification for the law stems from the fact that there have been reports of several divorces by way of talaq-e-bidat despite the sc verdict.
assam, jharkhand madhya pradesh , maharashtra, manipur, uttar pradesh and uttarakhand have written back to say that they support the draft legislation.
the draft law, which will be considered by the cabinet on friday, was prepared by an inter-ministerial group headed by home minister rajnath singh.
the other members include external affairs minister sushma swaraj , finance minister arun jaitley, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and his junior in the ministry p p chaudhary.
according to the proposed law, a victim of instant divorce can seek the custody of her minor children as well as maintenance from her husband by approaching a magistrate after registering a complaint with police.
under the law, triple talaq in any form  spoken, in writing or by electronic means such as email, sms or whatsapp  would be banned.
trafficking draft law toothe trafficking of persons (prevention, protection and rehabilitation) bill, 2017, in the works since last year, is slated to be tabled before the union cabinet for approval on friday.
the draft bill addresses prevention of trafficking, and rescue and rehabilitation of victims.
it makes way for stringent punishment.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday said that it was possible to develop technological solutions to overcome the problem of encryption on social media platforms such as whatsapp that will help tackle the spread of rumours which resulted in lynching and clamp down on dissemination of messages related to terrorism or radicalisation.
nothing is impossible in technology, the minister said in a special address at the global business summit, while appreciating some of the steps taken by whatsapp, which has been under fire on the issue.
the social media giant has maintained that it was not possible for it to read messages due to the encryption technology.
internet should not remain the monopoly of a few.
it must reflect local ideas and culture.
internet must be safe and secure and government has a role as one of the stakeholders.
internet should not become a means to promote terror, radical thought and create disorder in the society.
.
.
you have got the right to appreciate, the right to criticise.
but if internet is abused to foment terror, radicalise and destroy india, surely a call has to be taken, he said.
the minister also took a dig at the governments opponents saying, those politicians who used to deride it are today on twitter and enjoying it.
ahead of the elections, prasad had a word of caution for social media giants.
indian democracy is very important.
facebook, twitter, whatsapp have powerful presence in india, but dont abuse data to derail indian democracy because indian democratic process has to be free and fair.
prasad also said the data protection law, which is in the works, will seek to maintain data sovereignty, while recognising the need for its use by business.
privacy has come as a fundamental right by the supreme court.
some degree of data movement is required but sensitive data, deeply personal data needs to be located in india.
we have come with the idea of fiduciary of data.
but we are also pragmatic.
we need a balance between data availability, data utility, data anonymity and data innovation.
i am very keen that india becomes a centre of data analytics, he said.
the minister said technology, along with aadhaar, was not just helping make government schemes more efficient, but also creating jobs with the government opening bpos in small towns and a proliferation of mobile manufacturing units in recent years.
patna: consultations and lobbying in state political circles started on saturday with the election commission announcing on friday election to the 59 rajya sabha seats, including six from bihar, on march 23.
the notification for the election will be issued on march 5 while march 12 is the last date for filing nomination papers, which are scheduled to be scrutinized on march 13.
march 15 is the last date for withdrawal of candidatures.
two of the six seats from bihar are represented by union ministers dharmendra pradhan and ravishankarprasad prasad while the one represented by ali anwar from jd(u) is already vacant following his disqualification for anti-party activities a few months back.
the disqualification of sharad yadav as jd(u) rajya sabha member is pending before the court.
hence, election for that seat has not been announced.
besides pradhan and prasad (both of bjp), mahendra prasad alias king mahendra, bashishtha narain singh and anil kumar sahni of jd(u) are completing their terms on april 2.
as per rules, a candidate in bihar requires 35 mlas to win a rajya sabha seat.
as rjd has 79 mlas, it can easily win two seats and transfer the nine surplus votes to its ally congress, which has 27 mlas in the state.
the jd(u) has 71 mlas and can easily win two seats.
a party insider said jd(u) national secretary general k c tyagi might get preference over retiring member mahendra prasad.
with its 52 mlas, the bjp can easily win one seat.
since pradhan and prasad both are retiring, the party may shift one of the two to neighbouring uttar pradesh where election to 10 rajya sabha seats will also be held on march 23, bjp sources said.
state congress president in charge kaukab quadri on saturday said his party would like to contest one seat in bihar as the opposition combine of rjd, congress and cpi(ml) has more than 105 votes required for winning three rajya sabha seats.
quadri, however, said a final decision on contesting the election would be taken by the partys central leadership.
for rjd and jd(u), the final decision on candidates would be taken by their chiefs, lalu prasad and nitish kumar, respectively.
this story is from january 12, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
motihari: the official website of the east champaran district has been selected by the union information and technology ministry (it) in district category under the digital india award scheme for its outstanding contribution towards the implementation of e-governance schemes.
the it ministry through a letter informed the east champaran dm raman kumar that district informatics officer sanjib kumar mishra, district manager of it cell satish kumar and the dm will be honoured with web ratna award by union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad at an official function in new delhi on january 17.
according to sources, websites of the three district of the country have been selected for the coveted award.
the digital india award is aimed at encouraging government entities, which have made significant contribution towards implementation of e-governance and shown an exemplary and innovative approach to achieve administrative efficiency and transparency.
mishra said, the government has initiated this ambitious programme of digital india on its axiom of minimum government and maximum governance to facilitate the centres efforts to promote and uphold the use of world wide web for enhancing efficiency and transparency of government machinery and encouraging its speedy transition.
jaipur: snehlata, who runs a common service centre ( csc ) in alwar district of rajasthan, has been providing exemplary service by spreading digital literacy among the banjara community, tweeted ravishankarprasad prasad , minister of electronics and information technology, on wednesday.
she has been educating banjara women about menstrual hygiene and providing low cost sanitary pads.
but she won't be alone in empowering women through digital literacy if the state government's move to train one member of every family in the state goes as per plan.
for the statewide initiative, the government has drawn out a strategy to provide digital training to 1.
5 lakh women under the esakhi programme.
once trained, the esakhis will make other women digitally literate and help them benefit from public welfare schemes and avail e-governance services through mobile phones or computers.
the initiative, conceptualized by the department of information technology & communication (doit&c) is being implemented by the rajasthan knowledge corporation ltd through its nearly 7,000 centres.
it has already drawn 35,000 women volunteers.
about 35,000 women have downloaded the app which can be used to apply for an esakhi.
we have laid out a process for selection.
once selected, they will be given training which will start in the next 15 days, said a top official in doit&c.
through the scheme, the department aims to bridge the digital divide between residents and various state government schemes, ensuring effective service delivery through a digital medium.
the strategy involves training at least four to five women from every village and 10 from every ward in urban or suburbs.
in all, 1.
5 lakh volunteers will be enrolled as esakhis, who will further train at least 100 people from their respective villages which is estimated to cover 1.
5 crore households.
the chief minister's vision for women's empowerment was realized with the implementation of bhamashah yojana.
with esakhi, it's a paradigm shift in the empowerment of women and an example for others to follow.
the idea is to empower people to use it to ensure complete ease of service delivery as well as making themselves happier,said akhil arora , principal secretary, doit&c.
while the state government has been trying to empower women through bhamashah, esakhi is an extension of the scheme to make them digitally literate.
girls in the age group of 18-35 who have passed class xii and have bhamashah id are eligible to apply.
they also need to have a smartphone along with email ids.
esakhi will not only train people on how to use important services or it applications of the state government but also ensure that in the coming days every trained person can access digital services using his or her own mobile or e-mitra kiosk, said the official.
this story is from february 14, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: bjp, which has been at the receiving end of rahul gandhi 's allegations of corruption in the rafale deal , leapt on the cag's finding that the modi government had got the french fighter jets cheaper to claim vindication and attack the congress chief.
the cag report has completely vindicated the nda government's stand.
it has blasted the big lie that was being spearheaded by the congress.
the congress president had manufactured a statistic 500 versus 1,600, data which doesn't exist anywhere.
he repeated that lie ad nauseam, union minister arun jaitley said.
how does democracy punish those who consistently lied to the nation?
the lies of 'mahajhootbandhan' stand exposed by the cag report, he added.
satyameva jayate - the truth shall prevail.
the cag report on rafale reaffirms the dictum, he tweeted.
comparing the pricing, he added, 2016 vs 2007 terms - lower price, faster delivery, better maintenance, lower escalation.
with congress promising to use the alleged rafale scam as its main campaign theme, the cag report could not have come at a better time for bjp.
the federal auditor has not accepted the government's claim that it brought down the cost of rafale jets by 9 , and has calculated that the schedule of their delivery was quickened by just a month.
but the government and bjp are happy the report has rejected rahul's corruption charge and made light of what a senior source called technical caveats.
he also dismissed congress's objection to the report prepared under rajiv mehrishi and said, no file related to the rafale deal ever went to him when he was finance secretary.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad cited the sc order that said there was no occasion to doubt the process of the rafale deal to assert there was nothing left for rahul to question in the deal.
this story is from february 17, 2019prime minister narendra modidownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: prime minister (pm) narendra modi will either inaugurate or lay foundation stones for several infrastructure projects worth around rs 33,000 crore at begusarai on sunday.
the projects for which foundation will be laid include expansion of production capacity of barauni refinery from 6 million metric tonnes to nine million metric tonnes per annum, setting up an amonia-urea fertilizer complex at barauni refinery, expansion of paradip-haldia-durgapur lpg pipeline up to patna and muzaffarpur, sewerage projects worth rs 452.
33 crore, patna metro rail project, establishment of medical college at chhapra and upgradation of government medical colleges at bhagalpur and gaya.
the pm will inaugurate 415km-long jagdishpur-haldia-dhamra pipeline project, patna city gas distribution project, phase 1 of patna riverfront development project, ranchi-patna weekly air-conditioned train and electrification of biharsharif-daniyawan, fatuha-islampur and sugauli-raxaul rail sections.
governor lalji tandon, cm nitish kumar, union ministers ram vilas paswan, ravishankarprasad prasad, giriraj singh, r k singh, ram kripal yadav and ashwini kumar chaubey will also attend the event.
the pm is scheduled to address the audience around 12pm.
this will be the second time that pm modi will share dais with cm nitish after the latters return to the nda in july 2017.
the two had earlier shared the stage at mokama on october 14, 2017 when pm modi had laid foundation for infrastructure projects worth rs 3,769 crore.
though it is a sombre moment for the entire country, development work cannot stop.
hence, pm modi will launch projects worth rs 33,000 crore, which will benefit state and the entire eastern india.
some projects, including expansion of barauni refinery, are part of pms special package for bihar, deputy cm sushil kumar modi told toi, adding bihar has ushered in a new era of manifold development with double engine of nda government at the centre and in state.
the expansion of barauni refinery is expected to increase the demand of petroleum products in eastern india.
according to sources, the barauni fertiliser plant of hindustan fertilizers corporation ltd (hfcl) has been closed since 1999, but on july 13, 2016, the union cabinet had approved plans for revival of hfcls barauni, sindri and gorakhpur plants through a special purpose vehicle (spv) of the ntpc, coal india limited and the indian oil corporation (ioc) for setting up a gas-based ammonia-urea plant of 1.
27mtpa capacity at an estimated expenditure of rs 6,000 crore each.
later, 480 acres of land of barauni fertiliser unit was transferred to hindustan urvarak and rasayan ltd (hurl) on lease for reviving the plant.
another salient feature of the revival of barauni refinery is setting up of an aviation turbine fuel hydro-treating unit, which is aimed at fulfilling the demand of aviation fuel in bihar and nepal.
new delhi: the government is considering changes in the law to enable confiscation of an absconding nri husbands share of joint property and prevention of alienation of commonly held land to build pressure on delinquent spouses who refuse to answer court summons.
spurred by reports of several cases, many from punjab, of nri husbands who marry women promising an attractive lifestyle but turn deserters soon after, a group of ministers has shortlisted possible measures that will act as a deterrent and also help deliver justice to wives in distress.
these measures include a dedicated website for putting up unanswered summonses which will be set up by the ministry of external affairs.
if husbands facing legal action refuse to answer or evade summonses, these will be deemed to have been served once they appear on this website.
this is to deal with offenders who move countries and sometimes change identities to evade the legal process.
also under consideration are strict measures like revocation of passports in case of husbands who fail to respond to summonses and declaring them absconders.
compulsory registration of nri marriages within 48 hours of a wedding being solemnised is another measure that will be put on fast track now.
the development is significant as the gom, comprising of senior ministers like sushma swaraj maneka gandhi and ravishankarprasad prasad , felt that there is a strong need to find solutions, even innovative ones, to tighten the law and bring the non-resident indian offenders to book.
singh chaired the deliberations.
the move will take the shape of a cabinet proposal after legal scrutiny.
the gom, which had considered the legal tenability of measures, is understood to be in agreement of the changes in the law that will be required.
according to officials, there will be a need to amend the code of criminal procedure (crpc), the marriage registration act and passport rules.
new delhi: the government is working on a long-term solution to deal with volatility in global crude prices and frequent revisions in retail rates of petrol and diesel, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said after the cabinets meeting on wednesday without outlining the options being considered.
the government is keen that instead of having an ad hoc measure it may be desirable to have a long-term view which addresses not only the volatility but also takes care of the unnecessary ambiguity arising out of frequent ups and downs, he told a news conference.
it seems the government wants to wait and watch the oil prices some more.
but if projections by various investment banks and trade analysts are anything to go by, it may have no other option but to cut excise duty.
other options such as changing the pricing formula to revise customs duty on petrol and diesel, even though they are not imported, at best will be the topping.
dumping daily revisions will bring the governments reforms agenda into question.
india is particularly at risk from stronger global prices for crude oil as it is the third-highest importer of the commodity buying about 80 per cent of its oil needs.
m k surana, chairman of state-run fuel retailer and refiner hindustan petroleum corporation , said the government should review taxation of petrol and diesel to provide relief to the customer.
he said going back to a costplus method of calculating prices against the current system of pricing fuel daily at a 15-day moving average of benchmark product prices would be a retrograde move.
the long-term solution is bringing petroleum products under the gst regime, he added.
oil minister dharmendra pradhan has been blaming the unilateral opec decision to cut production, fall in venezuelas output due to political instability and the prospect of us sanctions against iran for runaway pump prices.
no doubt, these factors have pushed up benchmark crude prices to $80/barrel and the impact has been amplified by a falling rupee.
rising pump prices are already adding to inflationary pressure and are strengthening the case for a rate hike.
the economic survey, issued by the finance ministry at the end of january, estimated a $10 per barrel rise in global oil prices reduced growth by 0.
2-0.
3 percentage points, increased wholesale price inflation by about 1.
7 percentage points and worsens the current account deficit by about $9-10 billion.
this story is from february 4, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hitting out at cm mamata banerjee and tmc, bjp on sunday said the state government denying permission to the up cms chopper to land was a glaring case of undemocratic and fascist behaviour.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said his party would urge the election commission to take notice.
we would urge the ec to take notice of it as a popular cm of the countrys largest state (in terms of population) was not allowed to hold a public meeting, he added.
a bjp delegation will meet the ec on monday, party sources said.
this story is from january 3, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: government on wednesday introduced an amendment bill in lok sabha to provide legal backing for voluntary seeding of biometric aadhaar id with mobile numbers and bank accounts after the supreme court barred mandatory use of the 12-digit unique identifier by private firms.
amid objections to the amendments from the opposition, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the proposed amendment is in compliance with the sc judgement.
he also said that the government will introduce a data protection bill in parliament soon.
prasad also said privacy of individuals was not being invaded at all from these amendments and that the government had factored in parallel authentication norms to safeguard privacy issues.
we should not forget that aadhaar has led to saving of rs 90,000 crore through direct benefit transfers (dbt), the minister said.
problem: 39 indians dead; govt on the mat, caught lying.
solution: invent story on congress & data theft.
resul https://t.
co/xw5kzl3oh1  rahul gandhi (@rahulgandhi) 1521693865000this is not just a question of congress partys association with a rogue data analysis firm but it is a question of https://t.
co/z8wu6irgxg  rsprasad office (@officeofrsp) 1521618950000new delhi.
rahul gandhi today said the bjp government is accusing the congress of having links with a dodgy data firm only to draw attention away from the controversy over the 39 indian hostages killed in iraq by isis reacting to the allegations made by it minister ravishankarprasad prasad , the congress president took to twitter to call the data leak charges an invention by the bjp.
union minister prasad had yesterday questioned grand old party's and its chief rahul's links to the data analytics firm cambridge analytica (ca), which has been accused of illegally mining private data of facebook users to influence elections.
there were reports of sudden surge in rahuls social media following by using bots.
does ca have any role in building fake following of rahul on social media.
will the congress party now depend upon data manipulation and data theft to win elections?
prasad questioned.
the congress communications-in-charge randeep surjewala rebutted the bjp minister's accusations by calling the bjp a factory of fake news and questioning the saffron party's links with ca instead.
ca's linked website shows that in 2010 its services were used by bjp-jd(u).
firm's indian partner ovlene business intelligence is being run by bjp ally's mp's son.
obi company's services were used by rajnath singh in 2009, surjewala told mediapersons.
ca is a british firm which came in the eye of the storm following an investigation by britain's channel 4 which alleged that the firm mined personal information of 50 million facebook users for for president donald trump during the 2016 elections campaign.
this story is from november 10, 2018women celebrate bhai dooj in patna on fridaydownload the times of india news app for latest citypatna: people celebrated chitragupta puja and bhai dooj with religious fervour across the city on friday.
thousands of devotees thronged thakurbari temple at gardanibagh and sought blessing from lord chitragupta on the occasion of chitragupta puja.
at several places, community pujas were organised and idols of lord chitragupta installed.
cm nitish kumar and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad visited thakurbari temple and prayed for peace and prosperity in the state.
the two also participated in community lunch offered on the temple premises.
shankar also attended the pujas organised by shri chandragupta puja samiti at a g colony and indrapuri.
people celebrated chitragupta puja with religious fervour and participated in traditional puja that began with writing with pen and ink in front of the idols of lord chitragupta and his 12 ancestors.
shri chitragupta aadi mandir prabandhak samiti at sadikpur organised a series of cultural events after the puja and distributed prasad among devotees.
samiti incharge rajesh kumar sinha said even kids, who have not started their schooling, sought blessing from lord chitragupta for knowledge.
biradari bhoj and prasad distribution followed by cultural programmes at shri chitragupta puja samiti, kadamkuan.
a calendar for 2018 with photographs of lord chitragupta was also released on the occasion.
bhajans and kirtans were organised at many puja venues in the evening.
meanwhile, women in city prayed for long and healthy life of their brothers on the occasion of bhai dooj.
women, including young girls, participated in rituals wearing colourful attire.
on this day, sisters apply tilak on the foreheads of their brothers and tie holy thread on their wrists.
new delhi: the income tax department has issued summonses to rjd chief lalu prasad's mp daughter misa bharti and her husband in connection with its probe in rs 1,000 crore alleged benami land deals and a tax evasion case.
the development followed the arrest of chartered acountant rajesh kumar agrawal by the enforcement directorate on may 22.
agrawal is alleged to have aided in llegal transactions involving lalu's kin.
officials said the department has asked bharti, a rajya sabha member, and her husband shailesh kumar to appear before the investigating officer (io) here in the first week of june.
the department had on may 16 searched multiple premises of about two dozen entities connected to this case and seized documents and computer hardware.
they said the summonses to bharti and kumar are part of the investigation and their statements will be recorded.
the couple are alleged to have links with a firm-- ms mishail packers and printers private limited-- which is suspected to have entered into benami deals for purchase of a farm house in delhi's bijwasan area.
certain other property deals are also under the scanner of the taxman, they said.
i-t department officials had said they will apply provisions of the newly enacted benami transactions act, 1988, which became operational from november 1 last year, in this case.
the law provides for a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and a fine.
the action under this new law will be over and above the legal proceedings under the income tax act, 1961, which relates to charges of domestic tax evasion.
tax department officials had said lalu's kin held some of the properties under their scanner in a 'benami' way.
benami properties are those in which the real beneficiary is not the one in whose name the property has been purchased.
the rjd chief, however, sought to put up a brave face after the raids, saying he was not scared at all and will continue to fight against fascist forces.
bjp mein himmat nahi hai ki lalu ki awaz ko daba sake.
.
.
lalu ki awaz dabayenge to desh bhar me karoron lalu khare ho jayenge.
.
.
main gidarbhabhki se nahi darne wala hoon (bjp does not have the courage to stifle my voice.
.
.
if it tries to silence one lalu, crores of lalu will come forward.
i am not scared of empty threats), he had said in a series of tweets after the search operation.
the bjp had also accused prasad, bharti and his two sons tejashwi and tej pratap, both bihar government ministers, of being involved in corrupt land deals worth over rs 1,000 crore, and asked the central government to probe one such transaction in delhi.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad had alleged that these transactions were a case of quid pro quo, suggesting that money was paid in return for favour, as they dated back to the period when lalu was the railway minister, and dared bihar chief minister nitish kumar to take action against him.
lalu's rjd is a constituent of bihar's ruling coalition led by kumar.
lalu's official residence was the address of the owners of the firms allegedly floated by his family members, ravishankarprasad prasad had said.
new delhi: in a significant development, the union cabinet on friday approved the proposal to introduce the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill 2017, to make talaq-e-biddat or instant triple talaq illegal and a punishable offence.
pronouncing that this form of divorce may land the husband in jail for up to three years and a fine, triple talaq would be a non-bailable, cognisable offence.
with the cabinet approval, the ruling dispensation has made way for introduction of the bill in the parliament the government is hopeful that the bill will be passed in the winter session itself, though it expects some rough weather during its passage.
however, since this is not a constitutional bill, it will require the backing of a simple majority.
after the cabinet meeting, union minister for law ravishankarprasad prasad said, the bill is designed to provide a human shield for muslim women.
however, prasad refused to share details saying that he would not like to elaborate on the details as parliament is in session.
as of now, the draft law is prospective in nature.
but if parliament feels, it can be implemented retrospectively once it is passed and gets the president's nod, prasad said.
the husband could also be fined and the quantum of fine would be decided by the magistrate hearing the case.
the government has justified the urgent need to bring the bill as the practice still continues despite the supreme court striking down instant triple talaq.
the proposed law also creates provisions wherein the woman who is a victim of instant triple talaq can approach a magistrate seeking subsistence allowance for herself and minor children.
she can also seek the custody of her minor children from the magistrate.
under the draft law, triple talaq in any form spoken, in writing or by electronic means like email, sms and whatsapp-would be illegal and void.
'bharat bandh' on sc/st ruling: all you need to know the nda government today filed a petition seeking review of the supreme court order diluting the provisions of the scheduled castes and the scheduled tribes (prevention of atrocities) act, which protects marginalised communities against discrimination and atrocities.
no automatic arrest under sc/st act, says sc, allows bail holding that caste poses a serious threat to unity and integrity of the country, the supreme court on tuesday said steps should be taken to achieve the constitutional goal of a caste-less society and prevent misuse of law resulting in spreading hatred on caste lines.
new delhi: amid mounting criticism and strike calls, the centre will file a petition on monday seeking review of the supreme court judgment diluting the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989.
the petition will be filed on a day several organisations, with support of some political parties, have called for countrywide bandh in protest against the sc order.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad tweeted, review petition by the government against the sc judgment on sc/st act shall be filed positively tomorrow, monday, april 2.
the government is likely to tell the top court that the order banning automatic arrest and registration of cases for alleged harassment of scs/sts will dilute the law which aims to protect the marginalised.
sources said in its review petition, the social justice ministry is likely to say that the order will weaken provisions of the act.
the ministry is likely to plead that the order will reduce the fear of law and may result in more violations, the sources said.
according to government sources, the decision was taken after a discussion among the ministries of law and social justice.
the social justice ministry will file the review petition.
while meeting dalit mps, prime minister modi had recently assured that the government was going through the sc order and a review petition was being considered.
however, protests escalated with dalit organisations hitting the streets and the opposition painting the government as anti-dalit.
sources said the decision was taken to file the petition immediately to assuage enraged dalit organisations and assure them that the government was serious about protecting their rights.
a delegation of nda's sc and st mps, led by ljp chief ram vilas paswan and social justice minister thaawarchand gehlot , had met modi last week to discuss the apex court's judgment.
gehlot recently wrote to law minister prasad seeking a review plea against the sc verdict.
gehlot said the sc/st act was passed by parliament and upheld by the courts and should stay as it is.
he told toi that in all criminal cases, cases were lodged in normal course and there was no provision for inquiry by a dsp level officer before filing the fir.
so, making this provision of preliminary inquiry under sc/st act was not justice friendly.
this story is from december 4, 2018bihar governor lalji tandondownload the times of india news app for latest citypatna: bihar governor lalji tandon inaugurated a bust of dr rajendra prasad, the first president of india, at an event organized at t k ghosh academy to mark his 134th birth anniversary on monday.
addressing the gathering, tandon said, this school is the pride of bihar as dr rajendra prasad had studied here.
established in 1869, t k ghosh academy has been referred to as a good school in prasads autobiography.
the new building of the school, spread over one acre of land in ashok rajpath near patna college , was inaugurated by deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi last year.
the function was attended by union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, minister of state for rural development ram kripal yadav and mla sanjeev chaurasia.
college of commerce, arts and science: at least 500 delegates from different parts of the country will attend the 7th bihar science congress, to be inaugurated by union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, at college of commerce, arts and science on tuesday.
according to college principal tapan kumar shandaliya, the event, being organized in collaboration with bbrains development society, aims to bring together experts from various fields to evaluate the development in the existing higher education system.
the theme of the programme is science and technology quality education, research and innovation for sustainable development.
sxce: college day celebrations at st xaviers college of education (sxce) began with ish vandana and swagatam geet on monday.
rajasthani, assamese, classical, punjabi, santali and nagpuri dance performances and a qawwali were the highlights of the event.
a skit based on the life of jesuit societys co-founder st francis xavier was also presented on the occasion.
the chief guest of the event was aryabhatta knowledge universitys vice-chancellor arun kumar agrawal and the guest of honour was patna womens college principal sr maria rashmi.
the guests gave away prizes to winners of an essay competition organized to celebrate hindi diwas on september 14.
the topic of the essay was strength is life, weakness is death.
kriti rani, mamta prasad, lata kujur, masum anshu, jitesh kumar and saurab kumar were felicitated in different categories.
cusb: a five-day inflibnet regional training programme in library automation was inaugurated at central university of south bihar (cusb) on monday.
allahabad university librarian bhupendra kumar singh, who was the key speaker, said documentation of historical literature, books and manuscripts with proper care was important.
such training programmes are beneficial as they help participants discuss technological advancement in the area of library science, singh said.
this story is from october 25, 2018new delhi: the cabinet on wednesday approved the appointment of an adjudicating authority and the setting up of an appellate tribunal for speedy disposal of cases related to benami transactions , law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said after the cabinet meeting.
finance ministry release said the adjudicating authority and appellate tribunal will be based in the national capital territory of delhi.
the appointment of the adjudicating authority would provide first-stage review of administrative action under the prohibition of benami property transactions (pbpt) act, it said.
this story is from december 26, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lucknow: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has appealed to the supreme court to fast-track the hearing in the ayodhya title suit.
when the supreme court can give its verdict on the sabarimala temple case promptly, why is the ram janmabhoomi issue pending for the past 70 years, prasad said on monday after inaugurating the national convention of all india lawyers' board here.
i appeal to the supreme court in my personal capacity to hear the ram janmabhoomi issue like (a) fast-track court for a prompt disposal of the case, the minister said at the function which was also attended by sc judge justice m r shah.
why must we worship babar?
prasad said.
showing a copy of the constitution, he said, there is a mention of ram, krishna as well as akbar but there is no mention of babar.
.
.
but if we talk about such things in the country, a different kind of controversy is raised.
on tuesday, rss joint general secretary krishna gopal echoed prasad's views when he told the convention that while sc swiftly delivered a verdict on sabarimala and jallikattu, it kept the contentious ram janamabhoomi case pending for almost 70 years.
gopal said judiciary during ancient times was driven by 'kartavya' (duty), but that's not seen today.
he said judges should set an example before people through their behaviour.
this will safeguard social and cultural values of the country, he said.
dharm satya se upar hai.
is baat ka sabko khayal rakhna chahiye (religion is above truth.
everyone should keep this in mind), gopal said, urging lawyers and judges to take up cases on priority.
commenting on the temple issue, vhp national spokesperson vinod bansal told toi on tuesday: we don't think the matter can be resolved soon in court as vested interests are delaying the verdict.
the judiciary is under threat from congress props to delay judgment till parliamentary elections are over.
patna: union law and information technology (it) minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on friday the constitution has provided for reservation under the scheduled caste (sc) category only for dalit groups among the hindus, sikhs and buddhists, and no social entity of other religions, including muslims, could claim for reservation benefits as prescribed for the sc groups.
if any social group from any other religion  including muslims  makes claim for the quota benefit as dalit category, it has to explain that the social discrimination has existed in its religion as the constitution is clear that in the sc category, the reservation is only for hindu, sikh and buddhist dalits.
this cannot apply to any social group from any other religion claiming to be dalits, prasad said at the state bjp headquarters.
prasad said demands have been recently raised in bihar on behalf of some muslim groups for their inclusion in the sc category for the quota benefit.
state bjp president nityanand rai accompanied prasad.
prasad said hindu religion has been marked by discrimination against scs or dalits, which is why the framers of the constitution had made provisions for what is called the dalit groups.
the minister, describing himself as a private individual, said if some social groups among muslims are recognized as dalit muslims and included in the sc category, then they would only eat into the existing quota prescribed for the hindu, sikh and buddhist dalits.
prasad seemingly made the observations in the backdrop of the recent alleged dilution of the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act, 1989, made by the supreme court order, and the controversy arising thereof.
dalit groups held pro-reservation bharat bandh on april 2, countered by the anti-reservationists on april 10.
the organizations of dalit groups and political parties supporting the april 2 bandh maintained that the apex court had given the order because the bjp-led pm narendra modis government did not argue its point of view in the court.
prasad said the centre had not been made a party in the case that the supreme court heard after the bombay high courts ruling.
he insisted that the sc/st act was first framed in 1989 when the bjp was partner in the v p singh government and the narendra modi government strengthened its provisions by expanding the incidents that could invite application of the act.
prasad also cited a slew of economic and other measures that had been taken for the uplift of the scs and sts.
the government of pm modi has worked for the change in their life and also for their empowerment, prasad said.
citing two circulars issued by the government of dalit leader mayawati in uttar pradesh, he said they amounted to serious dilution of the sc/st act in its implementation.
lucknow: uttar pradesh is set to become the first state in the country to repeal 1,000 british era laws , some of them over 150 years old.
the government plans to repeal them in one go.
the yogi government has drawn up a list of such obsolete laws and will table a bill in the forthcoming budget session for their repeal.
up law minister brijesh pathak said many such laws have lost relevance in the wake of new legal provisions enacted over the years.
all such laws are being scrutinised for being repealed in one go, he told toi.
the list compiled by the law department also mentions the united province act, 1890, enacted by the british governor-general-in-council on october 16, 1890, for better administration of the north-western provinces and oudh.
incidentally, the decision to scrap obsolete laws comes a week after the yogi government celebrated the first up diwas to commemorate the 68th year of ups formation from the erstwhile united provinces.
in december, the lok sabha, too, had passed two bills repealing 245 obsolete and archaic laws, including the 1911 prevention of seditious meetings act.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said over 1,800 obsolete laws had been abolished since the modi government came to power.
before that, parliament had repealed 1,029 laws in 1950.
the process of identifying old and irrelevant laws was initiated in september 2014 after the 20th law commission of india, then headed by justice ap shah, asked prasad to continue the process under the project identification of obsolete laws.
the commission had noted the study had a holistic approach and long-term objectives, including suggesting ways and steps for modernisation and reforms of laws and of legal structures.
such a study has to begin by identifying and recommending repealing of laws which are obsolete and have ceased to be relevant.
the commission also noted the study needs to identify laws which are inconsistent with modern and newer laws, with supreme court judgments and international conventions signed and ratified by india.
as a teen growing up in kolkata of the 60s, tv commentator ajoy bose fell in love with the beatles , but his father hated the legendary english pop band, chiefly because of the length of their hair.
so, later when the statesman-the bible for the bengali genteel folk-acknowledged the band, it was vindication for fans like bose.
in 1968, when the beatles came to maharishi mahesh yogi's ashram in rishikesh, there was a huge controversy, recalled bose.
the communist and socialist opposition were up in arms thinking they were cia spies, said bose, setting the tone for a discussion with philip norman , british writer and chronicler of pop music, on this landmark visit that was said to infuse the band's songwriting with spiritual undertones.
for five years prior to this visit to india, the band had been on a punishing schedule.
the band was sickened by the hysteria and john (lennon) was always looking for a way out.
for him, it was yoko.
for george (harrison) it was india, said norman.
a strange twist of fate had made george harrison pick up the sitar and eventually meet sitar maestro pandit ravi shankar.
the band had first met the maharishi in london.
but soon after, their manager, brian epstein , died suddenly in 1967, leaving the beatles 'defenseless'.
this was when the yearning for what norman calls a fast-track to divinity became stronger and a visit to rishikesh for transcendental meditation became their interlude.
new delhi: india is now the second largest mobile phone producer in the world after china, as per information shared by indian cellular association with telecom minister manoj sinha and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
we are happy to inform you that with the strenuous and calibrated efforts of government of india, ica and fttf, india has now emerged as the second largest producer of mobile handset by volume, ica national president pankaj mohindroo said in a letter to both the union ministers on march 28.
ica referred to data available from market research firm ihs, china's national bureau of statistics and vietnam general statistics office.
according to the data shared by ica, annual production of mobile phones in india increased from 3 million units in 2014 to 11 million units in 2017.
india replaced vietnam to become second largest producer of mobile phones in 2017.
with the rise in mobile phone production, imports of the devices in the country also reduced to less than half in 2017-18.
we are also happy to inform you that our completely build units as percentage of domestic market has now come down from 78 per cent (2014-15) to 18 per cent (2017-18), mohindroo said.
the fast track task force, a body under ministry of electronics and it, has set target to achieve around 500 million mobile phone production in india by 2019, with value estimated to be around usd 46 billion.
the fttf, which has members from industry and government, has set target to create usd 8 billion component manufacturing as result of growth in mobile phone production and create 1.
5 million direct and indirect jobs by 2019.
the body has set the target to export 120 million mobile phone units with an estimated value of usd 1.
5 million by the end of next year.
as long as we bring the right focus on exports, we will be able to achieve these numbers, mohindroo said.
ahmedabad: after facing criticism from congress vice-president rahul gandhi for not announcing its manifesto even after the end of campaigning for the first phase of polls in gujarat, bjp released the document on friday.
union finance minister arun jaitley, who is in charge of the 2017 polls in gujarat, union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and state bjp president jitu vaghani released the ' sankalp patra '.
bjp has not set targets as it did in the 2012 manifesto - for instance, it had promised 50 lakh homes (which it could not deliver).
it has not promised any new major scheme either in the 2017 manifesto.
however, it says it will ensure double-digit growth and will continue its existing policies.
the model code of conduct imposed by the election commission is in effect and there are some restrictions attached to the period 48 hours prior to polling, jaitley said.
candidates' photos cannot be published.
therefore, today's manifesto draft has no photographs of the cm and the state party president as they both are candidates .
jaitley, stressing the sankalp patra focuses on 'vikas', said, crisil, a rating agency, released data a day ago which indicated that among all large states of india, gujarat is on top in achieving double-digit growth of 10  constantly over the past five years, followed by mp which had 8.
2  growth.
gujarat achieved such a growth rate when global economy was not booming.
he said during the boom, even china was growing at only 9.
5 .
the performance speaks for itself.
those questioning development would have to understand it, jaitley said.
he said bjp was working on socio-economic parameters of gujarat including infrastructure, education, and the progress of backward communities.
new delhi: in a mega outreach, the government will unleash a three-week long engagement with people across the country by holding major events highlighting its pro-poor, pro-dalit and pro-farmer steps starting april 14, which is the birth anniversary of babasaheb ambedkar sources said the eight major events will include distribution of free lpg connection to the poor, launching of ayushman bharat and gram shakti abhiyaan across 20,000 villages.
prime minister narendra modi and all union ministers will attend events that will be held across the country, sources said.
one of the key focus areas is sending clear message of governments stand on protecting the dalits .
some of the ministers will visit villages that have more than 50  dalit population on may 2, said a source.
the plan was discussed at the cabinet meeting on wednesday evening.
toi has learnt that different ministries will be coordinating the events.
for example, the event marking ambedkars birth anniversary celebration at district level will be led by the social justice ministry.
there will be events on april 24 to mark panchyati raj divas.
the government has also set up a ministerial committee to deal with all dalit related issues that the centre needs to tackle and particularly the likely fall out of the ongoing hearing in the supreme court on prevention of atrocities against scs/ sts act.
senior ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, ram vilas paswan and thawar chand gehlot will be part of this ministerial committee.
sources also said during the third week of the outreach programme there will be workshops of doubling farmers income, skill development and rural livelihood mission.
this story is from december 13, 2018representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citynew delhi: crime branch has filed a chargesheet against self-styled godman ashu maharaj , his son samar and his two aides, saurabh and ravishankarprasad , for raping woman and her minor daughter since 2013 .
the woman had approached the cops earlier this year alleging that the baba had sexually assaulted her several times since then.
ashu was arrested from the house of a follower in ghaziabad, while his son and associates were caught when they were trying to surrender at the court last friday.
cops have charged the four accused for gang rape and invoked sections of the protection of children from sexual offences (pocso) act based on the statement of the woman and her daughter recorded before a magistrate.
in her complaint, the woman had told the cops that ashu aka asif khan and his son samar khan had been blackmailing her to visit them occasionally, during which ashu sexually assaulted her on the pretext of treating her daughter.
during investigation, cops questioned 32 witnesses including security guards, neighbours and followers who had provided corroborative evidence in which the womans versions were found to be true.
ashu too was taken to his ashrams to identify the crime scenes as per the womans description.
she claimed that she used to visit the ashram for her daughters treatment.
ashu would give a massage to her six-year-old daughter by removing her clothes as part of the treatment.
she said that during diwali in 2013, ashu had called her to his ashram and asked his manager, ravishankarprasad , to give her a drink that was laced with sedatives and had raped her.
shankars confession too was verified.
when the woman realised this and confronted ashu, he threatened her.
she said that in 2016, she got a call from ashus son saurabh, who asked her to meet him at the ashram.
there, he had raped her along with his friend.
when she complained about this to ashu, he told him whatever belonged to him could also be shared by his son.
this story is from november 19, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: ahead of the un climate conference, environment ministers and top negotiators of basic nations - brazil south africa , india and china - will brainstorm here in a two-day meeting beginning on monday on how not to let rich nations pass gaps in their 'pre-2020 climate efforts' to the post-2020 period.
if rich nations are allowed to do so, it will put an additional burden of mitigation (cutting emission of greenhouse gases) on developing countries post-2020.
under the kyoto protocol , only rich nations (historical polluters due to their early industrialisation) are expected to cut their emissions and take other climate actions by 2020.
but under the subsequent global deal ( paris agreement ) which is meant for post-2020 actions, the responsibility to cut emissions falls on all countries as per their voluntarily set targets.
pre-2020 action and ambition remain very important concerns for india.
it is important to ensure that developed countries honour their pre-2020 goals and commitments before it is too late, said a government's note on the country's stand and agenda points of the basic meeting.
expecting the second commitment period of kyoto protocol (2013-2020) to come into force before the un climate conference (cop24) in december, the note said, it is also important to ensure that we do not displace the delicate balance we achieved between pre-2020 and post-2020 actions when we agreed upon the paris agreement.
besides environment minister harsh vardhan, the indian side will be represented by environment secretary ck mishra and joint secretary (climate change) ravishankarprasad prasad among others in the basic meeting.
the meeting will help consolidate a strong stand of the basic group in framing rules, procedures and operational modalities for implementation of the paris agreement.
the cop24, which will run from december 2 to 14 in katowice in poland, is expected to adopt those rules, called paris agreement work programme.
developing countries, including the basic group, will work to ensure that all decisions at cop24 adhere to the core principles of the un framework convention on climate change and the paris agreement, including equity and common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities (cbdr-rc).
another key concern for developing countries is the issue of support from developed countries including finance, technology transfer and capacity building.
finance is one of the critical enablers of climate actions in developing countries and any regression or slow progress in climate finance will hamper progress towards achieving the goal of the convention, the note said.
new delhi: the government is working on a long-term solution to deal with volatility in global crude prices and frequent revisions in retail rates of petrol and diesel, law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said after the cabinets meeting on wednesday without outlining the options being considered.
prasads statement came as an anti-climax because statements by bjp chief amit shah and oil minister dharmendra pradhan had raised anticipation of a cut in excise duty, though they had not specifically said so.
no wonder prasads statement failed to cut much ice with consumers or the opposition parties as state-run fuel retailers, who had frozen retail rates for 19 days till the karnataka election, raised pumps prices for the 10th straight day since they resumed the revisions on may 14.
petrol price rose to rs 76.
17 per litre and diesel to rs 68.
34 in delhi, the reference market.
prices in other cities, including mumbai, are much higher due to the higher incidence of state and local taxes.
it seems the government wants to wait and watch the oil prices some more.
but if projections by various investment banks and trade analysts are anything to go by, it may have no other option but to cut excise duty.
other options such as changing the pricing formula to revise customs duty on petrol and diesel, even though they are not imported, at best will be the topping.
dumping daily revisions will bring the governments reforms agenda into question.
hpcl chairman m k surana said going back to a cost-plus method of calculating prices against the current system of pricing fuel daily at a 15-day moving average of benchmark product prices would be a retrograde move.
the long-term solution is bringing petroleum products under the gst regime.
pradhan has been blaming the unilateral opec decision to cut production, fall in venezuelas output due to political instability and the prospect of us sanctions against iran for runaway pump prices.
no doubt, these factors have pushed up benchmark crude prices to $80/barrel and the impact has been amplified by a falling rupee.
but real objective behind the blame-game seems to be to shift public gaze away from he fact that it had raised excise duty9 times between november 2014 and january 2016 when oil prices practically went into a free fall.
motihari: prime minister narendra modi on tuesday blamed opposition parties for recent communal clashes in bihar and praised cm nitish kumar for effectively handling the situation.
speaking at a function organised under the chalo champaran campaign, part of the swachh bharat mission (sbm), at motihari , the pm said opposition parties were out to create lawlessness, mislead gullible masses and derive political mileage.
i laud nitish-ji for the patience with which his government is battling corruption, social evils and communal disturbances, the pm said and added the centre would extend all possible support to bihar in maintaining good governance.
while the centre is at work to unite people, modi regretted, opposition parties are at work to break the society.
wiping out communalism will be our best tribute to outfreedom fighters, he said.
nitish in his speech also appealed to people to respect each other and stop violence in the name of caste and religion.
union minister for food protection and consumer affairs ram vilas paswan used the event, organised by the state government, to take on the opposition on the issue of reservation and welfare of dalits.
pm modi has already announced that the reservation for scs and sts will never be abolished, but the opposition parties are spreading rumours to mislead innocent people, he said.
the pm also accused the rjd of delaying the electric locomotive factory project at madhepura.
the project was approved as early as 2007, but the files gathered dust for eight years.
the nda government took up the project three years ago and the first phase has now been completed, modi said.
on the occasion, the pm flagged off the first 12,000-horsepower freight electric locomotive assembled at the madhepura factory.
he also laid the foundation of the track-doubling work on the muzzafarpur-sagauli (100.
6 km) and sagauli-valmikinagar (109.
7 km) sections.
he also flagged off bi-weekly hamsafar express from katihar to delhi using remote control.
bseides, the pm laid the stone of a 376.
12-km sewer network in saidpur and pahari sewerage zones in patna under the centres namami gange project.
the pm also laid the stones of a petroleum oil lube and lpg terminal at motihari, a new lpg bottling plant at harsiddhi, a six-lane nh-2 from aurangabad in bihar to jharkhand, and a water supply project at bettiah.
the highlight of the event, however, was the launch of satyagrah se swachhagrah movement.
the pm addressed 20,000 swachhagrahis, or cleanliness ambassadors, who have been working in bihar for the past few weeks to spread awareness about sanitation.
i salute the spirit of mahatma gandhi present inside every individual today.
those who say history does not repeat itself, can see this picture of mass movement at motihari.
we are taking forward mahatma gandhi's ideals through the swachhagraha movement, modi said.
the pm lavished praise on nitish for working to turn bihar into a open defacation-free state by constructing a large number of toilets in a short time.
bihar has built about eight lakh toilets in a year and will soon catch up with the national average, modi said.
bihar deputy cm sushil kumar modi and union ministers radha mohan singh, ravishankarprasad prasad, s s ahluwalia, giriraj singh, ashwini chaubey and ramkripal yadav were also on the dais.
on january 9, 1915, mahatma gandhi returned to india from south africa, landed at the apollo port in mumbai and eventually led his first satyagraha movement (non-violent freedom struggle) from champaran in 1917.
in commemoration of the hundredth year of the champaran movement, the nitish government organised a number of events over the last one year and concluding functions are being held at motihari from april 10 to 16.
this story is from november 14, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: with change in law and regulations to step up deterrence and crackdown on absconding nri husbands getting delayed, minister for women and child development maneka gandhi has written to home minister rajnath singh seeking a meeting to discuss ways to expedite the process.
it is learned that the home minister may hold a meeting soon on the matter with gandhi, minister for external affairs sushma swaraj and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad this meeting will be critical as it will decide the course of action the government proposes before the winter session of parliament.
a proposal that will have to be sent to the cabinet has been in the works for many months now and the proposed changes will require amendments to the criminal procedure of conduct, passport rules and marriage registration act.
sources said a draft proposal pertaining to the amendments has been readied by mea but the law ministry and mha have certain reservations over some provisions.
according to sources, following gandhis letter, the home minister has agreed to call the meeting of the informal group of ministers.
this informal group of four ministers led by singh was set up in june to discuss concerns and look for solutions to concerns arising out of recommendations made by the inter-ministerial panel on the matter and agreed upon in principle in june.
led by sushma swaraj the inter-ministerial panel was set up in 2017.
when this group of ministers met in june this year, singh chaired the deliberations where it was felt that there is a strong need to find solutions, even innovative ones, to tighten the law and and bring non-resident indian offenders to book.
the meeting was to be followed by preparation of a cabinet proposal after legal scrutiny.
the meeting which had considered the legal tenability of measures is understood to be in agreement of the changes in the law that will be required.
however, the finalisation of the proposal is still under process as fresh concerns have been cited.
to build pressure on absconding nri husbands who have failed to respond to court summons, the centre has been exploring changes in law to enable confiscation of joint family property and alienation of land to stop any sale of commonly owned property.
it was also proposed to bring changes in laws for putting up unanswered summons on the website of the ministry of external affairs and these will be considered served.
also under consideration have been stringent measures like revocation of passports in case of husbands who fail to respond to summons and declaring him an absconder.
compulsory registration of nri marriages within seven days of marriage being solemnised is another measure that the wcd ministry has been demanding must be put on fast track.
panaji: drishti cruises and ferries pvt ltd have unveiled plans to set up walkways and temporary floating jetties at arossim, benaulim, mobor and palolem to commence ferry cruises for tourism and coastal travel.
the projects approval has been kept on hold till the coastal zone management plan can be finalized, a goa coastal zone management authority source said.
these ferry services will link with the inland waterways system, said chief executive officer, drishti cruises and ferries pvt ltd, ravi shanker.
infrastructure to be installed in the inter-tidal zone comprises a fixed and floating walkway from the beach, ranging from 30m- 60m at the four beaches.
the floating section ranges from 50m-100m, culminating in a floating platform for boarding passengers.
the walkways are to be located in crz i area, while the floating jetty and floating platform are beyond the low tide line - a crz iv area.
walkways ranging from 60sqm-120m and 180m-240m will occupy beach area.
government has not given thought to the impact on local communities, said president, goenchea ramponkarancho ekvott, agnelo rodrigues.
<strong>motorcycle contingent, 'seema bhawani'</strong> +new delhi: marching contingents, strategic defence weaponry and colourful tableaux were on display as india celebrated its 69th republic day with a grand parade watched by thousands of people along with ten asean leaders who attended the event as chief guests, in a historic first.
signifying india's fast growing strategic ties with asean, leaders of all the 10 countries of the powerful bloc attended the parade at the majestic rajpath which showcased the country's military might and cultural diversity.
cold weather conditions and dense fog failed to dampen the enthusiasm of thousands of spectators who witnessed the nearly one-and-half-hour-long parade that marched down the eight-kilometre stretch from the rajpath to the red fort amid an unprecedented security cover.
the asean leaders, here to attend the india-asean commemorative summit, joined president ram nath kovind and modi at the republic day parade, making it an unprecedented event.
the parade was commanded by lt general asit mistry, general officer commanding, headquarters delhi area.
the supreme commander of the indian armed forces president kovind took the salute at the parade.
myanmar's state counsellor aung san suu kyi, vietnam prime minister nguyen xuan phuc, philippines president rodrigo duterte, thai prime minister gen prayut chan-o-cha, singaporean premier lee hsien loong and brunei's sultan haji hassanal bolkiah were among the asean leaders who attended the event.
indonesian president joko widodo, malaysian prime minister najib razak, prime minister of laos thongloun sisoulith and cambodian premier hun sen also watched the grand parade.
they were seen sharing light moments with each other and capturing memories in their cameras.
most of the ministers of the modi government, including home minister rajnath singh, finance minister arun jaitley, health minister j p nadda, information and broadcasting minister smriti irani, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and environment minister harsh vardhan were present on the occasion.
they were seen applauding the tableaux of their respective states.
congress president rahul gandhi also attended the parade.
he was seen sitting in the middle rows and chatting with senior congress leaders and leader of the opposition in the rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad.
india's former prime minister manmohan singh, delhi chief minister arvind kejriwal and deputy chief minister of delhi manish sisodia were also present on the occasion.
there was a march past at the ceremony by the army personnel carrying the asean flag.
the army personnel also carried the flags of the 10 asean nations in the parade.
twenty three tableaux, including those representing various states, ministries, the all india radio (air) among others, rolled down the rajpath.
tableaux from 14 states and union territories showcased the historical, art and cultural heritage of the country.
the highlight of the parade was the, comprising women personnel of the bsf that showcased their skills for the first time at the parade.
the indian army's t-90 tank (bhishma), ballway machine pikate (ii/iik), brahmos missile system, weapon locating radar (swathi), bridge laying tank t-72, mobile base transceiver station and akash weapon system were also showcased at the parade.
the marching contingent of the army included horse- mounted columns of the 61st cavalry, the punjab regiment, maratha light infantry, the dogra regiment, ladakh scouts, the regiment of artillery and 123 infantry battalion -- territorial army (grenadiers).
the marching contingent of the navy, comprising 144 young sailors, was led by lieutenant tushar gautam, while the indian air force contingent, comprising 144 men, was led by squadran leader attal singh shekhon.
the paramilitary and other auxiliary civil forces, including the border security force also marched on the rajpath.
camel contingents, indian coast guard, sashastra seema bal, indo tibetan border police, the delhi police, national cadet corps and national service scheme were also among the marching contingents at the parade.
there were a number of interesting tableaux that rolled down rajpath.
combat vehicles during the republic day parade.
(reuters photo)this year the indian navy's tableau showcased the theme 'indian navy combat ready force for national security'.
the navy also showcased its indigenous aircraft carrier (iac) vikrant, which will be commissioned in 2020, while the defence development and research organisation exhibited the 'nirbhay' missile and the ashwini radar system.
the theme of the indian air force tableau was themed 'indian air force encouraging indigenisation' which displayed models of the tejas multirole fighter aircraft, rudra helicopter, arudhra radar and the akash missile system.
the tableau of all india radio featured modi's monthly address 'mann ki baat', was one of the many firsts this year.
an income tax department tableau, about special anti- black money drive launched post-demonetisation, that rolled down rajpath was also on the list of many firsts.
on behalf of the central government, 61 tribal guests from various parts of the country had been invited to witness the republic day celebrations.
fifteen of the 18 children who won the national bravery award also participated in the parade.
three children, including two girls, have received the award posthumously.
of the 18 children, seven are girls and 11 are boys.
in the children's section, over 800 boys and girls drawn from three schools in delhi along with a group of school children from nagpur and dimapur, performed colourful dances on different themes.
the grand finale of the parade was a spectacular flypast by mi-17 and rudra armed helicopters along with a number of iaf aircraft.
the flypast commenced with the 'rudra' formation comprising three alh mk iv wsi helicopters in 'vic' formation, followed by the 'hercules' formation comprising three c-130j super hercules aircraft.
trailing them were the 'netra' which is an airborne early warning and control system aircraft also known as 'eye in the sky'.
'netra' was followed by the 'globe formation' comprising one c-17 globemaster flanked by two su-30 mkis among others.
minutes before the parade began, the prime minister, defence minister nirmala sitharaman and chiefs of the army, navy and air force paid tributes at the 'amar jawan jyoti', the war memorial at india gate where an eternal flame burns in memory of those who laid down their lives defending the frontiers of the nation.
as per tradition, after unfurling the national flag, the national anthem was played followed by a 21 gun salute.
a massive ground-to-air security apparatus was put in place in the national capital, turning the city into a virtually impregnable fortress.
the ceremony ended with the playing of the national anthem and the release of thousands of balloons.
modi and president kovind also waved to the crowd after the conclusion of the ceremony and were greeted with loud cheers.
chandigarh: all the four atm kiosks, situated opposite to the entrance of chandigarh railway station, have been lying sealed for over six months posing difficulties for the passengers who cannot use them during emergencies.
the four bank atms located in the vicinity are dena bank, union bank, uco bank and sbi.
the atm kiosks, that were once working have been rendered useless, after the bank authorities concerning all the four banks allegedly failed to clear the rent dues pending with the railway station to the tune of lakhs.
according to a railway official, dues from some of the atms have been pending since over two years.
meanwhile, the lack of atm at a place of heavy tourist concentration has severely affected the travelling experience of tourists, who cannot withdraw money at times of emergency.
these atms have been sealed by the railway authorities pertaining to some dispute with banks.
according to shankar, none of the other banks have cash left in the machines, except dena bank, which requires constant monitoring.
the problem is huge.
over 400-500 passengers enter or exit the station gates all day and night, on an average everyday.
about 200-300 of them expect to come and use the atms here and i get tired of telling them that the atms are not working.
it is so inconvenient, added shankar.
which railway station does not have an atm?
places like this needs to have some basic facilities like this.
its common sense.
think about passengers deboarding the trains late at night.
what if they need money to eat something from the station or nearby?
what will they do?
said mihir shukla , a passenger travelling from ambala.
according to sources, union bank atm was sealed over 7 months ago, followed by sbi and others.
the nearest atms are located almost a kilometre away in dariya market.
the auto-wallahs and rickshaw-pullers have hence started charging exhorbitantly to drop passengers over there.
even the army officers deployed for security do not get money all day.
many times, the passengers need money with a lower denomination to pay to the auto-wallahs and rickshaw pullers.
atms are usually the easiest way to do that, but they cant anymore, said irshad, a rickshaw puller.
public relation officer at chandigarh railway station praveen dwivedi said, they have been sealed because the banks have failed to clear their dues pending with the railway station.
it is their fault that they are not taking care of their own customers, not ours.
the dues are in lakhs and have remained unpaid for over two years.
several notices were sent to the bank authorities before sealing the atm outlets.
when asked whether chandigarh railway station is arranging for new atm kiosks in the meantime, she said, that proposal is under consideration, but nothing has happened so far in that regard.
immediate action requiredi had not noticed that the atms here dont work.
i had aonly rs 500 note and wanted to withdraw rs 100 note to eat something from the tiny shops here.
however, i couldnt withdraw do so due to the lack of atms prakash swami (32) | passengeri have not faced any emergency so far.
but, it can happen any day.
these atms should be fixed at the earliest.
this story is from october 20, 2018fugitive diamantaire nirav modi bought it for rs 32 crore last yeardownload the times of india news app for latest citymumbai: inspired by mahindra group chairman anand mahindra 's crowdfunding suggestion to turn rhythm house into a music hub, the bmc's heritage committee has proposed that the civic body or the state government acquire the kalaghoda building and use it as a performance space for artistes.
heritage committee member and j j school of architecture's principal rajiv mishra said, it is a good idea for the authorities to acquire the erstwhile music shop through public money and keep it open to the public for promoting art and culture.
a senior civic official said that usually the bmc only acquires property that is marked in the development plan (dp) for public purpose.
rhythm house is not marked thus; it is private property, owned by fugitive diamond merchant nirav modi and attached by the enforcement directorate (ed).
the heritage committee came up with its idea in a recent meeting to decide on modi's earlier request to allow signage on the building to promote his jewellery brand.
the request was made before modi got into trouble for allegedly defrauding the punjab national bank (pnb) of thousands of crores.
after being booked by the cbi, the ed registered a money laundering case against him and attached several of his properties, including rhythm house, in february.
modi bought the building in 2017 through his company firestar diamond from its owners, the curmally family, for rs 32 crore.
his plan was to convert the heritage property into a high-end jewellery showroom, needless to say, to the consternation of music lovers.
set up in 1948 by sulaiman nensy, rhythm house was later taken over by the curmally family, which managed the store for 70 years.
flanked by art galleries, the store-which sat at the mouth of the kalaghoda heritage precinct-was known for its listening booths, elaborate catalogue, dynamic owners and warm staff.
not only was it a hit with vinyl collectors, but also became a hub for the music industry.
regulars included bollywood music composers kalyanji-anandji, actor shammi kapoor and sitar maestro pandit ravi shankar.
the store was visited by international bands such as jethro tull and the police, and local legends like ustad zakir hussain and a r rahman.
the heritage committee, in the middle of discussions with modi's representatives, trying to convince them to reduce the size of the signage they wanted, got a reason to reject the proposal altogether after the ed's action.
we have discussed what kind of help the bmc can provide if any institution acquires the structure for public purpose.
promoting music will, of course, be rhythm house's best use, said a panel member.
panaji: at long last, beach shack operators have begun doing their bit towards garbage management, with most having commenced segregating garbage.
drishti marine, the company entrusted with cleaning the states beaches, has observed that shack operators have begun segregating waste generated at their end.
over the past year we have been working with shack owners regarding proper methods of segregating dry and wet waste, shankar said.
the company said that from january 1 till april 15, it collected 7.
9 lakh kg of waste from beaches, which is almost triple the amount collected during the previous year for a corresponding period.
another factor, he said, that could have added to the increase is the waste and debris that washes ashore during high tide.
drishtis #tera mera beach, a 150-day campaign to create awareness among visitors about waste management at beaches concluded recently.
as much as 25,000kg of garbage was collected.
kolkata: the centre has initiated pre-appointment formalities for the appointment of shampa sarkar, ravi krishan kapur and arindam mukherjee as calcutta high court judges.
the three advocates were part of the five names recommended by the supreme court collegium last december for appointment as judges.
the sc collegium, comprising chief justice dipak misra and justices j chelameswar and ranjan gogoi, had also recommended sabyasachi chaudhury and sakya sens names for appointment as judges.
officials here said the centre could agree to these two names as well.
the calcutta hc has a sanctioned strength of 72 but now has only 30 judges on the bench.
two of the judges preside over the port blair circuit bench on a fortnightly basis, effectively reducing the bench strength further.
the calcutta high court bar association , the bar library club and the incorporated law society have been on a cease-work since february 19 demanding that these vacancies be filled up.
governor keshari nath tripathi had met the agitating lawyers on february 23 and promised to take up the issue with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
the lawyers, too, have sought an appointment with prasad to urge him to fast-track the appointment of 13 more names sent by the calcutta hc chief justice to the apex court.
we stand vindicated.
we will seek our senior members opinion on monday.
we will have a general body meeting on tuesday to decide our next step, calcutta high court bar association president uttam majumdar said.
bar library club president jayanta mitra said: i will urge my colleagues to withdraw the cease-work.
.
.
we will continue to flag this issue.
.
.
till 50  of sanctioned posts are filled, he said.
incorporated law society secretary paritosh sinha said he would comment only after tuesdays meeting.
new delhi: reacting sharply to former pm manmohan singhs attack on pm narendra modi for accusing congress of using pakistan to influence the gujarat election, the government on monday defended the pm.
on a day when modi came under attack from manmohan and pakistan protested against being dragged into indias domestic politics, finance minister arun jaitley said at a presser, i am surprised that congress is demanding an apology from the pm when it is they (congress) who should apologise for not following the declared national line on pakistan.
he said the main opposition party was expected to follow the national policy, which was that terror and talks could not go hand in hand.
is (the) main opposition party not part of the state?
he asked, adding that while in opposition, bjp would never engage with pakistan without the governments nod.
jaitley said if anyone defied the national line, they should be prepared to answer questions.
it is a political misadventure, it has a political cost, he added.
jaitley, who was accompanied by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad , maintained that manmohan singh should not have met former pakistan foreign minister khurshid mahmud kasuri at congress leader mani shankar aiyars residence.
on pakistan, mani shankar aiyar has always followed a line which has not been consistent with the official position.
but for a former pm to defy the national position.
.
.
is a serious misadventure, jaitley said.
the fm added that congress, being the principal opposition party, was an important stakeholder and a party to the official decision.
instead of protesting, the former pm should explain what was the justification of the meeting, jaitley said.
asked about manmohans assertion that gujarat never figured in the discussions with kasuri over dinner, the fm said, i would not got into those details.
the meeting should not have taken place because it conflicted with national policy.
jaitley also recalled that the manmohan government had allowed pakistan to score two major diplomatic gains: first, the understanding that pakistan would not allow its territory to be used for anti-india terror activities was done away with and, second, at sharm-el sheikh, pakistans allegation about indias involvement in balochsitan was included in the bilateral agenda.
prasad condemned pakistans unwarranted statement and said indians were capable of conducting elections on their own.
today, a very curious statement has been released by pakistan foreign office.
.
.
saying indians must learn to fight elections on their own, he said.
india, he added, completely abhors any outside interference in its electoral affairs.
prasads retort came after pakistan foreign office spokesman mohammad faisal tweeted, india should stop dragging pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on its own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible.
the tweet came after modis speech in gujarat on sunday where he talked about a secret meeting at aiyars home attended by the pakistan high commissioner, a former pakistan foreign minister, a former vp of india and former pm singh, among others.
the meeting, modi said, came a day before aiyar called him neech.
this story is from december 18, 2018members protest in the well of the lok sabha during the winter session of parliamentmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: congress on monday gave notices of breach of privilege in both houses of parliament against pm narendra modi and the government, demanding an explanation why they supplied wrong information on the rafale deal to the supreme court.
in lok sabha, leader of congress in the house mallikarjun kharge, k c venugopal and punjab mp sunil jakhar moved a privilege motion against the pm for 'deliberately misleading the sc and parliament in connection with the recent judgment on the rafale fighter jet deal'.
leader of opposition in rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad sent the notice to the rajya sabha chairman.
i have given a breach of privilege notice against the government and, in particular, against law minister ravishankarprasad prasad as it was the law ministry that gave the go ahead for presenting the affidavit before the supreme court, azad said.
it is understood that the affidavit was in the knowledge of the prime minister, which provided wrong information.
this government can speak a lie even to the supreme court and send a wrong affidavit to it and thus mislead the parliament and the entire country.
we have no faith in such a government, azad said, adding it was the first time that a government had provided wrong information to the sc.
this is why our demand for a joint parliamentary committee becomes more relevant.
we demand that a jpc be formed to probe theft in the rafale deal, azad said, adding that they would continue to make the demand till the government accepted it.
there is a direct infringement of parliamentary privilege.
you have tried to mislead the court to get a stamp of approval on false facts like cag, like pac, like hal.
all of which have a direct connection with the discussions, content and direction of parliamentary work.
cag and pac fall exclusively in the parliamentary domain, congress leader abhishek singhvi said.
his colleague kapil sibal added the government tried to mislead the sc as well as the country.
congress also undercut finance minister arun jaitley's assertion that a jpc into the rafale deal was not tenable.
it argued that there had been six jpcs in the past, with four being ordered by congress regimes and two by the atal bihari vajpayee government.
so why can the same not be ordered on a scam of over rs 41,000 crore?
azad asked.
on the other hand, three members of the ruling party in the lok sabha moved notice of breach of privilege against rahul gandhi, alleging that the congress chief spoke falsehood and misled the house over the fighter contract during a debate in july.
bjp mps anurag thakur, nishikant dubey and sanjay jaiswal sought action against rahul over his speech during the debate on the no-confidence motion against the narendra modi government in the monsoon session.
nishikant dubey has also accused rahul of breach of the code of ethics saying that gandhi has been continuously spreading baseless canard against pm by way of scripting imaginary stories regarding rafale deal.
the sc last week dismissed petitions seeking a probe into alleged irregularities in the rafale deal.
rahul has, however, stuck to his allegations of corruption in the purchase and demanded a probe by a joint parliamentary committee (jpc).
in their notice against the congress leader, the bjp mps quoted him as saying that the upa government had agreed to buy the aircraft at rs 520 crore per piece but when the bjp-led nda government signed the deal, the cost went up to rs 1,600 crore apiece by magic.
the above statement is entirely untrue.
we categorically assert that the price comparison given by rahul gandhi is a figment of imagination.
it was an attempt to mislead the house, they alleged in their notice.
it is up to speaker sumitra mahajan to decide whether to take up the notice.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
surat: surat municipal corporation (smc) has received silver award in open data champion category of digital india award of government of india.
the award was received by cy bhatt, deputy commissioner smc from ravishankarprasad prasad , union minister of electronics and information technology and law and justice, in new delhi on friday .
more than 600 entries from across the country were received in eight different categories for the digital india awards.
smc had started its open data portal in october 2017 to provide it-based services to citizens.
smc provides online data pertaining to property tax, professional tax, vehicle tax, marriage registration, birth and death registration, census information etc.
it is the only civic body in the country to launch an open data portal in coordination with national informatics centre.
this story is from january 20, 2019<p>rjd chief lalu prasads eldest daughter misa bharti.
<br></p>download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: rjd chief lalu prasads eldest daughter misa bharti has courted controversy by saying that she felt like chopping off union minister ram kripal yadavs hands the day she saw him holding a book, lalu leela, which is written by deputy cm sushil kumar modi attacking her father, at a function in patna.
we had huge respect for him, but things changed the day he joined hands with sushil kumar modi he used to cut the chaff.
the day i saw him holding the book of sushil kumar modi, i felt like chopping off his hands with the same chaff-cutting machine, misa said at a public meeting at bikram on wednesday.
the matter came to light on saturday when news channels beamed the footage of the video.
lalu leela was released by modi in october in the presence of several union ministers, including ravishankarprasad prasad, giriraj singh, radha mohan singh and ram kripal.
the bjp has condemned misas statement, saying it showed the culture in the rjd and the first family of the party.
misas statement is not surprising.
it shows the kind of culture in which she has grown up, bjps state vice-president devesh kumar said.
ram kripal was with the rjd for 17 years before joining the bjp after rjd gave ticket to misa to contest from pataliputra parliamentary constituency in 2014 lok sabha election.
he won the seat on a bjp ticket, defeating misa, who later became a rajya sabha member from rjd.
pataliputra has been a high-stake seat for the rjd and misa.
this time also, lalus elder son tej pratap yadav has projected misa as rjds pataliputra candidate.
the book mentioned by misa was titled lalu leela, which highlights how the rjd chief and his family allegedly amassed properties through illegal means when they were in power.
modi had released the book in patna in october last year in the presence of several union ministers, such as ravishankarprasad prasad, giriraj singh, radha mohan singh and ram kripal.
the 200-page book is primarily a compilation of over 40 press conferences held by modi from april to july last year, in which he highlighted benami deals and shell companies associated with lalu family.
new delhi: congress rubbished law minister ravishankarprasad prasads allegations linking it to controversial data firm cambridge analytica , announcing that neither the party nor its chief rahul gandhi have ever hired the entity and instead levelled allegations that ca had been associated with bjp in the past.
the party alleged online profiles of ca reveal the company played a key role in bjps campaign in four states, including bihar elections in 2010 and in its 272+ campaign.
aicc distributed copies of the web profile of ca and its india partner ovelina business intelligence (obi).
reacting to prasads allegations that ca could be part of the congress campaign in 2019, aicc spokesman randeep surjewala said, bjps factory of fake news has produced one more fake product today.
it appears that fake press conferences, fake agendas, fake spins and fake statements have become the everyday character of bjp and its lawless minister of law ravishankarprasad prasad .
he said neither congress nor rahul had ever taken the services of the said company.
surjewala said it was prime minister narendra modi who has been seen in the company of facebook chairperson mark zuckerberg.
surjewala said cas local partner obi openly states it achieved target 272+ for bjp and provided constituency-wise database to its candidates and extended support in national elections and state elections of haryana, maharashtra, jharkhand and delhi.
new delhi, apr 22 () trai will finalise its recommendation on privacy, security and ownership of data in telecom sector by the month-end, its chairman r s sharma has said asserting that the regulator intends to give the issue its due importance.
the comments by the sector regulator assume significance as issues around data protection have come under the spotlight, and privacy concerns have amplified in the wake of the recent facebook data leak fiasco.
the telecom regulatory authority of india (trai) had floated a consultation paper on the privacy, security and ownership of data in telecom sector last year and followed it up with an open house discussion in february this year.
our recommendation on data privacy, security and ownership of data in the sector will come by the end of this month, sharma told in an interview.
trai will also share the views with the justice b n srikrishna committee, which is working on a detailed data protection framework for the country.
we will be making the recommendations available to the justice srikrishna committee.
essentially, we will provide these as our inputs.
.
.
we have already written to them saying we are expected to come out with our views and we will be sharing them, sharma said.
over the last few weeks, there has been a loud outcry over data privacy and protection issues after british data analytics and political consulting firm cambridge analytica was accused of harvesting personal information of 87 million facebook users illegally to help political campaigns and influence polls in several countries.
the indian government too shot off notices to both the companies questioning them on the impact of the data breach, following which facebook admitted that nearly 5.
62 lakh people in india were potentially affected by the incident.
while the indian government is examining the responses furnished by facebook and cambridge analytica, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad last week said the new data protection law - currently in the works - will be finalised soon.
the trai chairman termed data privacy, security and ownership extremely important and relevant issues but declined to comment further on the regulator's ensuing recommendations.
i will not be able to lay out the contours, but we treat this subject as extremely sensitive and important and we give it the importance which it deserves, he said.
trai's consultation paper has sought to define personal data, who should be its owner, responsibilities of entities storing or controlling data of subscribers for delivering services among various other aspects, to give users more control over their digital data.
it had noted that many mobile applications seek access to subscriber data like call records, access to microphone, pictures, sms and the likes which may not be required for providing the service desired by the user, and had even flagged the one-sided nature of these arrangements with an uneven bargaining power between the provider and the user.
new delhi: in its effort to double farmers income by 2022, the government on wednesday approved continuation of the agri umbrella schemegreen revolution - krishonnati yojanawith a central outlay of over rs 33,269 crore till march 31, 2020.
the programme was launched last year after clubbing the existing 11 different schemes for better implementation and monitoring.
the 11 schemes, focussing on creating/strengthening of infrastructure of production, reducing output cost and marketing of agriculture and allied produce, have been under implementation for the past few years.
the cabinet committee on economic affairs ccea ) approved the umbrella scheme in agriculture sector beyond 12th five year plan for the period from 2017-18 to 2019-20, said union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad earlier, all the schemes used to be appraised independently.
since a multiplicity of authorities had become an obstacle in proper implementation, the government had merged it under the umbrella scheme last year.
under the umbrella scheme, the midh will get the highest amount (over rs 7,533 crore) as central share.
new delhi: bjp on wednesday took on congress and former finance minister p chidambaram over the 80:20 gold import scheme, asking why certain trading houses, including now-tainted mehul choksis gitanjali gems, were allowed to import gold just a day before the 2014 lok sabha results were announced.
countering congress leader anand sharma, who claimed the allegations against chidambaram were not backed by facts, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad shared the purported office memorandum allowing trading housing to import gold.
prasad said bjp made charges after doing its homework.
.
.
.
was it a price, was it a consideration, was it pressure or was it an obligation.
why did mr chidambaram, a well-informed politician, take this decision one day before results?
he said.
prasad claimed the nature of pressure or price could be assessed from the fact that in a single day, the file travelled with supersonic speed through nine desks after his signature, followed by the memorandum.
raising questions, the bjp minister said, chidambaram knew the constitution and any person having the slightest consideration of democratic integrity, propriety and sanity of democratic polity would never do this.
the minister showed an rbi notification dated may 21, 2014, claiming that the central bank administration notified the order to allow trading houses to import gold before the new government assumed office.
upa introduced the 80:20 rule in august 2013 allowing traders to import gold only after they exported 20  of gold from their previous import.
nda scrapped the rule in 2014.
this story is from december 4, 2018on navy day, my good wishes to all men and women of the indian navy.
nation is proud of your commitment to protecti https://t.
co/2kzzsrzs7x  president of india (@rashtrapatibhvn) 1543887000000navy day greetings to all valorous personnel of the indian navy and their families.
india is grateful to our navy f https://t.
co/ma4xf8cxsw  narendra modi (@narendramodi) 1543892891000new delhi: the indian maritime forces on tuesday was celebrated for their role in the 1971 india-pakistan war as leaders from across party lines hailed its men and women on indian navy day president ram nath kovind and prime minister narendra modi were among the firsts on twitter to pay their tributes to the naval force.
on navy day, my good wishes to all men and women of the indian navy.
nation is proud of your commitment to protecting our maritime frontiers, securing our trade routes, and providing assistance in times of humanitarian emergencies, their commander-in-chief tweeted.
navy day greetings to all valorous personnel of the indian navy and their families.
india is grateful to our navy for protecting the nation and the commendable role the navy plays during disaster relief, modi said.
in the attack in 1971, the indian navy sank four pakistani vessels and ravaged the karachi harbour fuel fields killing over 500 pakistani navy personnel.
three missile boats of the indian navy, ins nipat, ins nirghat, and ins veer played a pivotal role in the attack.
navy day is celebrated annually on december 4 every year to honour that maritime operation.
punjab chief minister amarinder singh said navy day serves as a reminder to our enemies, of our strength and valour when the hour beckons.
navy day is celebrated to honour the victorious, martyrs and veterans of the indian navy.
this day also serves as a reminder to our enemies, of our strength and valour when the hour beckons.
my best wishes to all ranks of the indian navy.
jai hind, he tweeted.
andhra pradesh chief minister n. chandrababu naidu, minister of railways and coal piyush goyal and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad also paid their tributes to the navy.
new delhi/mumbai: in a move that will encourage small shops to accept electronic payments, the government has decided to bear the charges merchants pay to banks on purchases of up to rs 2,000 using a debit card bhim or aadhaar.
the subsidy will be available for a period of two years starting from january 1, 2018.
given that the average debit transaction in india is below rs 1,500, accepting debit cards will become almost as cheap as accepting cash for small merchants.
announcing the decision taken at the cabinet meeting on friday, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said that the government was trying to accelerate digital payment in the country.
he added that a committee of secretaries had been set up to ensure that there was no misuse of the subsidy and that benefits are passed on to traders and customers.
every time a card is swiped, a merchant pays a fee to the bank.
this fee is deducted by the bank while crediting the sale proceeds to the merchants account and is called merchant discount rate (mdr).
last week the reserve bank of india had announced a revised mdr of 0.
9  for large merchants and 0.
4  for those with a turnover of below rs 20 lakh per year.
while the charges for debit cards have been waived, payments by credit card will continue to attract mdr.
according to manju agarwal, deputy managing director, state bank of india , for smaller shops credit card charges were not a concern as the bulk of their transactions are through debit cards.
credit cards are largely used for payments in big retail outlets.
the customer base in smaller shops are the ones that largely use debit cards, she said.
according to agarwal, the government stands to gain through a shift in payments to the electronic mode as currency printing costs are ultimately borne by the government.
she said that banks would now make investments in enrolling small shops for card acceptance.
sbi has also made a representation to the government to encourage use of point of sale terminals (pos, card swipe machines) made in india.
since demonetisation, banks have invested close to rs 1,500 crore in acquiring pos terminals  most of which had to be imported.
prasad said that from april to september 2017, digital transactions using only debit cards was at rs 2,18,700 crore.
if the trend continues, the total transactions by april will amount to rs 4,37,400 crore, a 100  increase.
the rs 1,000-2,000 digital transactions are in the region of 15-20  of all digital payments.
though the total amount is less, the volume is high and around 65 , prasad said.
the cabinet also approved the amount required for such reimbursements for the next two years.
prasad said provision of rs 1,050 crore in 2018-19 and rs 1,462 crore in 2019-20 have been made.
bankers say that given that mdr for the next year is likely to be around rs 4,000 crore it appears that the government might ask banks to pitch in with the subsidy.
a committee comprising of the secretary, department of financial services, secretary, ministry of electronics & it, and ceo, national payment corporation of india, will look into the industry cost structure of such transactions which will form the basis to determine the levels of reimbursement.
seventy per cent of transactions today come from debit cards and those below rs 2,000 are frequent, everyday purchases.
benefits to merchants will be twopronged  one, they will bear zero cost for electronic debit card transactions and, two, it will reduce the need and cost of handling cash at the outlet, said deepak chandnani, managing director, worldline, the largest card payment processor.
an increase in usage of debit cards will also benefit e-commerce companies who pay a huge price for cash on delivery.
charges on payments made by bhim  the new name for the account-to-account transfer using unified payment interface  are lower than debit card charges .
however, these are yet to pick up in retail payments as they require both merchant and customer to be savvy in using mobile applications.
aadhaar-enabled payments is also a new mode which facilitates transfer of funds using the customers biometrics.
although bhim transactions are on the rise, these are largely peer-to-peer payment driven by cashback offers from private wallet operators.
according to agarwal, protocols have to evolve for merchant payments using upi, including issues around chargeback from merchant and grievance redressal.
however, the bank has decided to sign up merchants for all forms of payment while bringing them on board the cards platform.
new delhi: the economic times global business summit can be the davos of the east, said times group managing director vineet jain as the two-day event kicked off on friday.
gbs summits have generated headlines that have influenced bottomlines our ambition is for gbs to establish itself as the davos of the east.
unlike davos, we dont have snow here in delhi, but the sun is shining on the worlds fastest growing large economy even as dark clouds gather elsewhere, he told the gathering comprising top global and indian ceos and policy makers.
indian policy makers led by prime minister narendra modi , railway and coal minister piyush goyal, commerce minister suresh prabhu and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad are scheduled to speak at the event and offer insights on future policy direction.
in only its 5th year, gbs has become synonymous with a summit where the influential talk about the consequential.
right from its inception, gbs has attracted people, who wield real power and has generated ideas that matter.
this has become a meeting ground for policy makers, global and indian business tycoons, disruptive tech entrepreneurs and top notch academics and thinkers, vineet jain said after paying homage to the martyrs of the pulwama terror attack.
the fifth edition is hosting business leaders and technology entrepreneurs from some of the most talked about and disruptive companies across the globe.
new delhi: the personnel department will issue a direction to all states to follow reservation for sc/sts in promotions in government jobs, union minister ram vilas paswan said on wednesday, announcing a decision taken by an informal group of ministers.
paswan said the supreme courts nod to the centre to resume quotas in promotions will be applicable to government jobs at the centre and in states.
there was some confusion following queries as to whether the scs direction will be applicable only to the central government.
there is no confusion now.
both the centre and states will follow the procedure of reservation in promotion, the minister said.
the gom under home minister rajnath singh met on wednesday, which was attended by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, social justice minister thawarchand gehlot besides officials from the prime ministers office and the department of personnel and training (dopt).
sources said the governments decision for lateral entry of professionals as joint secretaries in 10 departments also came up during discussions.
dopt officials said these posts are over and above the existing sanctioned positions, a source said.
there is no provision for reservation since these are contractual jobs for three to five years and based on talent.
stating that the caste system is the biggest evil in india, paswan said there is a need to do more to end this.
our party, ljp, has maintained that there has to be reservation in all jobs, both in government and private sectors.
we also maintain that there should be reservation for people who enter into inter-caste marriages.
the real change will happen when people from higher castes allow their daughters to marry dalits, he added.
this story is from november 19, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citybengaluru: for indian classical musician shubhendra rao, sitar was his prized possession which he used to take care like a child.
when he recently embarked on a journey from sidney to delhi, he did take all the possible precautions kept the musical instrument in an unbreakable fibre glass box and then wrapped it using a rexin cover with thin padding.
but when he got the baggage back, he was in for a rude shock.
the sitar was broken badly and was in an unrepairable condition.
rao, 53, from bengaluru currently lives in new delhi and is a disciple of pandit ravi shankar.
on september 24, rao travelled in an australian airline from sidney to delhi via bangkok.
the last segment of the flight from bangkok to new delhi was on jet airways, which damaged his sitar, he alleges.
his compares the loss of the instrument to that of his third hand.
i had taken care of it like my own child so far.
is it not the responsibility of the airlines to ensure that its given back properly?
if treated well, it wouldnt have damaged but when theres vandalism involved, nothing can save the fragile instrument, says rao.
when he contacted the australian airline, he was asked to contact the second airline for queries.
however, jet airways said no compensation could be paid.
all the fragile baggage accepted on board are tagged with a limited release tag which indicates that the airline has no liability in the event of damage to the article.
the article is not accepted till the guest sign the tag which you also did, jet airways had told rao on september 28, a copy of which is with toi.
however, rao wrote back to the airways stating that he did not sign on the tag as mentioned.
in his online petition filed through change.org on november 14, rao also questioned the limited release form that airlines make artists sign to evade responsibility for any damage to instruments.
the airline industry must change limited release rule in the case of musical instruments.
im neither the first person nor the last artist who would suffer in the hands of airlines, he says, urging artists to stand up together to fight for a common cause.
the cost of making a new sitar with in-built microphone would cost no less than rs 1.
8 lakh as per the estimated bill he has produced before the airlines.
rao is also contemplating approaching the consumer rights forum.
compensation likelywhen toi contacted, jet airways said the matter is being reviewed.
the team concerned has initiated investigation and noted that the item was tagged as lrt (limited release) when the guest originated his journey from sydney.
jet airways is considering a compensation, pending submission of original bill/purchase receipts.
with the matter under review, the guest will be updated directly by the airline on the status, it stated.
patna: the not-so-cordial relation between cm nitish kumar and union minister upendra kushwaha came to the fore on thursday again as the rashtriya lok samata party (rlsp) chief did not attend the get-together organised by the bjp to show a united face of nda.
the rlsp and nitish-led jd (u) are nda allies.
the get-together was organised as part of the celebration of the achievements of narendra modi government at the centre.
it was after he fell out with nitish in 2013 that kushwaha formed rlsp.
five years on, he is still believed to be sulking against nitish.
as if to add fuel to fire, rlsp vice-president nagmani said earlier in the day that kushwaha ought to be the ndas cm face as his face was certainly better than that of nitish.
rlsp state chief bhudeo choudhary said kushwaha had preoccupations in delhi.
he will come to patna on friday morning for a three-day tour of the old shahabad district, he said, insisting the rlsp continued to be in the nda.
also, the partys state functionaries savoured the feast.
those present at the get-together included national presidents of the two other bjp allies  nitish of jd (u) and union minister ram vilas paswan of ljp.
bjps national general secretary bhupender yadav, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and ashwini kumar choubey, partys state president nityanand rai, deputy cm sushil kumar modi, rajya sabha member dr c p thakur and ministers nand kishore yadav and mangal pandey also attended the feast.
none from the bjp, jd(u) or ljp commented on the absence of kushwaha.
all that jd(u) general secretary shyam rajak said was that what others said was immaterial and nitish would remain the state ndas face.
patna: in its bid for the mass outreach to the intelligentsia, the state bjp has decided to hold a conclave of the citys prabuddha varg (intellectual sections) at gyan bhavan here on sunday, besides arranging the mass hearing of the mann ki baat broadcast of pm narendra modi at polling booths in the state the same day.
state bjp president nityanand rai said the two functions have been planned to celebrate the achievements of pm modi in the last four years.
bjp central leadership has directed all the state units to organize programmes from saturday up to june 11 to celebrate the achievements of pm modi.
rai said union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and ram kripal yadav would participate in the conclave of the intelligentsia.
bjp ministers in the state, including deputy cm sushil kumar modi, prem kumar, nand kishore yadav and mangal pandey , would also speak on the occasion.
on sunday, all the shakti kendras formed by the party at the polling booths in the state would also see congregations of people, including members of the booth level committees, to hear the pms mann ki baat broadcast from 11am to 11.
30am.
the state has over 62,000 polling booths.
the state bjp has formed 42,000 booth level committees comprising around 20 members each, party sources said, adding the central leadership has asked the state unit to expand the shakti kendras by covering more booths.
also, the party has nominated vistaraks entrusting them with the task of coordinating between the block and shakti kendras or booth-level committees, apart from reaching out, and roping in the respectable sections of society at the local level in the interest of the party.
this story is from february 17, 2019the cm made this announcement soon after paying tributes to the two slain crpf jawansdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: chief minister nitish kumar on saturday announced that in addition to rs 11 lakh payable to next of kin of the two crpf personnel from state, who sacrificed their lives in pulwama terror attack, an additional amount of rs 25 lakh each will be paid from the cm relief fund.
this is probably the first time that the state government has announced additional financial assistance for the next of kin of the martyrs.
the cm made this announcement soon after paying tributes to the two slain crpf jawans  ratan kumar thakur from ratanpur village in bhagalpur and sanjay kumar sinha from masaurhi in patna district  at jayaprakash narayan international airport here.
the mortal remains of the martyred jawans were brought to the airport in a special indian air force (iaf) aircraft around 9.
50am.
the cm said the dms of patna and bhagalpur have been asked to assess the other requirements of the children of the two martyrs, including their educational expenses, so that the state government could bear the same.
martyr sinha has left behind him his wife, two daughters  ruby kumari (24) and vandana kumari (22)  and son om prakash kumar (19).
thakur, on the other hand, is survived by his pregnant wife and a four-year-old son.
patna dm kumar ravi said sinhas daughters are graduates and his son is preparing for medical entrance examination at kota in rajasthan.
we will communicate cms announcement to the family.
their financial requirements will be assessed soon, he said.
in june last year, the state government had increased the limit of ex gratia payment to paramilitary personnel from rs 5 lakh to rs 11 lakh.
meanwhile, deputy cm sushil kumar modi , union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, leader of opposition in state assembly tejashwi prasad yadav, road transport minister nand kishore yadav, health minister mangal pandey , union minister ram kripal yadav, bjp state president nityanand rai, dgp gupteshwar pandey and several others paid floral tributes to the slain crpf jawans at the patna airport on saturday.
while thakurs mortal remains were carried to bhagalpur from patna airport in a special iaf helicopter, sinhas remains were taken to masaurhi on a crpf truck.
the slain martyrs were cremated with full state honour in presence of large number of people, who raised slogans denouncing pakistan.
hyderabad: member of parliament, asaduddin owaisi has written to union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad, on his oppositions to the move to criminalise triple talaq on friday.
owaisi raised concerns after the bill to criminalise triple talaq was cleared by union cabinet.
he demanded that the government should clarify, at the outset, as to how the law seeks to enforce imprisonment and provisions of maintenance in tandem.
in the letter, owaisi wrote, it is regrettable that a constitutional value as important as gender justice is being used to merely further cynical political goals.
asaduddin said that it was absurd that a special law was being considered to do away with triple talaq, when existing legislation could sufficiently provide appropriate remedies to muslim women who were at the receiving end of triple talaq.
owaisi also raised concerns that the law could open up another avenue for discriminatory detention and arrest of muslims.
patna: it was a year of hectic activities for patna university (pu), the seventh oldest university of the country, which organized a number of functions as part of its centenary celebrations.
teachers, non-teaching staff and students of the university remained busy throughout the year, organizing and participating in various events full of fun and frolic and even educative values.
the highlight of pus centenary celebration was its formal inauguration by prime minister narendra modi at patna science college on october 14.
the function was attended by governor satya pal malik, chief minister nitish kumar , deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi, union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad, ram vilas paswan, upendra kushwaha and state education minister krishnanandan prasad verma besides thousands of students, faculty members and enlightened citizens of the state capital.
however, belying the expectations of the people of bihar for conversion of 100-year-old pu into a central university, modi asked pu to compete for occupying a place among the top 10 public universities in the country and win rs 10,000 crore for developing itself as a world class university.
he announced the union governments scheme to make top 10 public and top 10 private universities of the country world class.
inviting universities to compete for it, he said the winners would be getting rs 10,000 crore.
these universities would be granted complete autonomy and remain free from government control.
the selection of the top universities would be done by a third party, he said.
earlier, the then governor keshari nath tripathi inaugurated the renovated and modernized pu library in april and declared it open for the students and faculty members.
the library containing more than 5,000 rare and valuable manuscripts was shut for about two years during renovation.
on september 18, pu organized maiden centenary run in which thousands of people, right from the enthusiastic octogenarian to the bubbling teens, ran from the historic wheeler senate house on ashok rajpath to the famous kargil chawk near gandhi maidan for reviving the old glory of the university and taking their alma mater to greater heights.
state education minister, legislators and vice-chancellor also participated in the run.
governor malik inaugurated a week-long exhibition of rare documents and artefacts on december 8 in which several rare collection of paintings, coins and manuscripts were on display.
the state archives had also arranged a beautiful exhibition of various documents pertaining to the growth and development of pu.
a special postage stamp cover on pu was also released on the occasion.
pu organized separate meetings of its alumni, retired teachers and retired employees and sought their cooperation in ensuring its all-round development.
a number of seminars, including an international seminar organized by geology department, marked the centenary celebrations.
inter-college sports and cultural competitions were also held.
pu senate has decided to introduce entrance test for admission to all the post-graduation courses and revise the existing curricula of undergraduate courses with a view to implementing choice-based credit system (cbcs) from the next academic session.
the university has also decided to set up as many as 14 new post-graduate departments in the next academic session.
the new departments to be established are those of computer science, disaster management, environmental science, energy studies, herbal chemistry, performing arts, electronics, womens studies, social work, anthropology, buddhist studies, biotechnology and management studies.
even as pu has got more than 50 new teachers in different subjects on the recommendations of the bpsc , a large number of sanctioned posts of teachers are still lying vacant.
the newly elected office-bearers of patna university teachers association have demanded immediate appointment of teachers against vacant posts.
this story is from february 5, 2019diagnosed: multiple personality disorder is characterized by atleast two distinct and enduring personality states - https://t.
co/bedlpmurxj  bjp (@bjp4india) 1549256981000here is the video.
congress party must tell whether they were joking or fooling the people of india?
https://t.
co/onkb8wplji  kiren rijiju (@kirenrijiju) 1549273666000make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: bjp dug out several congress tweets from the archives to hit out at rahul gandhi for his u-turns on the west bengal chit fund scam and said the congress president was suffering from multiple personality disorder.
multiple personality disorder is characterised by at least two distinct and enduring personality states, there is trouble remembering certain events, beyond ordinary forgetfulness.
these states alternately show in a persons behaviour.
.
.
get well soon rahulji, bjp said on twitter while sharing congresss earlier tweets.
on may 8, 2014, the congress chief had said, 20 lakh people lost their money in chit fund scam in west bengal.
two years later, on april 2, 2016, he targeted mamata and said, saradha scam happened, it was one of the biggest scams in the country yet mamataji did not utter a single word on it.
bjp circulated a screenshot of the tweet on monday to drive home the point that rahul had taken a u-turn on the scam.
the saffron party shared another tweet of rahul from april 19, 2016, mamataji said that she would stop corruption.
but instead of taking action, she is protecting those looting bengal.
a few days later, on april 23, rahul had said, there is a syndicate raj in west bengal.
.
.
a mafia raj .
the statements were delivered while he was campaigning ahead of the 2016 assembly polls in the state.
with lok sabha elections looming, opposition leaders have rallied behind banerjee and rahul was no exception.
union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the congress president should tell the nation under what circumstances he had taken a u-turn on the issue as he had criticised banerjee on the chit fund scam several times and his party colleagues were petitioners in the case.
rahul gandhi should clarify what has made him take the u-turn, prasad said and endorsed congress mp adhir ranjan chowdhury who disowned his party chiefs stand and questioned banerjees support for a suspect cop and called her dharna nautanki.
new delhi: brushing aside the insistence of some supreme court judges as well as the opposition, the government justified on thursday its decision not to accept the sc collegium 's recommendation to elevate uttarakhand hc chief justice k m joseph to the apex court, and requested the chief justice of india to reconsider the decision.
the proposed appointment of justice joseph at this stage does not appear to be appropriate as he is placed at serial number 42 in the all india high court judges' seniority list, a source quoted law minister ravishankarprasad prasad as writing to cji dipak misra amid charges that the government was settling scores with the judge for striking down the modi government's decision to impose president's rule in uttarakhand in 2016.
the charge, first made when the government did not notify the two choices of the collegium  justice joseph and senior advocate indu malhotra  flared up again on thursday when the centre cleared the latter's name, leading congress functionary p chidambaram to suggest that the uttarakhand hc chief justice's faith proved to be the stumbling block.
however, in his communication to the cji, the law minister cited, besides the seniority issue, the over-representation of kerala hc, the parent high court of justice joseph, as another important consideration.
sources said prasad reasoned that kerala hc, despite being smaller than many hcs, was already represented in the sc by justice kurian joseph.
besides, chhattisgarh hc chief justice t n radhakrishnan and kerala hc cj antony dominic also counted kerala hc as their parent hc.
according to sources, prasad also said there was no representation of the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes in the apex court and representatives of these marginalised communities should find a place.
prasad dug deep into the law ministry 's records to assert that the consideration of seniority was overlooked only for the sake of ensuring a balanced regional representation in the sc.
but in case where the high court concerned is adequately represented in the sc and also as chief justices of different high courts, then this consideration cannot be, and should not be, ignored altogether to the detriment and prejudice of the other judges, the minister said in his letter.
with the government digging in its heels, the confrontation between the government and the collegium over the appointment of judges may worsen.
the collegium is yet to approve the draft memorandum of procedure laying guidelines for the appointment of judges to the sc and hcs, sent to it by the government more than a year ago.
under the law, the government is within its right  something that sources in the law ministry emphasised on thursday  to request the collegium to revisit its choices.
however, it will have to acquiesce to the sc's selection if the collegium sticks to its recommendation for justice joseph.
it is not clear whether cji dipak misra will convene a meeting of the collegium, which enjoys the last word in the appointment of judges, immediately.
the cji, who heads the collegium comprising the four other most senior judges of the apex court, had recommended the appointment of justice joseph and malhotra on january 19.
in his letter to the cji, prasad justified the uncoupling of recommendations for justice joseph and malhotra, and said there were many instances of segregation of appointments under upa.
such segregation of proposals has been done in many cases earlier, the minister said, adding that the proposal for reconsideration of justice joseph's case had the approval of the president and the prime minister.
a top functionary of the law ministry said that in 2009, the upa government twice staggered the acceptance of recommendations.
ahmedabad:congress president-elect rahul gandhi said that his visit to nearly two dozen temples in gujarat in run-up to the state assembly elections is not his first temple spree.
speaking at a press meet in ahmedabad on tuesday, he asked whether it is forbidden to visit temples.
gandhi did not comment on whether congress is leaning on soft hindutva in the state.
i have visited temples in uttarakhand including kedarnath in the past.
is kedarnath in gujarat?
asked gandhi.
he said that normally the format of interaction is public meetings but this years election campaign took form of a yatra.
thus, i visited temples wherever i got chance and i felt good.
in all the temples i have visited, i have prayed for golden future (sunehra bhavishya) for people of gujarat, for youth and farmers of the state, he added.
in two phases of gujarat navsarjan yatra which he covered in four visits, gandhi has visited almost all major temples of gujarat including somnath temple, dwarkadheesh temple, ambaji temple, bahucharaji temple, akshardham temple at gandhinagar , khodaldham at kagvad, jalaram temple at virpur, chamunda mata temple at chotila, santram temple at nadiad, ranchhodrai temple at dakor and bhathiji maharaj temple at fagvel among others.
these temples represent different faiths and social communities of gujarat, said experts, adding that gandhi started the yatra with darshan at dwarkadheesh temple on september 25 and ended at jagannathji temple in ahmedabad on december 12.
in a rally at patan in november, gandhi had also identified self as shiv bhakt while talking about seeking his own truth.
bjp targeted gandhi scion on the issue on tuesday.
ravi shankar prasad, union law minister, told press that it is wrong to say that pm narendra modi has not spoken about development as alleged by gandhi.
gujarats villages got three phase electricity, became indias biggest milk producing state and state with industrial development not by going to temple but by hard work and good policies.
narmada water which manmohan singh government tried to halt reached to people by hard work not by going to temples, said prasad.
new delhi: the government on wednesday opened a new front against congress, alleging that the party has been in touch with the controversial data firm cambridge analytica (ca), and also warned social media giant facebook against any attempt to influence indias electoral process through undesirable means.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad asked congress to explain its connection with ca, accused of attempting to manipulate elections from the us to kenya.
it is a serious security threat for the country and congress must answer on this, prasad said.
prasad also warned facebook of tough action if it was found interfering in indias poll process.
mr mark zuckerberg , you better note the observation of the it minister of india.
we welcome fb profile in india, but if any data theft of indians is done through collusion of fb system, it shall not be tolerated.
we have got stringent powers in the it act, we shall use them, including summoning you to india, prasad warned.
the controversy over ca accessing the profiles of millions of fb users and targeting them on the basis of information obtained, and claims by a senior official of the social media site that there were several illegalities, has sent fbs stock plummeting.
my question to congress is whether to win elections the party will depend on data manipulation and theft of data, prasad said.
what is the role of cambridge analytica in the social media profile of rahul gandhi ?
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad asked as the government looked to link the main opposition to the burgeoning controversy surrounding cambridge analytica.
quoting media reports, prasad alleged that cambridge analytica  reported by a section of the media as being considered by congress to help the 2019 campaign  has been accused of using bribes and sex workers to entrap politicians and steal data from facebook.
her asked how much data was provided by cambridge analytica in the recent gujarat and north-east elections, and in upcoming elections in karnataka to congress.
amid a probe by the us privacy watchdog and in uk over a potential breach of user confidentiality by facebook, prasad said the indian government fully supports free exchange of ideas on social media but any attempt by social media sites, including facebook, to influence indias electoral process will not be tolerated.
if need be, stringent action will be taken, prasad said.
stating that 20 crore indians were using facebook, making it the companys largest market outside the us, prasad cautioned the social media giant and its ceo mark zuckerberg of repercussions under the it act in case of any data breach.
asked if the government would initiate a probe on data use by facebook, prasad said that india had a regulator in the form of telecom regulatory authority of india (trai), and specific complaints, if any, will be brought under a structured investigation.
we have got a very robust mechanism available, we will look into it.
but today, (through) this very stern observation i gave, let my warning be heard across the atlantic in california, he said.
bjp spokesperson sambit patra told reporters that the illegal use of peoples data from social media could turn out to be the congress biggest scam and added that the government would launch a probe into the matter.
protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017 +new delhi: one-time congress mp and now a bjp minister.
and a muslim to boot.
m j akbar lent spirited support for the muslim women (, which provoked fiery exchanges in lok sabha.
akbar said jawaharlal nehru had cited the hindu code bill as his biggest achievement but when asked if muslim women did not deserve reforms, he remarked, there was no opportune time.
rhetorically asking when that time would come, akbar himself replied the time had come.
as he moved from quranic verses to contemporary events, akbar backed the bill and poked fun at congress, even saying that all indira gandhi could do despite her undisputed leadership was to create all india muslim personal law board.
pointing fingers at the opposition for the law to nullify the shah bano judgment, he said for a meagre maintenance of rs 127, they had stoked an agitation across the country.
the argument drew angry protests from the opposition, as some said he was with the congress then and mocked him for being a turncoat.
akbar said those who opposed the shah bano order had raised slogans like islam is in danger and shariat is being destroyed.
you used it to break the country before independence and you are using it now to break society, he said.
questioning the argument that prescriptions in holy books could not be changed, he cited a verse saying that hands of thieves should be chopped off and asked why there was no such law now.
aimim mp asaduddin owaisi challenged him to bring the law.
akbar said the proposed bill would wipe out fear from the minds of muslim women and would start a new era of independence - saying husbands used the threat of divorce to subjugate them.
replying to opposition questions, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, several women went to police stations seeking remedy after they were divorced by triple talaq recently.
however, policemen regretted that they had no law to act.
he said complaints were received by the pmo and the home ministry that triple talaq was being practised even after it was declared null and void by the supreme court.
we do not want to interfere in shariat.
this bill is on talaq-e-biddat.
the issue is not of religion, faith, puja, the issue is of gender justice, equality and dignity.
the minister said the bill was framed by a group of ministers after several rounds of consultations so the opposition's allegation that it was being passed in a hurry was unfounded.
this story is from november 3, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the supreme court on friday refused to entertain pils challenging the constitutional validity of the centre's ordinance making triple talaq a punishable offence, leading to petitioners withdrawing their pleas.
a bench headed by cji ranjan gogoi said, it is an ordinance which will be placed before parliament during the coming winter session.
we do not want to entertain challenges made piecemeal.
with the bench on the verge of dismissing the pils, counsel manoj v george and raju ramachandran promptly requested permission to withdraw the petitions, which the court allowed .
the president gave assent to the ordinance two months ago.
after a five-judge bench by a three-two majority struck down triple talaq and called it unconstitutional, the government introduced a bill making the practice of instant divorce in islam through triple talaq a punishable offence .
but the bill ran into trouble in rajya sabha, where the congress-led opposition stalled it and sought drastic changes in the draft and reference to a select committee.
the bill provided maximum punishment of three-year imprisonment to the husband found guilty.
it also provided for a fine and payment of subsistence allowance to the wife and children.
after the ordinance was promulgated on september 19, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had said that triple talaq would be a 'cognisable offence' only if the divorced wife or her close relatives registered an fir against the husband accusing him of practising triple talaq .
prasad had said, the offence is compoundable as it can be compromised only at the insistence of the wife upon appropriate terms and conditions.
.
.
moreover, bail can be granted upon reasonable grounds but only after hearing the victim wife also.
this story is from december 1, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the centre appointed 13 judges to two high courts on friday, taking the total number of hc judges appointed this year to 106, as against the record number of 126 appointed by the nda government in 2016.
in punjab and haryana hc, the government confirmed nine additional judges as permanent judges.
another was appointed additional judge.
the other appointments were for uttarakhand hc.
since 2016, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has cleared appointments of 349 hc judges based on recommendations of the supreme court collegium.
new delhi: prime minister narendra modi attacked congress for the logjam in parliament , saying democracy reached its lowest point in the budget session due to congress arrogance  and urged party mps to convey to the public how the main opposition had acted.
it never happened in history when opposition interrupted and tried to stall the prime minister as he was completing his speech on the vote of thanks.
traditionally, opposition listens peacefully but the congress and its supporters not only disrupted but also gheraoed me when i was speaking, modi said on friday while expressing anguish at the washout of the second half of the budget session.
modi said he had refused to yield to the opposition and completed his one-hour speech to send across a message that the power of democracy was stronger than the whims and fancies of a few irresponsible political parties.
loktantra zinda hai (democracy is alive), was the message i wanted to convey by completing my speech, he said.
with bjp asking its mps to observe a day-long fast on april 12 in their respective constituencies, modi told them to share with the people the real story for the unprecedented deadlock and disrespect shown to parliamentary democracy.
expose congress among the people about how the party has indulged in politics of negativity, he added.
rural development minister narendra singh tomar gave a presentation on 'gram swaraj abhiyan', a month-long campaign for all mps.
modi asked mps to adhere to the campaign schedule and also rope in other political representatives including mlas.
he asked lawmakers to spend at least one night in their constituencies, preferably in dalit dominated areas.
no other party has shown the respect we have shown to dr bhimrao ambedkar.
.
.
this message must reach dalit villagers.
it will expose the negativity that the congress has spread, modi added.
later, in a video address to party workers, modi again targeted congress, saying bjp was the only party to follow democratic values in the true sense and did not swear by dynasty and caste driven politics.
for bjp, the 'karyakartas' were everything, the pm said.
the karyakartas are the heart and soul of the party, whose sweat has taken the party to new heights.
it is due to their efforts that we have the honour to serve people all over india and fulfil their aspirations, modi said.
talking to reporters on the party's 38th foundation day, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, the bjp is a big platform for national unity.
it has one voice, one slogan, and one commitment - to make the country a superpower.
today, the bjp is a party of all indians and the party with all-india presence.
recalling former pm atal bihari vajpayee's lines that the cloud will go away, the sun will come up, and lotus will bloom, he said bjp and its allies ruled 21 of the country's 29 states.
sonia gandhi backs chidambaramnew delhi: the bharatiya janata party (bjp) on friday said the culpability of p chidambaram was evident in the 2g spectrum scam and demanded a fair investigation into his role as the finance minister in allocation of scarce spectrum in 2008.
keeping up its attack on chidambaram, bjp spokesperson ravishankarprasad prasad said the government's image will be further tarnished if it does not order an investigation into his role.
reiterating its demand for the resignation of chidambaram, bjp wanted to know at whose behest was the much-publicised note by the finance ministry prepared?
at whose instance did the finance ministry prepare the note for the pmo?
.
.
.
the country is certainly entitled to know if the pmo had asked for the note.
if yes, why was there no follow-up action?
prasad said.
bjp alleged that even in the case of former telecom minister a raja, who is now in jail in connection with 2g scam case, the prime minister had initially said twice that he is not guilty.
is the same story going to repeat itself in the case of p chidambaram?
prasad said.
skeletons are fighting skeletons and rocking the boat of upa.
how long will you keep quiet, mr prime minister?
prasad said.
he said the government cannot get away by saying this new development is also due to coalition politics as the expose has come from the finance ministry of pranab mukherjee who is no.
2 in the cabinet.
culpability of chidambaram is evident, prasad said.
a finance ministry note to the prime minister's office in march has surfaced, which said chidambaram could have prevented the spectrum from being given away at throwaway prices.
prasad said he wanted to ask the great patrons of chidambaram in the government if the minister had abused authority and allowed some persons to gain pecuniary advantage without public interest.
prasad also accused the central bureau of investigation (cbi) of double standards in relation to the 2g spectrum probe.
the cbi is more than keen to question jaswant singh (former finance minister) but is absolutely stonewalling pleas to investigate chidambaram despite voluminous evidence, he said.
calling upon prime minister manmohan singh to order a probe, prasad said not doing so will further tarnish the image of government at a time when there is pressure from people on cases of corruption.
is your (pm's) confidence in your colleagues more important, or, a fair, transparent investigation?
prasad asked, referring to a statement of manmohan singh that chidambaram enjoyed his confidence.
prasad said that on nov 22, 2007, then finance secretary d subbarao wrote to his counterpart in the communications ministry raising concerns that spectrum was being allocated at 2001 prices, and suggested that either current valuation or indexation should be done.
prasad said chidambaram wrote a letter on january 15, four days after spectrum allocation, in which he said auction was the correct way of giving spectrum but added that his ministry treats the allocations already made as a closed chapter.
if an auction had been done (of 2g spectrum), it would have fetched at least rs 35,000 crore, prasad said.
in its march 25 note to the pmo, the finance ministry says chidambaram could have prevented spectrum from being given away at throwaway prices by insisting on its auction, implying that presumptive losses worth thousands of crores could have thus been avoided.
meanwhile, congress chief sonia gandhi has directed top leaders to put up a joint defence, party insiders said.
gandhi, who has recently returned after a surgery abroad, is learnt to have stepped in to resolve the crisis involving one of the government's most high profile ministers.
the opposition has been asking for chidambaram's resignation and there iis speculation that things are not as they should be between chidambaram and pranab mukherjee.
soniaji has asked all top leaders - from prime minister manmohan singh to party spokespersons - to defend chidambaram and the government, a senior congress leader said condition of anonymity.
she knows that this is an explosive issue.
yesterday it was a raja and dayanidhi maran (ministers who had to quit over the 2g spectrum row), today it is chidambaram and tomorrow it can be manmohan singh.
she wants to stop the slide, he added.
corporate affairs minister m veerappa moily's strong defence of chidambaram on friday and the home minister's statement that he would not comment on the issue till the prime minister returns from his foreign visit are learnt to have been directed by gandhi.
though congress leaders deny talk of a mukherjee-chidambaram rift being the root cause behind the controversial note, political analysts and party insiders say there is a recurring cold war between the two.
the rivalry between the two financial wizards has been escalating in the past two years.
soniaji was aware of the issue and had intervened to defuse the situation occasionally, said a congress leader.
the cold war has been surfacing through various incidents and on different occasions.
a major incident was when mukherjee confirmed june 22 that he had suspected that his finance ministry offices were bugged in september 2010 and had sought a secret inquiry, said an analyst.
the needle of suspicion then had pointed to intelligence agencies controlled by chidambaram's home ministry.
supporters of mukherjee are believed to have told gandhi that the veteran leader's trouble-shooting capabilities and political skills were often ignored and administrative tough actions advocated by chidambaram were enforced, leading to fresh crises.
the latest example was the handling of the fast by civil society leader anna hazare in august, said another party leader.
he said hazare was arrested on august 16 on the direction of chidambaram, prompting massive protests that led to the activist being released.
the group of ministers led by chidambaram, who were handling the hazare fast, was replaced by a team led by mukherjee and law minister salman khurshid.
the new team could broker peace and end the 10-day-old fast by hazare, the congress leader added.
kerala-based political analyst b r p bhaskar told ians that the mukherjee-chidambaram rift may continue till rahul gandhi takes a more leading role in the congress.
some infighting had been common in congress.
.
.
with a member of the nehru-gandhi dynasty usually on the top slot earlier, the fight had been for the second or the third place.
but now it is different.
with sonia gandhi recuperating and rahul gandhi yet to take over the top post in the party or the government, several leaders and ministers will be working against each other, bhaskar said over the phone.
vadodara: bjp candidate in dabhoi, shailesh mehta alias sotta, has landed in a controversy, for the communal remarks he purportedly made during his poll campaign recently.
a video showing mehta making several remarks against the minority community went viral on wednesday following which a complaint was filed by activist nishant verma, a resident of ahmedabad, with the election commission on thursday.
in the short video, mehta is heard saying that dabhoi shouldnt have population like dubai.
he went on to say that unlike other candidates, he wont give a single rupee to madarsas and mosques.
if some bearded and (skull) cap wearing person is sitting here then forgive me but there is a need to reduce their population.
many leaders here advised me to not make such comments but i said that if 90 per cent people with me then why should i not talk about 10 per cent, he is heard saying in the video even as the crowd cheers him.
those who foment rioting will have to be stopped.
else they will be given a befitting reply.
there was a peace committee meeting here where an extern said that he is scared of me.
he is not wrong.
i am here to scare such people.
anti-social elements should be scared, he further said.
he made these comments five days ago during a public meet in patelvagha village of dabhoi.
when contacted, mehta said that his remarks were not communal.
dabhoi is jokingly called dubai as the names sound the same.
i just said that i want to turn dabhoi into darbhavati and not dubai, mehta told toi.
when i talked about not giving money to mosques or madarsas, i was talking about my own money and not of governments.
as a hindu and brahmin, i would donate my money to temples instead of mosques or madarsas.
there is nothing wrong in that, mehta said.
mehta further said the video had been edited and only some comments were being circulated but he will speak for the community in which he is born.
earlier in teh day, mehta even said that in thursday evening public meet, he would talk about another anti-social element from dabhoi who is in jail for raping a girl.
such people shouldnt be encouraged, mehta said.
former gujarat congress president, siddharth patel, who is contesting from dabhoi, said, bjp is left with no development issue and hence it is polarizing the campaign.
they know they are losing the support and hence their local as well as national leaders are making communal remarks.
i hope that the ec will look into the complaint and take appropriate action if it finds the complaint to be genuine.
district collector, p bharathi said that the returning officer (ro) has sought explanation from mehta.
the ro will prepare a report and submit it to me on friday following which we will decide on further course of action, she said.
union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was in the city, said that he was not aware of it but if it was true, the remarks were inappropriate.
uttar pradesh chief minister yogi adityanath , who addressed a public meeting at gorwa on thursday evening, will address a similar public meeting in dabhoi on friday.
adityanath will speak near bus stand in dabhoi town around 7:45pm.
few hours later, adityanath will address another meeting near rangmahal in wadi area of the vadodara city.
patna: the lok janshakti party ljp ) of union minister ram vilas paswan and the rashtriya lok samta party (rlsp) led by upendra kushwaha on saturday said they would launch an agitation to demand reservation in recruitment of judges in the apex court and higher judiciary.
the two nda allies expressed serious concern over very negligible representation of scs, sts and obcs in the supreme court and high courts.
addressing an event on the birth anniversary of b r ambedkar here, paswan asked as to why no person was found guilty by the judiciary in the infamous laxmanpur-bathe massacre where altogether 61 dalits were killed in cold blood.
we will soon launch an agitation to demand quota in higher judiciary ( sc and high courts), he said.
the ljp chief also asked the centre to take statutory steps to restore the provisions of quota in promotions for sc/st, which was annulled by the supreme court a few years back.
quoting a recent statement of president ram nath kovind that there is unacceptably low representation of traditionally weaker sections such as obcs, scs and sts especially in the higher judiciary, union minister upendra kushwaha said it is high time to understand the presidents pain.
referring to a recent sc order leading to dilution in the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act, kushwaha said the countrys higher judiciary time and again passed orders which turned out against the interest of weaker sections of the society.
such orders are coming from higher judiciary only because our people are not there, he said.
assuring people that no government has guts to end the constitutional provisions of reservation, kushwaha said, whosoever will dare to annual reservation will write its governments own death certificate.
addressing the event organized by dalit sena, a wing of ljp, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, cm nitish kumar and deputy cm sushil kumar modi repeatedly assured the audience that no one could withdraw the reservation facility in jobs to the beneficiaries.
kushwaha also said some forces, as part of a conspiracy, have launched a debate on the issue of ending quota system.
they are asking to end quota system, but we are demanding more quota (for obc ).
yeh dil maange more (we want more quota), kushwaha said.
nr colonykannadalakshmidevammaelectronics cityulsoorgatea gang of women that targets elderly persons travelling in bmtc buses and walking on the road alone to steal their valuables has struck again.
a woman offered to help a 75-year-old woman, who had been to a bank inof tyagarajanagar, to cross the road and then to get home.
but during the journey, the woman and two of her acquaintances whisked away the elderly womans gold chain.
n vinaya, a resident of 10th cross in tyagarajanagar, was returning from the bank around 9.
30 am.
when she was waiting by the main road to cross, a woman in her 30s approached her and holding her hand, helped her to cross.
the woman then asked vinaya where she wanted to go.
when vinaya said she wanted to go to tyagarajanagar, the woman claimed she was going in the same direction and offered her a lift in an auto rickshaw parked on the roadside.
vinaya saw that two other women were seated in the auto rickshaw.
she was made to sit in the middle.
during the auto ride they spoke to vinaya, who thanked the woman for dropping her.
only after the auto rickshaw had left, did vinaya realise that her gold chain was missing.
she went to banashankari police and filed a complaint.
ravi shankar k, vinayas son-in-law, told bm, the women spoke to my mother-in-law in, but were speaking to each other in tamil.
the gold chain weighed about 31 gram and was worth more than rs one lakh.
the women were aged between 30-38 years.
she did not see the driver.
a banashankari police official said, we have taken up a case of theft and cheating.
this gang targets aged women, diverts their attention and steals their jewellery.
this gang has committed many such thefts across the city.
the gang had robbed jewellery from, 65, when she was travelling in a bus.
three women sitting behind her stole two gold chains weighing more than 55 gm.
subramanyapura police have taken up the case.
similar cases have been registered inand other places of the city.
in the same week, the gang of three women visited a jewellery shop inpolice station limits in the guise of customers and stole gold jewellery weighing 186 gm.
this story is from december 28, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the reworked bill to make triple talaq or instant divorce among muslims a punishable offence was passed by lok sabha on thursday with a large margin of 245-11 votes but faces almost certain defeat in rajya sabha with major non-nda parties raising objections and even allies like jd(u) not voting.
the bill relaxed some of the stringent provisions of the legislation cleared by the house a year ago which was thereafter stuck in rajya sabha amid opposition.
the centre brought forward an ordinance in september which made the bill effective in law as it argued cases of triple talaq were being reported despite the supreme court ruling it to be unconstitutional and bad in law.
the likely setback in rajya sabha saw senior bjp leaders speaking of the possibility of a joint session of both houses to pass the bill criminalising triple talaq.
however, there are indications that the opposition may seek to deny that option to the government by getting rajya sabha to vote for referring the bill to a select committee for further scrutiny instead of defeating it  a course which will open up an avenue to seek a joint sitting.
otherwise too, the joint sitting option will need careful consideration as on its own strength, bjp will be short of 40-odd mps to prevail.
the gap can be narrowed with allies but the government will still need the support of a few non-nda parties which was not evident on thursday.
the proceedings saw congress, tmc, rjd, ncp and bjd, among others, walk out ahead of voting.
nda partner jd(u) did not vote.
though jd(u) has only two mps in lok sabha, it has six in rajya sabha.
interestingly, ram vilas paswans ljp did not issue a whip for its six mps.
amendments moved by the opposition were negated and the bill passed by division.
despite passage in the lower house, the fate of the bill remains uncertain in view of congress and non-nda parties, including neutral ones like aiadmk and bjd, opposing the bill on various counts.
bjp has become the largest party in the upper house with 73 mps, ahead of congresss 50, but it lacks a clear majority even with allies.
the winter session is the last substantive sitting of the 16th lok sabha.
retention of the penal clause in the amended muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018, remained a sore point, with the opposition demanding that even this version be sent to a parliamentary committee for scrutiny.
repeated pleas for support by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad were rebuffed by the recalcitrant non-nda camp.
responding to opposition allegations that penal provisions targeted one community and were not present in other religious laws concerning christianity, parsis or even hindu faiths, prasad argued that it was intended as a deterrent to contain a crime that has continued despite the supreme court striking it down.
the heated debate lasted nearly five hours  against the allotted time of two  with constant barbs exchanged between the opposition and treasury benches with accusations of targeting of a community and appeasement flying thick and fast.
bjp and congress fielded women to argue their case.
while lawyer meenakshi lekhi led the government charge, congress mp sushmita dev countered with an aggressive argument against the criminal clause and seeking scrutiny by a joint select committee.
some opposition members also demanded to know why the government was ambivalent on the scs sabarimala judgment, which also argued for womens rights.
calling the triple talaq bill restorative and reformative, lekhi said the constitution talked about a uniform civil code and not a uniform religious code.
do we want to create a society where men have the sole right to divorce women whenever they want, a society where men can change wives like clothes?
she asked.
dev said, this law is not about empowering a muslim woman, it is a bill that only penalises the muslim man.
in the name of empowerment, you are giving muslim women nothing but a criminal case.
aimim mp asaduddin owaisi pointed to what he called an irony that homosexuality, adultery (women) have been decriminalised but divorce is being criminalised.
bjd mp bhartruhari mahtab also opposed penal provisions in the bill calling imprisonment of the accused husband without analogical justification.
tmc's sudip bandopadhyay, aiadmk's p veugopal and ncp's supriya sule were among the others who opposed the bill.
ravi shankardownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: with campaigning for the lok sabha polls entering the last leg, candidates of different political parties are sweating it out to woo their voters.
they are organizing rallies, door-to-door campaigns and roadshows as well as promoting their works on social media.
like others, bjp candidate ravishankarprasad prasad is leaving no stone unturned to make an impact on voters.
numerous street-corner meetings are part of the electioneering done by the union minister in the politically important patna sahib seat.
prasad has already visited the patna zoo, gandhi maidan , moin-ul-haq stadium and eco park in the city.
he went to the sri krishna nagar park with bankipore mla nitin naveen and interacted with the morning walkers there on monday.
with folded hands, he later strolled from thakur prasad community hall at kidwaipuri to kali mandir at sri krishna nagar.
clad in a white kurta-pyjama and jacket, the bjp leader was seen meeting people on the way.
while addressing a public meeting in salimpur under the bakhtiyarpur segment, prasad appealed to the audience to vote for the bjp to retain the modi government at the centre.
the bjp leader has tried to woo different segments of electors in his constituency during his door-to-door campaigns.
he has visited bakhtiyarpur, fatuha, kala diara, kankerbagh, digha, rajendra nagar and patna city , among other places.
he also makes it a point to visit temples.
prasad has also made his presence felt on social media sites to reach out to the voters and inform them about his daily schedule.
he (#patnakaravi) is set to hold a live twitter chaupal on may 14 where he will respond to the questions of the twitterati.
he tweeted on saturday, join me for a live twitter chaupal!
file: pm modi pays tributes to crpf jawans martyred in the pulwama attack.
congresss claimmake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: strongly rebuttingthat pm narendra modi was busy with a video shoot when the pulawama attack happened, bjp on thursday released details of modis review of the situation even as he was travelling from corbett tiger reserve to rudrapur on february 14.
bjp said the pm cancelled a scheduled rally, held review meetings and returned to delhi after travelling by road for four hours.
the party accused congress of fudging facts and asserted that the video shoot referred to by congress had concluded well before the attack on the crpf convoy that took place last thursday.
on the afternoon of 14th february, pm announced the launch of three projects at jim corbett national park.
these projects relate to rescue centre, safari facilities and surveillance systems.
he then did a short shoot for tourism promotion and climate change awareness with discovery and was heading to rudrapur for a public meeting.
it is on the way from corbett to rudrapur around after 3.
30 that news of the attack trickled in.
from 4pm to 4.
45pm he held constant review calls and meetings on the situation, said a senior government functionary.
he said pms monitoring of the situation led to the public meeting in rudrapur getting delayed with modi finally deciding not to proceed despite a large crowd waiting there.
the pm eventually decided to address the gathering over phone around 5.
15pm and wound it up in 5-7 minutes.
after this, he immediately left for bareilly via road to take a flight back to delhi from there, said the official.
he also said that the pm halted at a rest house in ramnagar and again reviewed the situation and gave the necessary orders.
after this second review, pm reached bareilly and took off for delhi at night.
terming congresss attacks shameful, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said, the prime minister was in uttarakhand on the day of the pulwama attack as part of an official programme related to tiger conservation.
was congress aware of the pulwama attack?
we were not aware.
he said bjp had refrained from commenting on a photo on social media showing congress president rahul gandhi busy with a cellphone at a prayer meet in memory of martyred soldiers.
prasad said congress has shown its true colours.
when the whole country is one, when country after country is passing resolutions condemning the pulwama attack is standing firmly with india, the true face of congress appeared, seeking to weaken the morale of the country, prasad said.
he said congress spokespersons and pakistan pm imran khan sound strikingly similar.
congress has followed the pakistan pm.
the congress attack on modi would have pleased pakistan.
.
.
there must be celebrations in the neighbouring country over opposition partys statement, he said.
patna: alumni meets always take you back to your school days.
but the former students of st josephs convent high school literally relived their times in the classroom on sunday.
walking down memory lane, they shared joy and tears with their old pals.
as the excitement and emotions ran high, the ex-josephites recalled with nostalgia their growing up years.
the campus reverberated with the melodious tunes and women danced on their favourite songs.
this year, 1967 batch was recognized the golden batch whereas 1992 batch was declared the silver batch.
retired ips officer manjari jaruhar, shishta nadda, jayanti prasad, rita singh, renu sinha, mamta verma, chandana banerjee, sushmita sinha paul, arundhati chatterjee, jyotsana prasad and sheila tiwari of 1967 batch were felicitated at the event.
renu devi of 1944 batch and sushila choudhary of 1956 batch got senior most alumna award.
the achiever award was given to shishta of 1967 batch, neelam kumar and shruti anindita verma of 1988 batch.
school principal sr lucina welcomed them.
fun games like musical chair, lucky draw, paper dance were also organized, followed by lunch.
the programme was sponsored and organized by maya shankar (wife of union minister ravishankarprasad prasad), manjula singh, ranjana chowdhary, ranjana thakur, anindita, ranjana chaudhary and poonam chaudhary.
meanwhile, dance, song and fungames ruled the alumni meet of notre dame academy maitreni mishra of batch 2009 was awarded ms super alumna and lokesh sinha of batch 1996 got mr super alumnus titles at the function organized by notre dame academy alumni association on sunday.
yamini sinha of 1986 batch was felicitated as nda super achiever for making the school proud by her achievements.
she recently won mrs popular title in mrs india-she is india 2017 pageant.
yashodhara thakur was also felicitated for her long and dedicated service to the school as teacher from 1978 to 2004.
the highlight of the event was ramp walk and dj floor dance.
activities such as paper dance, musical chair and marble and spoon race added fun and excitement to the meet.
rekha agarwal and subrata jha gautam of batch 1988 won the paper dance event.
former nda principal sr mary beena said the pass outs eagerly look forward to attending the annual alumni meet as it gives an opportunity to meet their favourite teachers and reconnect with their old pals.
provincial superior sr mary tessy snd said, the nda family is spread far and wide and it is indeed a pleasure to share the old memories with them.
we are proud that our students have accomplished so much in life.
school principal sr mary jessy, primary wing headmistress sr mary karuna and headmistress of montessori wing sr namrata were also present on the occasion.
this story is from february 13, 2019rahul gandhi (ap photo)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the war of words over rafale intensified on tuesday with congress chief rahul gandhi accusing prime minister narendra modi of treason and of violating the official secrets act by leaking information related to india's national security to capitalist friend anil ambani rahul on tuesday released an email dated march 28, 2015, purportedly written by airbus executive nicolas chamussy to three recipients with the subject line ambani.
quoting from the email, rahul claimed ambani was aware in advance of the rafale deal before india and france announced it in 2015 during modi's visit to paris and said that it was in violation of the osa.
this is now treason, this is nothing less.
narendra modi is doing what spies do.
he is informing somebody of a defence matter.
he is under oath to protect these secrets and he is now giving the secrets to anil ambani, who knows 10 days before that the biggest defence deal in the world is going to him, rahul alleged that the prime minister is acting as anil ambani's middleman.
the congress chief dubbed the pm's act as criminal and reiterated a demand for a joint parliamentary committee on the rafale deal.
this itself will put the pm in jail, rahul said.
congress also reiterated his claim that fresh developments in the rafale matter had also made the supreme court judgment in the matter open to question now alleging that the apex court had been clearly misled by the government on various aspects of the multi-crore defence deal.
even as bjp attacked gandhi and called him a lying machine for accusing modi, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad asserted that the email referred to a chopper deal and not the rafale purchase.
anil ambani's reliance defence also responded to rahul gandhi's charge claiming that the proposed mou mentioned in the email cited by him was a reference to its cooperation with airbus helicopter and had no connection with the fighter jet contract.
this story is from january 9, 2019pandit madhup mudgal performing at saptakdownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ahmedabad: on a certain saptak day, some people roll in like drums stampeding across a meditation room.
for 13 days, the festival sets up indias classical sanctum in ahmedabad.
the countrys greatest artists and the audience, purists as well as aspiring rasikas, together create a spell of rumination.
but on that day, bouncers  an extravagantly unusual sight at the festival  stand as stiff as tanpuras inside the venue.
negotiations with bouncers, car horns, and general impatience grind against the gate.
for saptak regulars, those sounds are as distressing as the hoot of a malfunctioning microphone during alaap.
it is the ustad zakir hussain day!
on that day, saptaks famous concertina pass is punched for the very first time for scores of visitors.
of course, music lovers have the right to attend just one baithak.
and by picking hussain sahabs recital, they choose to hear the echoes of fingertips that have percussed trends across musical cultures.
in 2017, when rahul sharma presented kaushi kanada, hussain sahab made his tablas contain their energy in a delicate pulse  so santoor peals proceeded confidently, wrapped in the soft tolling of hussain sahabs genius.
but one-recital enthusiasts must be mindful of the saptak convention.
saptak followers are not obsessed by one star.
the festival spreads out a cosmos of traditions, gharanas, and music divinities.
the stalwarts themselves revise their masterworks: the bihag exegesis in one edition can return with new musings.
besides, the festival traces the path to the fountainhead of mighty legacies.
when mohan veena legend pandit vishwa mohan bhatt plays, you hear the counsel of his guru, pandit ravi shankar.
and on day 7 of saptak, on monday, in pandit madhup mudgals renditions of jaijaivanti and jog, rasikas heard the rampant lavishness of his mentor, pandit kumar gandharva.
when pandit mudgal finished his jaijaivanti exploration, discerning rasikas cried out: touch of class!
though midnight was approaching and the final baithak was yet to begin, rasikas urged pandit mudgal to extend his recital with a bhajan.
this is my gurus blessing, pandit mudgal told toi.
he advised me never to forget the pitch even after i made a name for myself.
thats saptak: even stars need the sun.
this story is from january 30, 2019george fernandes with bjp leader l k advani and ravishankarprasad prasad at patnadownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
muzaffarpur: the demise of firebrand socialist leader and former defence minister george fernandes sent shock waves among the residents of muzaffarpur, which the departed leader represented five times between 1977 and 2004.
the memories of his first election from muzaffarpur parliamentary constituency in 1977 are still fresh in the minds of his close friends and sympathizers.
people also recalled his pivotal role in establishing indian drugs and pharmaceuticals limited (idpl), kanti thermal power station (ktps) and nationalization of two units of bharat wagon (one at muzaffarpur and second at mokama) among his major contributions to the constituency.
dr harendra kumar, who spent almost three decades with george, recalled how he always talked about the development of his constituency which had sent him to the lok sabha even from behind the bars.
he was very popular among the students, trade union leaders and weaker sections of the society.
he was a real leader for them.
muzaffarpur will never forget him, he said, adding george was the first leader to be elected to the lok sabha from muzaffarpur in absentia as he was in jail in baroda dynamite case.
his name for the lok sabha election was suggested by jayaprakash narayan, the leader of 1974 movement.
george was arrested from kolkata in the infamous dynamite case in 1976 and police had brought him to muzaffarpur.
it was his works for the students, trade unions and the downtrodden that people of the constituency voted him for the lok sabha when he was in jail, said kumar.
arvind varun, a man close to him as the state secretary of gandhi peace foundation, said george sir always thought of development of the area.
once he declared that he wanted to see muzaffarpur as mini mumbai in terms of development.
he left no stone unturned to do this and helped in establishing power station, the very first studio of eastern india for doordarshan at muzaffarpur, apart from setting up bela industrial area during his regime as union industries minister, he said.
varun said the great admiration for him could be gauged from the fact that people of muzaffarpur elected him to the lok sabha in 1977, 1980, 1989, 1991, 2004.
sharing his memories of the departed leader, surendra kumar, another close associate of george and three-term national secretary of gandhi peace foundation, said, the bond with him went stronger with each passing day after coming into his contact in 1979.
i found him a man of commitment and hard labour.
he never thought for a second if anybody asked for help, said kumar, maintaining that his good works led to his victory with more than three lakh votes over his congress rival.
kumar said the decision to kick out a multinational company from the country was taken in a meeting at muzaffarpur.
the district was reeling under acute shortage of drinking water.
the then district magistrate had served him soft drink of a popular brand.
that infuriated him and the company had to leave the country under different sections of foreign exchange regulation act (fera), recalled kumar.
s k verma, an employee of bharat wagon, recalled the contribution of george to this unit.
we were working under a private company.
the working conditions were very poor.
but, he nationalized the unit soon after becoming the minister, verma said, adding it was an irony that the unit has now been closed.
patna: deputy cm sushil kumar modi on friday urged investors to invest in information technology (it) sector in the state by taking benefits of slew of incentives envisaged by bihar it/ites investment promotion vision, 2017.
speaking at an event in kolkata, modi said the incentives under the new it investment promotion policy include exemption from stamp duty, registration fees and land conversion fees, tax incentive, employment cost subsidy and skill development subsidy for sc/st and women candidates.
the investors would be given 10  interest subsidy on the bank loan by the state government after commencement of production with an upper limit of rs 20 crore.
the tax incentives include 125  reimbursement of state gst on the net tax payable for initial five years of productionwe are inviting all the it and ites companies to come forward and promote entrepreneurship in the state, modi said.
the deputy cm also informed the prospective investors about the infrastructure facilities being provided by bihar government in the it sector.
in terms of creating infrastructure, the state it department is in the process of developing an it city at rajgir, it park at bihta and it tower near dak bungalow crossing at patna, modi said.
the new it investment policy along with electronics system design and manufacturing vision, 2017 was approved by bihar cabinet on september 12.
an it conclave was also organised on september 14, in which top executives from leading it firms were addressed by chief minister nitish kumar, union minister of electronic and it, and law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad, among others.
this story is from november 5, 2018bjps central spokesperson sudhanshu trivedi (file photo)download the times of india news app for latest cityjaipur: the ram janmabhoomibabri masjid dispute is becoming a big issue in poll-bound rajasthan.
a day after bjp poll incharge prakash javadekar slammed senior congress leader ghulam nabi azad for accusing the saffron party of politicizing ram mandir issue, bjps central spokesperson sudhanshu trivedi on sunday sought apology from rahul gandhi for anti-ram temple stand.
trivedi asked gandhi to apologise for his partys role in supporting mualayam singh yadav's government which had mercilessly killed several kar sewaks in 1990.
rahul gandhi should also apologise for former prime minister pv narsimha raos announcement to build mosque again on the temple site, said trivedi.
he also reminded gandhi of how congress leader kapil sibal had demanded the hearing of ram janmabhoomi case to be postponed till general elections in 2019 and this had hurt the sentiments of the vast majority.
congress leader sibal has been appearing in the court for sunni waqf board and babri masjid action committee while our law minister ravishankarprasad prasad is representing ramlala in the court.
gandhi shouldnt only apologize for the act of his leader but also remove him, said trivedi, who is campaigning in rajasthan for polls slated for december 7.
reacting on the congress leader bhupendra singh hoodas remark of visiting ram temple during a press conference in jaipur on sunday, trivedi said that congress leader shashi tharoor had said that those who talk about ram temple are bad hindus.
is hooda a bad hindu?
trivedi asked.
he reiterated that that ram mandir issue has been on for the last 490 years and it is never an issue related to polls.
bjp leaders are reaching out to the beneficiaries of welfare schemes by eating meals or taking tea to strike a direct chord them.
bjps poll incharge prakash javadekar had lunch at a house of a beneficiary at jhalana in jaipur.
the saffron party has claimed that out of 4.
5 crore voters, 2 crore were beneficiaries of raje government schemes.
patna: decks have been cleared for unopposed election of all the six candidates from bihar to the rajya sabha as the nomination papers of all of them were found valid during scrutiny on tuesday.
there are only six rs vacancies from the state and, as such, it is unlikely that the voting, slated for march 23, will be held.
the last date of withdrawal of nominations is march 15.
the candidates include union minister ravishankarprasad prasad (bjp), jd (u) state president bashishtha narain singh and his partys sitting member mahendra prasad aka king mahendra, delhi university professor and rjd national spokesman manoj jha and katihar medical college founder and rjd candidate ahmad ashfaque karim besides congresss akhilesh prasad singh, who was an rjd minister in the upa-1 at centre.
according to their affidavits submitted along with their nomination papers, pharma tycoon king mahendra is the richest among the six candidates.
he owns movable assets worth rs 4,000 crore, including cash deposits of rs 1,300 crore in banks in delhi and rs 1,900 crore in banks at mumbai.
his immovable properties are worth rs 29.
1 crore and include residential buildings and farmhouses in delhi and mumbai besides vast agricultural land at jehanabad.
rjds karim has fixed assets worth rs 23.
3 crore and movable properties worth rs 6 crore.
he also owns an suv and a car.
rjds jha has declared in his affidavit that he owns properties worth rs 75 lakh.
his movable assets are worth rs 24.
16 lakh and immovable assets worth rs 50.
79 lakh.
union minister ravishankarprasad has declared in his affidavit that he owns movable properties worth rs 17.
71 crore and immovable assets worth rs 3.
74crore.
he also owns three luxury cars.
while congresss akhilesh owns properties worth rs 20 crore, jd (u)s bashishtha has declared he owns properties worth rs 2 crore.
chennai: the ruling aiadmk on friday announced a five-day public rally in the cauvery delta districts, beginning april 25, demanding that the centre comply with the supreme court order on constituting a mechanism to regulate water release.
chief minister edappadi k palaniswami will speak in tiruvarur and deputy cm o panneerselvam in nagapattinam.
the move comes when arch-rival dmk led by its working president m k stalin, its allies and like-minded parties have been organising black flag demonstrations, agitations and rallies.
with the opposition training its guns on the government for its failure to get cauvery management board constituted, the ruling aiadmk is keen to win over the farmers.
panneerselvam camped in new delhi on thursday and met union ministers arun jaitley and ravishankarprasad prasad, but no positive signal was forthcoming on the cauvery issue, source said.
our meeting is aimed at taking to the masses the efforts of the aiadmk governments in establishing the states rights over cauvery water.
the opposition is unleashing a false campaign for political gains.
the government is keen on taking on the battle both legally and politically, law minister c ve shanmugam told toi.
the minister, who took part in the hearing last time, alleged that dmk betrayed the interests of the state in the past.
along with its principal ally, congress, dmk failed to get the 2007 final order of the cauvery water disputes tribunal gazetted despite being part of the upa government at the centre.
it was only due to jayalalithaas persistent efforts the order was gazetted in 2013.
the dmk could not wait for 30 days given to the centre to form the authority, the minister said.
last week, the dmk and allies announced it would organise a human chain protest in district headquarters on april 23.
stalin also wrote a letter to modi seeking an audience with him.
we have a chief minister, a slave, who could not get an appointment with pm.
a resolution has been passed by us to meet him and represent our case.
if we get an appointment, i am ready to take the cm as well.
till then, our protest will continue, stalin said, at a wedding in tiruporur on friday.
new delhi: the government has rolled out a massive bpo (business process outsourcing) outreach programme across the country and has managed to create 35,000 seats across smaller towns and cities, including jammu and kashmir, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on wednesday.
the governments ambitious bpo scheme aims to create over 48,000 bpo seats in smaller towns to get them on the global digital map of the country.
we are confident of reaching the target in the coming six months, prasad said.
the scheme, rolled out in 2015, aims to promote bpo operations in smaller towns, and provides special incentives of up to rs 1lakh per seat in the form of viability gap funding.
disbursement of financial support is directly linked to job creation.
bpo is becoming a platform for digital aspiration in smaller towns, as part of this scheme.
bpos in smaller cities and towns will be the biggest accelerator of digital empowerment, the minister said.
he said after four rounds of open bidding process, 18,160 seats had been allocated to 109 units of 87 companies across 60 locations in 19 states.
some of the new locations where operations have started under the bpo scheme are tirupati, guntupalli, rajamundry (andhra pradesh), patna and muzaffarpur (bihar), raipur(chattisgarh), baddi and shimla (himachal pradesh), sagar(madhya pradesh), bhubaneshwar, cuttack and jaleshwar (odisha).
bids have also been received for locations like chittoor, mathura, jahanabad, gaya, vellore, tirupur among others and are being evaluated.
under another similar scheme for northeast region called the ' north east bpo promotion scheme ', which entails another 5,000 seats, 1,630 seats have been allocated to 11 companies across five states.
the outlay for the ' india bpo promotion scheme ' is rs 493 crore, while that of 'north east bpo promotion scheme' is rs 50 crore, prasad said.
together the schemes are allowing the youth to find jobs in their own cities and towns instead of migrating to urban clusters.
it is also allowing us to be cost-competitive vis a vis international bpo destinations like ireland, vietnam and the philippines, the minister said.
new delhi: congress on tuesday accused the modi government of lying that it was not a party to the case in which the supreme court put checks on implementation of the sc/st act , demanding that it apologise to the nation.
deputy leader of opposition in rajya sabha anand sharma said law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had sought to distance the centre from the court ruling by telling a lie that it had nothing to do with the case.
the government was very much a party.
the government was represented.
the government did not argue the case.
the government endorsed (the judgment) by not telling the court that it cannot dilute the law.
so, the government is a willing party to what has happened, sharma along with spokespersons randeep surjewala and shaktisinh gohil told reporters, distributing copies of court documents which showed that notices were issued to the centre.
sharma wondered how pm modi could maintain silence when his ministers were misleading the country with their false claims.
according to the congress leaders, the detailed judgment proved that the centre did not argue to protect the sc/st act but made concessions which were akin to a conspiracy to kill the law that provided a shield to dalits against discriminatory actions.
they pointed out paragraphs in the judgment where the centre agreed that 'anticipatory bail' could be given in cases found to be prima facie untrue.
surjewala said the sc had on november 17, 2017, issued notice to the attorney general since the issue involved interpretation of a central law.
this story is from december 8, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymadurai/thanjavur: the madurai bench of the madras high court on friday stayed the two-day meditation camp proposed to be conducted by sri sri ravishankar's art of living foundation at the brihadeeshwarar temple in thanjavur hours before it was to begin.
the interim directions came on a public interest litigation moved before the bench which called upon the authorities to cancel the permission granted for a private event at the place of worship.
the petitioner, n venkatesh of kumbakonam, stated that the archaeological survey of india (asi) and the state's hindu religious and charitable endowments (hr&ce) department had granted permission for the event, unveiling infinity, dubbed an immersive meditation programme by the organizers, to be held on friday evening and saturday.
he pointed out that the over 1,000-year-old temple built by chola king raja raja 1 was a unesco site.
he was shocked to learn that the authorities had allowed sri sri ravishankar to conduct a meeting for his followers in the tents erected next to the thanjavur big temple violating all norms and rules.
the authorities are allowing a private party to conduct meeting and have allowed installation of tents very close to the temple without showing any sense of preserving a monument, the petitioner stated.
he also pointed out that the national green tribunal was critical of the art of living's earlier meeting in 2016 on the banks of river yamuna and slapped a rs 5crore fine on the foundation .
the authorities had erred in granting permission to a person who had already been identified a violator.
a division bench of justices k k sasidharan and p d audikesaavalu granted interim stay on the impending event and directed the thanjavur district administration to ensure all temporary structures set up on the temple premises were removed.
further hearing on the case has been adjourned to monday.
following the order, the organizers removed the pandal and took away the chairs, banners and generators from the spot under the watchful eyes of police personnel led by thanjavur superintendent of police t senthilkumar.
prior to the pack-up, members of organisations including citu, hawkers association, all india democratic womens association, tamil desiya periyakkam and political parties like cpm and vck took out a rally from sivagangai park to the temple in protest.
police stopped them near chozhan statue roundabout and arrested 28 protesters including a woman.
we are wondering as to how asi permitted a corporate spiritual leader like ravishankarprasad to conduct a private event inside unesco-tagged heritage site.
he could have held his event somewhere else in thanjavur but not inside big temple, said the president of thanjavur big temple rights retrieval committee, ayanapuram c murugesanmeanwhile, organizers of the event were caught off-guard by the development.
asi had given the permission with 15 conditions which we complied with during the course of arrangements for the past 15 days.
some friends raised objections to the event at the last movement.
we thank them.
but we will organize the event at a private place in thanjavur, pradeep kumar, one of the organizers, told reporters.
this story is from november 22, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: bjp on wednesday accused congress of working to deny justice to the victims of 1984 anti-sikh riots and also targeted kamal nath , the opposition partys chief in poll-bound madhya pradesh , saying he was removed as the partys in-charge for the punjab assembly polls following protests by sikhs.
a day after a delhi court awarded death sentence to an accused and life imprisonment to another in a 1984 riots case, senior bjp leader and union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the probe carried out by a special investigation team set up by the centre had led to the sentencing.
we (bjp) are very satisfied, the minister said about his partys stand on the verdict and added that people needed to be told that congress had tried to ensure that the sikh victims did not get justice.
the opposition party did it to save its own people, he alleged.
this story is from december 30, 2018bihar cm nitish kumar met kins of bjp mlc suraj nandan kushwaha who passed away after cardiac arrest in patna .
.
.
read moredownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: bjp mlc and the partys former general secretary, surajnandan kushwaha (61), died of cardiac arrest at his residence in the bahadurpur locality here on saturday.
he was cremated at gulbi ghat with full state honours in the presence of a large number of bjp leaders, workers and well-wishers.
surajnandan, who was a senior teacher of history at guru gobind singh college in patna city, is survived by his wife, a son and daughter.
he is the second bjp mlc after satyendra singh kushwaha (who died early this year) who could not complete his term in the state legislative council.
satyendra had become mlc in 2012 and kushwaha in 2014.
governor lalji tandon, cm nitish kumar , union minister ravishankarprasad prasad, deputy cm sushil kumar modi, ministers nand kishore yadav and mangal pandey, among others, mourned surajnandan.
cm nitish visited his residence early morning.
state bjp president nityanand rai also arrived from delhi and paid tributes to the departed leader at his residence.
before his cremation, surajnandans body was taken to the state legislative council where the leaders paid their floral tributes to him.
his body was later brought to the state bjp headquarters.
make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: bjp on thursday expressed its disagreement with meghalaya governor tathagata roys tweet asking people to boycott everything kashmiri following the pulwama terror attack.
i dont agree with his tweet.
matter ends there, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters when asked about roys tweets.
a long-time bjp leader who was associated with various hindutva organisations before being appointed a governor by the modi government, roy had supported a call for boycotting kashmir, including not travelling to the valley and not purchasing its products, following the pulwama terror attack.
an appeal from a retired colonel of the indian army: dont visit kashmir, dont go to amarnath for the next two years.
dont buy articles from kashmir emporia or kashmiri tradesmen who come every winter.
boycott everything kashmiri.
i am inclined to agree, roy had tweeted.
his tweet was a major embarrassment to the government.
new delhi: the cabinet on tuesday cleared a new policy to boost electronics manufacturing in the country, offering cheaper loan-financing rates as well as well as easier credit access to companies to achieve a local production of $400 billion by 2025.
the government wants a phased manufacturing programme ( pmp ) plan for electronics, just like it had introduced for making mobile phones.
the new scheme replaces the previous policy, which was announced in 2012.
there is a perceptible change in the electronics manufacturing environment of the country and a strong push at this stage will deepen and increase the pace of investments in this sector.
there has also been a strong demand from the domestic electronics manufacturing industry for a revised and forward-looking framework for incentivising the sector, it minister ravishankarprasad prasad said.
the new electronics policy 2019 will usher in a slew of new incentive schemes.
these include an interest-subvention scheme that provides lower financing rates for loans up to rs 1,000 crore.
the credit guarantee fund scheme will provide default guarantee to the banks up to 75  of the financing on plant and machinery for loans up to rs 100 crore.
this will eliminate the need for small and new investors to provide third-party collateral currently being demanded by banks for giving such loans, prasad said.
the policy aims to increase domestic value addition in manufacturing with a key thrust on exports to position india as a global sourcing hub.
this story is from january 25, 2019representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
panaji: the cabinet on thursday gave ex post facto approval for the appointment of the entertainment society of goa (esg) as the event management agency for information technology (it) day, which was held on july 14 and 15 last year, and for the international blockchain congress (ibc goa) held on august 5.
the charges incurred for both eventsorganised by the state as part of its it promotion initiatives was rs 3.
7 crore.
it was during it day that the states it policy 2018 and a slew of schemes were unveiled by union it minister, ravishankarprasad prasad.
sources said that while the proposal to appoint esg as the event management agency was administratively authorised by state it minister rohan khaunte , there were no expenditure sanction from the finance department.
when the it department did seek approval after the event was held, the finance department raised objections and asked the it department to justify the reasonability of the prices invoiced by the esg.
it day cost the government rs 1.
82 crore, while the ibc event incurred a cost of rs 1.
88 crore.
the finance department maintained that these substantial expenditures would require cabinet approval as there was no prior sanction.
it was subsequently put before the council of minister on thursday after chief minister manohar parrikar, who also holds the finance portfolio, approved the proposal.
this story is from january 7, 2019union minister rajnath singh.
(afp)make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: bjp president amit shah on sunday appointed senior leaders rajnath singh and arun jaitley as head of 20-member sankalp patra (manifesto) committee and publicity wings of the party respectively for the lok sabha polls.
shah has formed 17 groups in preparation for the elections assigning key responsibilities to most of the senior party leaders.
union ministers nirmala sitharaman , ravishankarprasad prasad, piyush goyal and mukhtar abbas naqvi and former madhya pradesh chief minister shivraj singh chouhan are the other members of the committee.
jaitley will also be a member of this committee.
if there is no tie-up, bjp will defeat ex-allies, says shah: in a veiled warning to shiv sena, bjp president amit shah said on sunday that if an alliance happened, the party will ensure victory for its allies, but if it did not, the party will thrash its former allies in the lok sabha polls.
shahs statement came immediately after maharashtra cm fadnavis set a target of winning 40 of the 48 seats in the state.
shiv sena said it was ready to take on whoever challenges it.
patna: state energy minister bijendra prasad yadav on sunday said over 11.
5 crore people pay direct or indirect taxes in india with the help of which the country runs in addition to loans taken by the government.
the judiciary is also running on taxpayers money, the minister said at the second national conference on state tribunals in india here.
union law and justice minister ravishankarprasad prasad, ias officers tripurari sharan and k k pathak were also present.
politicians and bureaucrats are punished if they are found guilty.
what about the judiciary?
yadav asked.
he said tribunals have are battling with more pending cases than courts.
even after 70 years of independence, the condition of tribunals is poor in the country, the minister added.
he also raised the issue of unavailability of accommodation for mlas and ministers as cases related to occupying government accommodations are pending before the patna high court.
the hc had reserved its order after hearing the matter on february 5 this year.
the minister praised retired ias officer v s dubey, who was sitting in the front row, for unearthing multi-crore fodder scam.
you have done a historical job, yadav said while turning his eyes to dubey.
dehradun: union minister for law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad on tuesday said that he is in talks with union minister for road transport and highways nitin gadkari to link driving licence with aadhaar card.
he said that by link driving licence with aadhaar, a drunk driver would be caught easily if he or she manages to escape.
i am in conversation with union minister nitin gadkari to link aadhaar card with (driving) licence, so that if a drunk driver escapes from one state to another by killing people, he would be caught.
a person can change name not his/her fingerprints, he told reporters.
on a private visit to the hill state, prasad visited kedarnath and badrinath shrines on tuesday morning.
before returning to delhi, he reached the bjp office and interacted with media briefly.
i prayed for the peace and progress of the country and after hearing about the poor internet connection, i immediately ordered to set up a wi-fi chaupal in kedarnath, so that everyone can be connected, prasad said.
prasad also cautioned congress president rahul gandhi to refrain from making baseless comments against the rashtriya swayamsewak sangh ( rss ) which, he said, is a nationalist organization working for the welfare of country.
responding to a query on rahuls trial in a defamatory case filed by the rss in maharashtra, the minister said, rahul gandhi should not make such baseless and senseless allegations against the rss.
and one more thing i want to tell rahul gandhi, that his father, grandmother and great grandfather had bad-mouthed the rss, but today sangh is flourishing and the bjp is ruling the country.
on tuesday, the congress president pleaded not guilty in a bhiwandi court in maharashtra where the rss has sued him in a defamation case.
in an election rally before 2014, the congress president had blamed the rss for mahatma gandhis assassination in 1948.
the law minister also defended modi governments latest move of lateral entry by calling it a historic decision to bolster the bureaucracy.
the lateral entry has been carried out in past too.
in the rajiv gandhi government, manmohan singh was brought as an advisor, and we have formulated the policy to bring domain experts to work for the country.
the central government had last week invited applications from people with over 15 years of experience and exceptional track record for getting the lateral entry for joint secretary-rank posts in different sectors like finance, road and highway, civil aviation, environment, revenue, farmer welfare and energy.
the move has caused resentment among the bureaucrats since it would mean a senior level post of joint secretary would be up for grab for the lateral entry.
the union minister also held a meeting with cm trivendra singh rawat and dhan singh rawat and discussed the national law school project.
dehradun is the knowledge capital of india and very soon our government would set up national law college here for the state.
i have asked the cm to send a delegation on a field study to visit jodhpur before finalizing the plan for dehradun project, he said.
this story is from january 7, 2019union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
(ap)duplication because of lack of national databasemake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
phagwara/new delhi: the centre is considering linking aadhaar with driving licences to tackle the problem of duplicate and fraudulent documents, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on sunday.
delivering the presidential address at the indian science congress, the minister said, we are soon going to bring a law which will make it mandatory to link aadhaar with driving licences, according to pti .
at present, what happens is that the guilty person who causes an accident flees the scene and gets a duplicate licence.
this helps him go scot-free.
however, with the aadhaar linkage you can change your name but you cannot change your biometrics, neither iris nor fingerprints.
so the moment you go in for a duplicate licence, the system will say this person already has a driving licence and should not be given a new one, said prasad.
sources said this could be done through a law as the supreme court in its ruling on aadhaar had said the id could be used for welfare schemes and any legitimate state interest.
this could mean a measure like aadhaar linkage with driving licence and it has come up in the context of changes in the motor vehicle act, currently pending in rajya sabha while several states have taken steps to improve issuance of driving licence, lack of a shared national data-base makes it difficult to track duplication.
the same problem affected issuance of passports until recording of biometrics was introduced which reduced the incidence of duplicate and fraudulent documents.
new delhi: bjp president amit shah made his debut in rajya sabha on friday, occupying a seat in the front row, right next to the seats reserved for the leader of the house and the prime minister.
shah, 53, who was elected to rajya sabha from gujarat in august, entered the house a few minutes before the proceedings were to start.
members on the treasury benches, including several ministers, stood up to welcome him.
some thumped desks and others clapped as a smiling shah greeted them with folded hands.
he then went straight to his assigned seat in the front row.
after he was seated, some members walked up to him to greet him.
ministers including hrd minister prakash javedkar and i&b minister smriti irani were seen thumping their desks and clapping to welcome the bjp chief.
shah was given the front seat earlier occupied by m venkaiah naidu who after being elected vice-president is chairman of the upper house.
keeping shah company will be ministers ram vilas paswan, ravishankarprasad prasad and thaawar chand gehlot.
several other ministers are seated in the second and third rows behind shah.
patna: union minister upendra kushwaha , who heads the rashtriya lok samata party (rlsp), on thursday skipped a get-together of senior nda leaders in bihar, bringing to the fore the discontent simmering within the bjp-led coalition over sharing of seats for the next lok sabha polls.
kushwaha excused himself citing his preoccupation in delhi, even as bihar chief minister nitish kumar , union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and radha mohan singh, deputy cm sushil kumar modi, bjp national general secretary in-charge of the state bhupendra yadav and ljp chief ram vilas paswan attended the gathering.
shortly after kushwaha conveyed his decision to skip the event to bjp state president nityanand rai over telephone, a statement was issued by his party's national working president nagamani saying: nda will achieve spectacular success in lok sabha and vidhan sabha polls in bihar if these are fought projecting kushwaha as the leader of the coalition.
after the bjp, the rlsp has the largest support base among nda constituents in bihar.
on the national level, ours is a bigger party than the jd(u) and the nda had benefitted from kushwaha's support in the 2014 lok sabha polls, when jd(u) had fought separately, nagamani said.
some leaders of the jd(u), and even the bjp, have acknowledged nitish kumar as the nda's leader in bihar.
this can not be deemed as the view of the entire coalition.
the leader for bihar shall be decided by the nda's national leadership and not by those of a state level, he added.
however in an attempt to avoid confrontation, nagamani later turned up at the nda get-together at the gyan bhavan complex.
as he took a seat near the entrance of the hall, nagamani was persuaded by nityanand rai to be seated close to other senior leaders.
discontent has been brewing among nda constituents in bihar, who face the daunting challenge of arriving at a seat-sharing formula acceptable to all.
out of the 40 lok sabha seats in the state, the bjp won 22 in the 2014 polls, while the ljp and the rlsp bagged six and three respectively.
the jd(u) fought separately and won only two.
however, the party has been pushing its status as the senior coalition partner in the state, pointing towards its greater number of mlas.
statements by its deputy leader in the assembly, shyam rajak, and national general secretary and chief spokesman kc tyagi made the jd(u)'s stance clear.
we contested 25 seats in 2009 and we should get the same number this time.
it would be our right and not a charity, rajak told reporters at gyan bhawan complex.
tyagi said in delhi that if 2014 results were to be taken as a benchmark to allot seats to each nda constituent in 2019, then in the 2020 assembly polls, the results of 2015 should be taken as the base and jd(u) should be given 150 out of the total number of 243 seats.
kushwaha, a former nitish kumar loyalist, had quit the jd(u) in 2013 when he was a rajya sabha member, months after having been suspended from the party on disciplinary grounds.
he went on to form his own party and joined the bjp-led nda.
riding the strong narendra modi wave in 2014, his party won three lok sabha seats and he became the minister of state for human resource development.
however, his party did poorly in the assembly polls a month later, managing to win only two seats.
he has reportedly been sulking over his diminished stature in the nda since kumar returned to the coalition last year.
the nda gathering is first since kumar returned to the coalition after dumping the grand alliance with the rjd and the congress in july last year.
this story is from december 13, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the practice of triple talaq continues in the country despite the supreme court banning it and the government issuing an ordinance terming it illegal, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told parliament on wednesday.
there were 248 cases in various parts of the country since the sc judgment last year and up had the highest number of such cases, he added.
prasad added that unofficial reports said over 477 cases of triple talaq were reported since january 2017.
he said since parliament was not in session, an ordinance banning the practice was promulgated on september 19.
new delhi: a delegation of senior bjp leaders, including three cabinet ministers, called on the election commission of india on thursday to refute congress allegations that prime minister narendra modi violated the model code of conduct after casting his vote in ahmedabad.
the delegation included defence minister nirmala sitharaman, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and minority affairs minister mukhtar abbas naqvi , minister of state for law p p choudhary and bjp national general secretary arun singh.
the delegation argued that there was no violation by the pm and congress was resorting to unwarranted allegations in views of its impending defeat in gujarat.
congress is making baseless allegations against a constitutional body.
it is merely an excuse for the congress president-elect rahul gandhi , who is headed for defeat in gujarat and ploy is to blame it on the election commission, said bjp national general secretary, bhupendra yadav , who has been the partys key strategist for the gujarat assembly polls.
choudhary said the delegation complained about the strong language congress leaders used for the pm and also the constitutional body of election commission.
the language congress used for the ec and the prime minister is not acceptable in parliamentary democracy and we urged the ec to refrain congress from such tactics, he said.
bjp spokesperson g v l narasimha rao called out the sheer pettiness of congress.
you loved it when the same eci declared ahmed patel winner in rs polls.
why are you taking out your anger now on eci for the spontaneous support to the pm?
isn't it too much to expect eci to act as parivar's darbaris?
rao said, arrogance of nehru dynasty is on vulgar display in its frontal attack on eci.
how dare you give a notice to king rahul?
the same mentality is evident in pm being called neech, tu chai bech or cec a puppet.
request media not to fail in duty & object to such abuse.
the bjp said congress should find better excuses for impending defeat.
verbal abuse is no substitute for a massive election defeat.
leader rahul gandhi and his mom converted even the office of pm into a puppet for 10 years?
puppetry is your art, rao said.
new delhi: bjp on wednesday reiterated its demand for apology from congress president rahul gandhi on the cambridge analytica issue after facebook founder mark zuckerbergs admission of not doing enough to prevent misuse of users data during his testimony before the united states congress on monday.
soon after the testimony, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad targeted gandhi, whose party has been accused by bjp of using the stolen data for elections.
now that cambridge analyticas role in manipulating elections is clear and facebook has assured to stop it and maintain integrity of indias elections, probity demands that rahul gandhi should apologise and promise not to manipulate voters and divide the society in future!
prasad tweeted.
however, congress it cell chief divya spandana reacted through tweet: i reiterate, the congress party has never engaged with cambridge analytica, nationally or regionally.
this story is from january 24, 2019bihar deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi.
(file photo)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: deputy cm sushil kumar modi (sumo) said on wednesday the bjp would raise the demand for caste-based census in 2021 and increased quota for the extremely backward castes (ebcs) during the upcoming parliamentary elections.
the bjp demands that the 2021 census should be caste-based.
we also demand increased quota for the ebc groups.
our party will definitely raise the issues during electioneering and later move the court after the 2021 caste census to pursue the demand for increase in ebc quota, sumo said.
the centre under pm narendra modi has constituted a commission to look into matters related to classification of the other backward classes (obcs) into the backward and ebc groups and suggest the division of 27  quota among the two categories in the central government jobs.
the caste-based census will provide supplementary information to help in the fixation of increased quota for the ebc groups, because their combined number is very big, sumo said.
the announcements are significant as sumo, along with union minister ravishankarprasad prasad , is in the bjp's central committee for the preparation of the poll manifesto for the coming lok sabha polls.
further, sumo made the announcements at a function to celebrate the birth anniversary of former cm karpoori thakur a day ahead of his actual date of birth.
thakur was the architect of reservation for the backward, ebc, women and economically weak among the upper caste groups in the state back in february 1978 under the janata party coalition government that he led.
it was called the karpoori formula of reservation.
sumo said pm modi, who also belongs to the ebc group, should be deemed as the natural legatee of karpoori's contributions and, therefore, he is committed to implement the 'karpoori formula' for the backward caste and ebc groups in the central jobs.
he added that pm modi has also given 10  reservation to economically weaker among the general category.
sumo assailed rjd and congress claiming that the two parties had not been sincere towards the ebc quota.
congress failed to implement the recommendations of the mandal commission that was ultimately done by former pm v p singh, he said and added that the first nda government reserved the single seats (like of mukhiyas, ward councillors, zila parishad members) for the ebc groups in the panchayat and urban local bodies.
bengaluru: in a first, an animated sanskrit feature film, punyakoti, has been made by various artists on google hangouts.
ravi shankar, a human resource officer at infosys, is directing the one-and-a-half hour movie based on a kannada folk song about a cow and tiger.
caught by a hungry tiger, punyakoti, the cow, pleads that she be allowed to go home to feed her calf and promises to come back.
the tiger agrees and the cow goes home, feeds and consoles its calf before heading back to the forest.
shocked to see the cows honesty, the tiger commits suicide by jumping off a cliff.
the story also depicts man-animal conflict.
i hadnt decided the language when i started the project.
a workshop was conducted in my office about the importance of sanskrit which gave me the idea to make it in that language, said ravi.
the veteran ilayaraja has scored music for the film, while the voice-over artist is actor revathi.
in the making for four years, it will be completed this month.
ravi said ilayaraja was a huge motivation for him to realise his dream.
the folk song has been metamorphosed into a movie based on extended virtual communication between the director and animation artists.
to start with, ravi is eyeing film festivals and is planning to launch it on the big screen later.
ravi first heard the story from a friend and decided to make it into a film to encourage his children to learn folk stories.
when i came up with the thought i didnt know how to make it work and later learnt about crowdfunding, said ravi.
by the end of 2016, they could raise rs 40 lakh which helped him source animators.
i have never met the animators in person.
everything has been done through virtual communication using google hangouts, he said.
they would share screens, create animations and work together.
gigi mathews, a communication expert, said she was on a sabbatical when she heard the story idea and joined the project.
this film has taught us a lot  patience, dedication, determination and much more.
creating a film in sanskrit was a challenge.
we all had to learn the language, she added.
new delhi: the cabinet on wednesday approved the extension of delhi metro network from noida city centre to sector-62, which borders ghaziabad.
the line , which is near completion, is being built with an investment of rs 1,967 crore.
the 6.
7-kilometre new line will be an extension of the dwarka-noida city centre blue line and is proposed to have six stations.
announcing the decision, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the extension of the line will provide transport facilities to a large number of people living in noida, besides catering to residents of nearby areas of ghaziabad.
the centres liability will be to tune of rs 341 crore on account of grant and subordinate debt for the project, the official release said.
project will be implemented by delhi metro rail corporation ltd dmrc ).
about 81  progress of civil work and 55  of overall financial progress of the project have been achieved, an official release said.
noida metro rail corporation (nmrc) will contribute rs 931 crore and dmrcs contribution for rolling stock (coaches) will be rs 340 crore.
new delhi: social justice minister thawar chand gehlot accused the opposition of provoking protesters during the bandh called by dalit organisations on monday which led to arson and deaths even as junior minister ramdas athavale said the protests were a spontaneous outpouring of anger and opposition parties should not take credit for them.
importantly, addressing a press conference, athavale rooted for caste census in the country, saying it would give people an idea of the share of different castes in the population.
he said animosity towards scs/sts/obcs stemmed from job reservation for these communities and it can be neutralised by giving quotas to the poor among general communities.
when told that caste data collected through the socio economic and caste census was pending with the government, athavale said he would write to the pm that the data be processed and released.
gehlot, however, targeted the opposition and said, we had appealed to opposition parties to take the agitation back.
however, they provoked scs/sts.
.
.
seven people died, several properties were damaged, clashes happened.
opposition parties, which played a negative role, are responsible for this.
about congress chief rahul gandhi's remark that dna of rss-bjp was hostile to dalits, gehlot said, bjp is the only party that worked to protect the interest of scs and sts.
whenever we got a chance, we took the opportunity to make historic decisions for them.
athavale too questioned rahul's claim that bjp and nda were anti-dalit, arguing no party could afford to be hostile to scs/sts.
he said everybody should realise that reservations could never be scrapped.
the day reservations go, the government will fall, he added.
making a suo moto statement in lok sabha, home minister rajnath singh said the centre was committed to protection of dalits and tribals and also spoke about measures taken to strengthen the sc/st (prevention of atrocities) act.
speaking to toi, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the supreme court should have made the centre a party in the case and it should have been more sensitive in delivering judgment on such an emotive issue.
the premier show of rajaratha that was held at a multiplex in bengaluru on thursday night.
apart from the cast and crew of the film  which included director anup bhandari, and actors nirup bhandari, p ravishankarprasad and avantika shetty  there were several other stars who turned up to watch the film.
our lens spotted sruthi hariharan, vasishta n simha, aindrita ray diganth , radhika chethan, manvitha harish, hitha chandrashekar, rohitt and actor-filmmaker rishab shetty, who was accompanied by his lovely wife, pragathi.
we also spotted actor siblings rishi and nethra, and anusha and ashika.
this story is from december 21, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: a bill to criminalise and make triple talaq (instant divorce) among muslims punishable will be taken up on thursday with the government and main opposition congress reaching an agreement to discuss the contentious legislation after christmas.
after days of disruptions due to opposition protests, including congress mps demanding a joint parliamentary committee probe on the rafale fighter deal, lok sabha is set to function smoothly when the house takes up the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2018, which criminalises the practice of triple talaq.
congress leader in lok sabha mallikarjun kharge on thursday urged speaker sumitra mahajan to defer the debate on triple talaq bill to next week, saying his party and others in the opposition were keen to take part in the debate as it was a serious issue.
kharge intervened in the house when the speaker asked law minister ravishankarprasad prasad to initiate the debate on the bill introduced on monday.
there should not be any doubt about congress party as i am assuring full cooperation when debate on the bill takes place, kharge said when some in the treasury benches raised questions whether proceedings would indeed be allowed to take place.
parliamentary affairs minister narendra singh tomar sought an assurance from the opposition that it would allow discussion on the bill without disruption.
i request you to take the bill on december 27.
we are all going to participate, kharge said.
to this, prasad said, as khargeji has made an open promise, we have no hesitation in having a discussion on december 27.
we all should respect views of a senior member of the house.
i urge that this debate be held in a sanguine and peaceful manner.
this story is from november 9, 2018ravi shankar prasad said the proceeds from the sale of the shares held by the custodian of enemy property will.
.
.
read morenew delhi: the government on thursday decided to begin sale of shares that are part of enemy property belonging to individuals and entities who left india at the time of partition.
the proceeds from the sale of the shares held by the custodian of enemy property will form part of the disinvestment receipts, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told reporters after a cabinet meeting.
apart from the sale - with the value of these scrips estimated at around rs 3,000 crore at current prices - the move signals the government's decision to dispose of enemy property, for which the government recently enacted a law.
though the current proposal deals with shares, one of the biggest such properties was owned by raja mahmudabad in lucknow whose heirs had contested the move.
in all 6.
5 crore shares in 996 companies of over 20,000 shareholders are under the custody of the custodian, of which 588 are functional or active companies.
of the entire lot, there are 139 companies which are listed, an official statement said.
the current law had been held up in parliament due to opposition's objections and was issued as an ordinance before its final passage.
the decision will lead to monetisation of movable enemy property lying dormant for decades.
sale proceeds will be used for welfare programmes, prasad said.
the move will also help bolster the centre's disinvestment receipts, which have been sluggish so far this year given the steep target of rs 80,000 crore.
with seven months of the financial year already over, the government has so far managed to raise a little over rs 10,000 crore and is banking on buybacks to meet the target, which is crucial to maintaining the overall fiscal deficit target set for the year.
separately, the government also decided on strategic sale of dredging corporation of india, where it holds a 73.
4  stake.
the shares will be sold to jnpt and kandla, vishakapatnman and paradip port trusts, prasad said.
in a statement, the government said before initiation of sale of any enemy shares, the custodian will certify that the sale of the shares is not in contravention of any court order.
the sale process will be monitored by a group of ministers headed by the finance minister and the department of public asset management or dipam will use merchant bankers for the share sale.
this story is from november 16, 2018shobha(left) with k laxmandownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: choppandandi sitting mla bodige shobha, who was denied ticket by trs , joined the bjp on thursday.
shobha was waiting till two days ago, hoping that trs leadership would clear her name.
but when trs announced konke ravishankarprasad as its candidate from choppadandi , she decided to join bjp and contest on its ticket.
interestingly, the bjp state election committee had cleared her name on wednesday, a day before she formally joined the party.
party sources said her name was included in the list after she expressed her intention to join the bjp to laxman over phone.
trs leader and former devarakonda mla balu naik also joined the bjp.
varanasi: reiterating his call for an out-of-court settlement of the ram janmabhoomi-babri masjid case, spiritual leader and founder of the art of living foundation sri sri ravishankarprasad said on tuesday that muslims should gift the disputed land in ayodhya to hindus for building a ram temple.
speaking at the ' sant samagam ' organised here by his foundation, the spiritual guru said, for a win-win situation, muslims should gift the piece of land to the hindus and withdraw all court cases.
in return, hindu saints should gift an equal area of land to the muslims at a nearby location where they can construct a mosque.
such a settlement will lead to friendship between both the communities.
though several religious leaders from across the country attended the samagam, muslim, sikh and christian invitees skipped the conclave.
this clearly shows that they do not consider themselves a part of this nation and are least interested to agree to any kind of settlement.
.
.
there is no point in fighting, it is ram janmabhoomi.
sri sri's intentions are undoubtedly positive, the chief priest of shri satua baba ashram temple, santosh das said.
apart from das, the other attendees included kashi vishwanath temple chief priest shrikant mishra, mahant of sankat mochan temple vishambharnath mishra, mahant of kashi annapurna mandir rameshwar puri, the vice-chancellor of sampurnanand sanskrit prof yadunath dwivedi and dandi swamis.
sri sri also inaugurated the 'om anugrah rail yatra', a spiritual train journey from varanasi, which would pass through the towns and villages in uttar pradesh, along with 900 devotees.
hyderabad: after spiritual leader and founder of art of living ravishankarprasad made a controversial remark regarding babri masjid-ram janmabhoomi dispute, a case was registered by moghalpura police on thursday based on a complaint given by darsagah-e-jehad-eshahadat (djs).
moghapura police said djs secretary salauddin affan , alleged that ravishankarprasad made a provocative statement against muslim community with an intention to hurt feelings.
a case was registered under 295a (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings of any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs) of ipc, r devender, moghalpura inspector told toi.
at saidabad police station, another complaint was lodged against ravishankarprasad on the same issue by one syed faiyazuddin , but police clarified that no case was registered as they are seeking legal opinion.
riding a cycle on a city road and reaching the destination safely is not less than winning a war, said dr revathi hariharan , a 60-year-old resident of vadavalli and a cyclist.
she rides her cycle to the clinic and pedals for at least 50km every day.
narrating a harrowing experience, she said she was returning from her clinic when a bus took a sharp turn in the vadavalli area to avoid a pothole, not noticing that she was cycling on the extreme left side of the road.
i miraculously escaped that day, she said.
there is no respect for cyclists by other vehicle users and the infrastructure needs to be improved if they want the bicycle sharing system to be useful.
the roads are not user-friendly for cyclists, she said.
while patrons for the bicycle sharing system seem to be increasing by the day, lack of exclusive cycle tracks and safety on the road has made residents avoid cycles during peak hours.
with limited space on the roads even for pedestrians, riding cycles may not be practical.
civic activists said that only if there are cycle tracks people will use the system better.
people are willing to use the bicycle sharing system.
but the safety aspect worries the residents, said a corporation engineer who added that while riding cycles buses and cars sped past perilously close to the riders.
several exclusive cycle tracks will come up under the smart city project around the city lakes.
these will have connectivity with inner roads in the areas around the lake, said an engineer.
ravi shankar, a civic activist, said that without safety assurance, this launch will not be a successful one.
in other countries where this was launched, cyclists were allowed to ride on pavements and separate cycle tracks.
but in coimbatore, all the pavements are also blocked by vendors.
the corporation has to come up with roads and locations that can be exclusively used by cyclists.
corporation commissioner k vijayakarthikeyan said they would assess the usage and take appropriate steps to improve infrastructure.
this story is from december 7, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: accusing bjp leaders of backing a string of fraudsters, congress said prime minister narendra modi should sack his senior ministers and party colleagues who have regularly fought in courts for fugitives and financial offenders facing law.
the strong counter attack against the ruling party came in the wake of bjp making an issue of a lawyer with congress links arguing the case of agustawestland accused christian michel.
aicc spokesman jaiveer shergill said, if bjp is linking congress with michel on the basis of a lawyer, they should answer on finance minister arun jaitley 's family members taking fees from mehul choksi-nirav modi, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad representing subrata roy and rajasthan chief minister vasundhara raje giving an affidavit in favour of fugitive lalit modi in london.
shergill said jaitley had also represented stock scam accused ketan parekh and union carbide blamed for the bhopal gas tragedy in which over 3,500 persons died.
bjp is a one stop shop which provides full service to scamsters and fraudsters by acting as their adviser, lawyer, boarding pass agents, ticket agents, and police protection agents, he added.
congress claimed it considered representing michel as indiscipline which was the reason for expelling aljo joseph from youth congress.
it is indiscipline because congress was the complainant and the prosecutor against agusta westland and played the lead part in exposing the corruption, shergill said.
slamming pm modi for acting holier than thou in agusta case, shergill said upa opened the case in agusta deal and blacklisted the firm while recovering more money than was paid to the company.
in contrast, he said the modi government watched quietly while the italian courts twice ruled that there was no case of corruption in the deal.
shergill asked why has the modi government not filed an appeal in the higher courts in italy against the exoneration by lower courts of the country.
this story is from january 11, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
lucknow: bahujan samaj party rajya sabha mp satish chandra mishra has asserted that his party supremo mayawati was among the first to seek reservation for economically poor among the general class, but demanded that the original 50  quota for obcs and sc/sts must be expanded as well.
mishra also took a swipe at the union ministers saying that the move on 10  quota came in a haste, following the meeting of two national party presidents in delhi, dropping a broad hint that the decision was an afterthought by the bjp amid the fear of a possible coalition between bsp and sp in up ahead of 2019 lok sabha elections.
our national president (mayawati) has maintained it for long that swarna jaati (economically poor among general class) be given reservation.
she has said this on the floor of parliament and outside.
so we are in the support of the bill, mishra said in rajya sabha on wednesday while taking a dig at union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad and his cabinet colleagues.
he asked, why cant the centre or you declare the quota system of 50  based on population and economic progress?
if you can bring this 124th constitutional amendment then you can also increase the original 50  quota with amendment.
and if your seriousness was to be gauged where is the reservation in promotion bill?
he also accused union ministers ravishankarprasad and thawar chand gehlot of misleading the country by neither clarifying the formula and criteria to seek benefits under this 10  quota.
you have disguised the conditions and left it to the states to decide.
when its you who must clear it, he said.
he also sought a separate quota for the minority, saying the government is deliberately clubbing every category and caste in the 10  quota and trying to get a poll advantage by saying that the quota was meant for upper class.
you even mentioned this will cover gujars.
now gujjars are already a backward class.
are you now depriving them of any benefit by shifting them to general category, he said.
new delhi: before the fivemember collegium headed by cji dipak misra meets on wednesday to decide on uttarakhand chief justice km josephs appointment as supreme court judge, a retired district judge has moved the apex court with a pil seeking a direction to the union government to immediately appoint justice joseph as an sc judge.
the petitioner, retired district judge g d inamdar, said the centres decision to return the collegiums recommendation on justice joseph smacked of political interference in the working of the judiciary and appeared to be a brazen intrusion into independence of judiciary.
on wednesday, the collegium comprising cji misra and justices j chelameswar, ranjan gogoi, madan b lokur and kurian joseph will consider the six-page letter written by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad listing the reasons behind the centres decision to seek reconsideration of the proposal to appoint justice k m joseph as a supreme court judge.
however, till late at night, the cji had not intimated the other collegium members about the meeting.
with retired judges and senior advocates pitching for justice k m josephs appointment and sitting sc judge kurian joseph informing the media that the collegium was likely to reiterate the uttarakhand cjs name, justice k m josephs appointment could happen sooner than later.
the centre had cited that justice joseph was 42nd in the list of all-india seniority of hc judges and adequate representation of kerala hc in the sc as reasons for sending back the proposal.
in his petition, inamdar said the seniority ground was a smokescreen, when the two judgment of the sc which devised the collegium system and laid down the process of selection, had said merit and integrity would be the prime considerations for selection along with seniority.
this story is from october 29, 2018congress mp shashi tharoorrss, too, frustrated with modi: tharoordownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
bengaluru: congress mp shashi tharoor stoked a controversy on sunday by recalling an rss leaders quote on narendra modi in a 2012 magazine article  a scorpion is sitting on a shivaling.
you cannot remove him with your hand and you cannot hit him with a chappal either.
there is a striking metaphor that an unnamed source in the rss told journalist vinod jose (in 2012), shashi tharoor said at a literary festival, citing the quote.
removing him with your hand would mean you would end up getting stung.
hitting the shivaling with a chappal would raise questions on the spiritual tenets you have been practising for years.
that they let it be with modi is an illustration of the complex dynamic that exists between the hindutva movement and the moditva expression of it.
speaking at a literature festival here, tharoor described pm modi as an individualist whose behaviour frustrated rss members too.
union minister and bjp leader ravishankarprasad prasad alleged that tharoor had disrespected lord shiva and sought apology from congress president rahul gandhi.
tharoor, in a tweet, said shivaling quote was not his, and it had been in the public domain for six years.
he added that his book cites and footnotes the article published in 2012.
at the festival, tharoor was to read excerpts from his latest book, the paradoxical prime minister.
recalling that he had backed modi in 2014, the mp said, i was criticised in 2014 for having given the pm the benefit of doubt in the sense that i welcomed some of the statements he gave after his election, particularly in the first week.
he appeared conciliatory, inclusive and in terms of sabka saath sabka vikas, he was going to be pm for all indians.
.
.
but the disenchantment didnt take too long to set in.
tharoor then proceeded to elaborate on the various ways in which the government had failed to deliver on its promises.
minimum government, maximum governance was modis slogan but in the last four-and-a-half years, what we have seen is the most centralised government, with a tremendous concentration of power in the pmo.
previously empowered ministers and secretaries have to defer to modi and his team, tharoor said.
in his concluding remarks, tharoor felt the 2019 elections would be crucial for the future of the country.
recalling his metaphor of india being a thaali and not a khichdi, he said, weve a regime that wants to kick off a few dishes (from the thaali) and make us into some bland hindutva khichdi.
which is why i think modi and his india need to be stopped.
(bccl/ ajay kumar gautam)(bccl/ ajay kumar gautam)(bccl/ ajay kumar gautam)(bccl/ ajay kumar gautam)(bccl/ ajay kumar gautam)and ghulam nabi azad (bccl/ ajay kumar gautam)and bhupinder singh hooda (bccl/ ajay kumar gautam)and kapil sibal (bccl/ ajay kumar gautam)and sharad yadav (bccl/ ajay kumar gautam)and dr naresh trehan (bccl/ ajay kumar gautam).
.
.
but this one shouldn't cause any drama in election season - it was congress leader satish sharma 's nephew's wedding with mp vivek tankha 's daughter.
they may be battling on the political frontlines in gujarat these days, but for one evening at least, party lines were blurred for the top politicians of the country in delhi.
the occasion was the wedding reception of rajya sabha mp vivek tankha's daughter vasundhara and shiv, the nephew of veteran congress leader satish sharma.
the dinner, held at a city hotel, was attended by some of the biggest names in indian political circles.
former prime minister manmohan singh was one of the first guests to arrive, closely followed by delhi cm arvind kejriwal and former vice president hamid ansari keeping an eye?
arun jaitley and rajeev shuklaall smiles: hamid ansari and ravishankarprasad prasadamong the other high-profile guests were army chief general bipin rawat, finance minister arun jaitley, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, lok sabha speaker sumitra mahajan and prominent congress leaders like p chidambaram, salman khurshid , kapil sibal, mani shankar aiyar, ghulam nabi azad, kamal nath and bhupinder singh hooda.
rajya sabha mps karan singh and derek obrien, industrialist gautam adani and noted cardiac surgeon dr naresh trehan were also present.
anything else you want to say, mani?
mani shankar aiyar and salman khurshid debate a pointwith so many politicos in the house, could the discussions be anything but politics?
however, most were quick to point out that during an evening of celebration, they were willing to forget the ongoing elections for a while.
electoral battles can wait one evening.
this is a celebration, said one senior politician.
this story is from february 11, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: gearing up for the ensuing lok sabha elections, union ministers and senior leaders of the bjp will descend on tamil nadu to expand the partys support base and devise strategies to make inroads into dravidian land.
from bjp president amit shah to senior minister nitin gadkari and chief minister of up yogi adityanath, the leaders will interact with party functionaries and address public meetings.
they will meet like-minded people, representatives and influential persons from different spectrum of society to garner support for the party and help it put up a good show in the forthcoming elections.
tamil nadu has always proved a tough poll terrain for the bjp.
it was under atal behari vajpayees reign (1999-2004) that the party in alliance with aiadmk and dmk fared well.
the bjp has identified the dominant communities and deciding factors in each region and fixed meetings with various caste leaders.
shah would visit erode and ramanathapuram on february 14 and 22 respectively.
apart from interacting with the party functionaries, he would meet a handful of representatives from the fisher community from nagapattinam, sivaganga and ramnathapuram districts.
shah would meet the owners of textile and other industries from erode and surrounding districts.
it will help us to understand the needs and expectations of the industrialists and also give an opportunity to understand their perspective of our party, said bjp state secretary m puratchikavidasan.
citing prime minister narendra modis message to party functionaries to focus on first-time voters, who will play a crucial role in the poll outcome, leaders would also meet the members of the youth and the womens wing to boost their morale.
we are focusing on intermediate caste representatives (obc) following the partys announcement of 10  reservation.
we are hoping to capitalise on it, a state-level functionary in madurai region where union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad would interact with influential persons from the intermediate caste on february 15.
he will have a similar programme in vellore on february 14 and will meet industrialists from the leather sector and representative from msmes.
union minister of road transport and highways, shipping nitin gadkari would interact with the booth level workers from chennai south, chennai north, chennai central and sriperumbudur constituencies on february 15.
he will also interact with party sympathisers and intellectuals, said state vice-president b t arasa kumar.
he added that more than 10 national level leaders and union ministers would visit the state in the next two weeks to prepare the party workers for elections.
adityanath will be in kanyakumari on february 12 to interact with party's women wing and to meet leaders from fisher community from tuticorin and kanyakumari.
union minister smriti rani would meet party workers from cuddalore , chidambaram, kallakurichi and villupuram constituency on february 14.
this story is from november 27, 2018cji ranjan gogoi with union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad during the inaugural function of constitution day.
.
.
read more'country should salute sc'make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: separation of powers between the executive and the judiciary is enshrined in the basic structure of the constitution and the laxman rekha has to be appreciated by everyone, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said on monday while speaking at a gathering of the higher judiciary, which included the cji and supreme court judges.
prasad said there may be temptations but this should not lead to taking over of power of other wings.
yes, i understand the temptation but taking over of power would lead to a larger narrative, he said.
separation of power is also a basic structure.
and when we talk of basic structure, that is what has emanated from the 12 sc judges.
if that is the norm, then i think the lakshman rekha has to be appreciated by everyone, prasad said.
the minister reminded judges that governance was a highly complicated exercise and there was a need to reflect within as to how far the judiciary needed to go.
he also expressed reservation on the sc rejecting the constitutional amendment to set up a national judicial appointments commission.
inaugurating the constitution day celebration, president ram nath kovind said the constitution formalised segregation of powers between the judiciary, the executive and the legislature.
prasad called for a centralised recruitment system for the subordinate judiciary on the lines of the civil services exam where adequate representation of marginalised sections was ensured through application of reservation.
prasad also praised the scs role in upholding rule of law over the years.
he said that the country should salute the institution.
this story is from january 7, 2019(representative image)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: bjp national general secretary and incharge of bihar affairs, bhupender yadav, on sunday asked the partys rank and file to contact all the 56 lakh members by march as build-up to the parliamentary elections.
yadav also said this mass drive to reach out all the party members would also help in ensuring the victory of nda candidates in all the 40 parliamentary constituencies in the state.
it, in turn, would also ensure the return of pm narendra modi to power, he added.
yadav was addressing a meeting of the partys lok sabha vistaraks (party extension incharges), lok sabha incharges and the partys district presidents.
he has recently been made the states election incharge with the responsibility to gear up the organizational structure down to the grassroots level.
incidentally, the party has nominated vistaraks at the grassroots to reach out to prominent people in their respective jurisdictions to align them with the party.
their activities are monitored from the state headquarters.
giving the time frame to the partys rank and files, yadav also said it should be completed before the election commission introduces the model code of conduct with regard to the parliamentary elections.
for the mechanism to be adopted for the member outreach programme, teams of state and district functionaries would coordinate with the members of the block and booth-level committees, as well as members of the shakti kendras established by coupling two to three panchayats.
during the mass outreach programme to access the members of the party, bjp workers and functionaries would apprise them of the achievements made by the centre under the leadership of pm modi.
if required, leaflets would also be distributed among them.
three from state bjp in manifesto committee: bjp on sunday included three senior leaders from bihar  deputy cm sushil kumar modi , union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and former union minister sanjay paswan (mlc)  in the committee constituted to prepare the partys manifesto for the coming parliamentary elections, a state bjp functionary said from delhi.
this story is from december 22, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: finance minister arun jaitley hit out at congress, accusing it of playing with india's security after the opposition party claimed that the centre's designation of 10 agencies for interception of computers was an act of a snoop state.
jaitley said the rules for interception were formulated under upa in 2009 and the december 20 notification by the home ministry authorising agencies to intercept was in keeping with the same rules and had, in fact, made it more specific and reduced the scope of abuse.
congress is making a mountain where there's not even a molehill, jaitley said.
rajya sabha had to be adjourned for the day as opposition mps continued to raise slogans against what they described as efforts to turn india into a surveillance state .
after congress mp anand sharma raised the issue, jaitley said it would have been better if the opposition had obtained all information before making assertions.
when senior members from opposition raise an issue, every word spoken by them has precious value and therefore they must know the facts, he added.
jaitley said the rules under which agencies were authorised to intercept were framed in 2009 when the congress-led upa was in power.
the authorisation has been issued under the same rules.
since the act has been in place, these orders of authorisation are repeated, he said.
outside the house, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad strongly defended the move and said there was a need to track those plotting or involved in violence, online radicalisers and proscribed groups like maoists and terror groups.
he said the opposition's criticism was a textbook case of speaking without homework .
prasad said the it act, which has provisions for such interception, was brought by the upa and the centre had made it more accountable by naming designated agencies to carry out interception.
the upa had enacted the law.
we have made it accountable, he said.
congress should answer whether terrorism is a threat to the country or not, he said.
the decision to intercept anybody's computer can be invoked only in matters of national integrity and security, public order and friendly relations with other countries, he said .
patna: union law and information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said the centre would allot rs 3 crore for development of infrastructure at patna high court and other lower courts in the state capital.
addressing the centenary celebrations of advocates association of patna high court, prasad said of the rs 3 crore, the lawyers body would get rs 50 lakh to develop its library.
the barristers association and the lawyers association will get rs 25 lakh each for upgrading their libraries.
a sum of rs 1.
5 crore will be used for construction of modern buildings for high court lawyers.
the chief justice will have to earmark the land for it, prasad said.
the minister added a sum of rs 50 lakh would be released for building ultra-modern information centres on high court and patna civil court premises.
young lawyers should help the poor in getting justice, the minister said.
governor satya pal malik, who was the chief guest, too said the lawyers should help the poor for the betterment of the country.
in bihar , liquor smugglers are getting bail and poor drivers are being kept behind bars for transporting the consignment, he said.
here, people die but dont get justice.
jails are filled with the poor people.
the judges and lawyers should think on this for nations welfare, malik said.
patna high court chief justice rajendra menon said citizens have immense faith on judiciary and delivery of justice should be timely.
supreme court justice navin sinha urged president of advocates association yogesh chandra verma to initiate training programmes for budding lawyers.
additional solicitor general s d sanjay also spoke on the occasion.
this story is from february 16, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
madurai: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on friday said the bjp would form a strong alliance in tamil nadu for the upcoming lok sabha elections and the announcement to this effect would be made soon.
prasad arrived here on friday morning to participate in a series of meetings.
however, his meetings were later cancelled due to unavoidable reasons.
the bjp cancelled all political meetings on friday due to a suicide terror attack in jammu and kashmirs pulwama district on thursday which claimed the lives of 38 crpf jawans.
speaking to reporters at the airport here, the minister said the sacrifice of the crpf jawans would not go waste.
we will give a fitting reply to those who are responsible for the attack, he said.
prime minister narendra modis government had implemented many schemes in tamil nadu.
as many as 10 crore toilets have been constructed throughout the country under the swachh bharath mission of which 52 lakh are constructed in tamil nadu.
many people from the state had also benefited from the mudra loan scheme, he said.
the minister said that the congress alliance was an opportunistic front, which had not decided who its leader was.
he expressed confidence that the bjp would win 300 lok sabha seats on its own and capture 350 along with its allies in the ensuing elections.
meanwhile, some community leaders met the minister at a hotel in madurai, and made their representations.
earlier, he visited the sri meenakshi sundareswarar temple upon his arrival.
but, signboards were put up at the meeting venues saying that they have been cancelled.
the minister left for new delhi ahead of schedule on friday afternoon.
later in the evening, bjp cadres paid homage to the crpf jawans at othakadai, where it was earlier planned to conduct the ministers meeting.
this story is from november 18, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the centre appointed 34 judges to six high courts on saturday taking the tally of appointments this year to more than 100, with allahabad hc getting 28 judges in one stroke and a tribal from arunachal becoming the first from the community to be appointed as a hc judge.
of the 28 judges appointed for allahabad hc, 15 were lawyers and 13 judicial officers.
two lawyers were appointed as judges in gauhati high court, one of whom became the first from a tribal community of arunachal.
gauhati hc has a separate arunachal pradesh bench.
the appointments also included a judge each to the high courts of meghalaya , delhi, orissa and madras.
the allahabad hc with a sanctioned strength of 160 judges, had only 89 judges and with the appointment of 28 more, the number would be 117.
other hcs with large vacancies are - telangana and ap hc (61 sanctioned streng-th but with nearly 50  vacancies); delhi hc (60 sanctioned strength with nearly 45  vacancy); and calcutta hc (72 sanctioned strength with over 50  vacancies).
over 43 lakh cases are pending.
saturday's appointments were in sync with the trend set for three consecutive years by the nda government after almost zero appointments in 2015 because of the executive-judiciary face-off over national judicial appointments commission.
with the centre sulking over a five-judge constitution bench striking down njac, which was unanimously passed by parliament and ratified by 20 states, appointment of judges came to a trickle in 2015 and the hcs faced vacancy of over 40  of the sanctioned strength.
since then, appointments have picked up despite embers of the conflict impeding the process.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had in 2016 claimed that the nda government had set a record of highest appointment of judges to the hcs as their numbers touched 126 that year.
in 2017, the centre had processed the sc collegium's recommendations and appointed 117 as hc judges.
in contrast, the number of judges appointed to hcs every year since 1989 till 2014 hovered between 75 and 89.
if vacancies in the hcs had crossed 40  of the sanctioned strength in 2016, it has now come down below 25 .
the gap in appointment of high court judges in 2015 started after a five-judge sc bench struck down the njac but admitted that the collegium method of selecting persons for appointment as judges to constitutional courts required infusion of transparency.
it had in december 2015 asked the centre to firm up a memorandum of procedure for streamlining appointment of judges, power for which was snatched from the executive by the judiciary through two judgements of constitutional benches in the 1990s.
till date, the mop has not been finalised, despite three chief justices of india retiring since 2015 .
mysuru: bemoaning the failure of music universities across the country to produce great artistes, sarod maestro rajeev taranath on tuesday said, music varsities have not produced musicians and the teaching faculty who draw huge salaries appear to have very little ability.
taranath, who was conferred the nadoja award by the kannada university at his home in vijayanagar on tuesday, lamented that nobody appeared keen to save indias rich culture and heritage.
nothing is being done to save music, he added.
questioning teachers at music universities, who he claimed took home monthly salaries of up to rs 2 lakh, the maestro said, what is their contribution to the field?
are they able to create musicians?
no.
taranath pointed to the need to save indian music and culture.
much needs to be done to save music.
nobody is immortal.
there is too much focus on money, and education has been commercialised, he added.
lamenting the commitment by stakeholders to save indias rich musical legacy, he said, india has produced such great musicians.
stalwarts such as ravishankarprasad , and ali akbar khan sahib have all disappeared.
taranath said that he was pinning his hopes on kannada university to produce a great musician.
kannada university has given me everything.
i would be elated to see a musician come out of the university, he added.
this story is from november 9, 2018download the times of india news app for latest cityhyderabad: the simmering discontentment among advocates practising at the hyderabad high court over non-filling of hc judge posts under the advocates quota, known as bar quota, and at the same time filling them through the bench quota, which is by promoting district judges as hc judges, has now come to the fore.
the ap and t hc advocates associations came together and held an extraordinary general body meeting a few days ago and passed unanimous resolutions urging union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad not to accept the recently sent panel of seven names of district judges for being elevated as judges of hc.
the presidents of these two associations, c damodar reddy telangana ) and kb ramanna dora (ap), have urged prasad not to take up any promotion work of district judges as the two subordinate judiciaries are set for division and judicial officers in both states are likely to be divided in the near future in view of the impending bifurcation of the common high court.
they contended that, in fact, the judge posts of hc should be filled with advocates and district judges on a 2:1 ratio.
now, the ratio is reversed and the hc is getting filled only with district judges.
for various reasons, the work of elevating advocates as hc judges is either getting hampered or is not taken up at all, they said.
as the proportion of the bench has become disproportionately high, the same shall be stalled till the bar quota is filled adequately, they said.
taking classical art forms to the youth 01:23in an attempt to create awareness about indias heritage, the ministry of tourism and spic macay brought together some of the foremost artists of classical music, dance and folk forms at the classical heritage series 2018.
performances were held on weekends at new delhi, banaras and kochi.
vipin sondhi (l) and alphons kannanthanam the delhi leg of the series, which started on march 10 at the red fort saw performances by sitarist ustad shahid parvez and hindustani vocalist vid ashwini bhide deshpande.
the warsi brothers, parvathy baul performed on march 11.
while on march 17, violinist dr l subramaniam, mridangam player dr umayalpuram k sivaraman and santoor player pt shiv kumar sharma gave soulful performances at humayuns tomb.
pt shiv kumar sharmakiran seth, founder spic macayunion minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who was present at the event on saturday, said, the organisation has inculcated a great sense of involvement among youngsters in terms of classical music.
i am happy that the ministry of tourism is also getting involved in it.
also, the kind of exposure that they are giving to young people, in terms of working closely with the masters, is profound.
the last of the series is being held at assi ghat in banaras on march 24 and 25.
accused the latter of colluding with pakistan.
+allegedly spreading falsehood and canards +#delhi prime minister narendra modi meets former pm manmohan singh at the parliament.
https://t.
co/pzeidmoe69  ani (@ani) 1513143425000delhi: congress president-elect rahul gandhi, union minister ravishankarprasad prasad and eam sushma swaraj at the parli https://t.
co/5mm0w1iefz  ani (@ani) 1513143568000new delhi: in what must have been an awkward interaction, prime minister narendra modi and former pm manmohan singh met and shook hands outside parliament today, three days after the formerafter modi on sunday accused congress leaders - including singh - of having a secret meeting with a former pakistan minister and diplomats to ensure a bjp loss in gujarat, singh replied uncharacteristically sharply.
he lashed out at pm modi forto score political points in a lost cause.
the two leaders met outside parliament as they made their way into the house to pay tribute to the people who lost their lives in the 2001 parliament attack.
congress president-elect rahul gandhi, who has been engaged in an often fierce battle of wits with bjp leaders over the gujarat election, was also present at parliament and appeared to share some lighthearted moments with union ministers sushma swaraj and ravishankarprasad prasad.
at a rally on sunday, pm modi had alleged that the three-hour secret meeting was attended by pakistan's high commissioner, its former foreign minister, former pm singh, and former vice-president hamid ansari .
he had further charged that the congress and certain entities in pakistan may be working together to prevent the bjp from winning gujarat.
singh later demanded that modi apologise for his ill thought transgression.
my track record of public service to the country over last five decades is known to everyone.
no one, including sh.
modi, can lamely question it to gain lost political ground, the former pm wrote in a statement that was released to the press.
he rejected the allegations, saying that he had not discussed the gujarat elections with anyone else present at the dinner.
instead, the discussion was confined to india-pakistan relations, he said.
singh added that the congress needs no sermons on nationalism from a party and prime minister, whose compromised track record on fighting terrorism is well known.
this story is from november 19, 2018out of tunedownload the times of india news app for latest citybengaluru: indian classical musician shubhendra rao treasured his sitar like a prized possession, which he used to take care of like a child.
when he recently embarked on a journey from sidney to delhi, he did take all the possible precautions  kept the instrument in an unbreakable fibre glass box and wrapped it using a rexin cover with thin padding.
but when he got the baggage back, he was in for a rude shock.
the sitar was broken badly and was in an unrepairable condition.
rao, 53, from bengaluru currently lives in new delhi and is a disciple of pandit ravi shankar.
on september 24, rao travelled by an australian airlines flight from sidney to delhi via bangkok.
the last segment of the flight from bangkok to new delhi was on jet airways, which damaged his sitar, he alleges.
he compares the loss of the instrument to that of his third hand.
i had taken care of it like my own child so far.
is it not the responsibility of the airlines to ensure that its given back properly?
if treated well, it wouldnt have been damaged but when theres vandalism involved, nothing can save the fragile instrument, says rao.
when he contacted australian airlines, he was asked to contact the second airline for queries.
however, jet airways said no compensation could be paid.
all fragile baggage accepted on board are tagged with a limited release tag, which indicates that the airline has no liability in the event of damage to the article.
the article is not accepted till the guest signs on the tag, which you did, jet airways told rao on september 28, a copy of which is with toi.
however, rao wrote back to the airways stating that he did not sign on the tag, as mentioned.
in his online petition filed on change.org on november 14, rao also questioned the limited release form that airlines make artistes sign to evade responsibility for any damage to instruments.
the airline industry must change the limited release rule in the case of musical instruments.
im neither the first person nor the last who will suffer at the hands of airlines, he said and urged artistes to stand up together to fight for a common cause.
the cost of making a new sitar with in-built microphone would cost no less than rs 1.
8 lakh, as per the estimated bill he has produced before the airlines.
rao is also thinking of approaching the consumer rights forum.
ghaziabad: iron bars jutting out of a tractor-trolley smashed through the windshield of a pickup van coming from behind and decapitated a father-son duo sitting in the drivers cabin when the vehicle ahead slammed the brakes suddenly on nh-24 on friday morning.
two of three persons sitting in the cargo area of the pickup van were injured in the collision, which took place around 6.
30am.
sources said a police sub-inspector who had taken a lift in the pickup truck and was sitting in the cargo area also suffered minor injuries but walked away as people started gathering.
an fir lodged by one of the occupants of the pickup truck said the tractor-trolley was being driven rashly and the driver had slammed the brakes suddenly after overtaking a vehicle near royal college in ghaziabad.
ravi shankar, who was driving the pickup van, also applied the brakes, but the mini truck had rammed the tractor by then.
a cluster of rectangular iron bars that were protruding out of the tractor-trolley smashed through the windscreen of the pickup van and hit ravishankarprasad and his son ganpat in the face and chest.
police said the pickup van was on its way to nainital from moti bagh in delhi.
it was ferrying five daily-wage labourers who were going to nainital to carry out markings on roads.
all five are from jaipur.
while ravishankarprasad and his son ganpat died on the spot, ramphool and leelaram, who were sitting in the cargo area, suffered minor injuries and were released from hospital after first-aid.
the sub-inspector who had hitched a ride was injured in the right arm.
jitendra, the fifth labourer in the pickup van, filed a police complaint against the tractor driver.
he was speeding and driving rashly.
as we were passing royal college, the tractor driver tried to overtake another vehicle, swerved to the right and applied the brakes suddenly.
ravi shankar, too, slammed the brakes, but it was too late by then.
the iron bars hit him and his son in the face and chest.
they died on the spot, he said.
the tractor driver fled the spot after the accident.
an fir has been registered against an unknown person under sections 279 (rash driving) and 304 a (causing death by negligence) of the ipc.
efforts are on to nab the accused driver, said aparna gautam, the sho of masuri police station.
commercial vehicles are not allowed to ferry pipes and rods that exceed the limit of the vehicle.
in 2014, the road transport ministry had deleted section 93 of the central motor vehicles rules, 1989, which allowed goods vehicles to transport poles, rods or indivisible load as long as the projecting part or parts did not exceed the distance of one metre beyond the rear most point of the vehicle.
new delhi: with the bjp putting up an impressive performance in the north east, party president amit shah received a rousing welcome by party mps and ministers when he arrived in the rajya sabha on monday.
wearing a tangkhul naga haora muffler, shah walked in when hishey lachungpa of the sikkim democratic front was taking oath after being re-elected to the upper house.
as he walked towards his allocated seat, bjp members and ministers began thumping their desks.
some even rose from their seats to welcome shah.
while the bjp trounced the cpm to win the tripura assembly polls, it is in alliance with local parties which won elections in meghalaya and nagaland.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad and some others in the ruling dispensation too where sporting the traditional naga muffler.
shah was seated in his chair by the time lachungpa finished taking oath in hindi and signed off with jai hind.
members also thumped their desk to welcome lachungpa.
panaji: curchorem mla nilesh cabral said on tuesday that coal minister piyush goyal apologised for his statement on the goa mining issue turning into another coalgate, after they thoroughly briefed him on the issue.
goyal had told the all-party delegation in no uncertain terms that the state government would have to auction iron ore mine leases.
cabral told reporters that after hearing them out, goyal was convinced and he assured us to take up the matter.
he (goyal) apologised for his statement.
the curchorem mla said that the all-party delegation went to delhi not to protect the interest of mines owners, but to protect the economic activities of the state so that mining operations can continue after march 15.
mining belt mlas had demanded that if the central government cannot amend the goa daman and diu mining concession (abolition and declaration as mining leases) act, 1987, so that leases can continue to operate after march 15, then they should bring in an ordinance on the lines of jallikattu to continue mining activities for at least four year till the mines in goa are auctioned.
he added that the all-party delegation will once again leave for delhi on march 9 to meet finance minister arun jaitley , mines minister narendra tomar and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad.
if possible, we will meet the prime minister, he added.
mining belt mlas also urged congress to get in touch with their high command to convince them to support the goa mining issue.
congress should contact its president and leader of opposition in lok sabha rahul gandhi and seek support for mining in goa, cabral said.
the mlas said that if mining comes to a halt on march 15, it would adversely affect people of goa.
cabral said they will urge the government to take a cabinet decision to solve the mining issues and forward the decision to the union government.
we will meet the governor and ask her to take up the mining issue with the union government to come out with a solution, cabral said.
patna: the cool calculations and accompanying scramble by the four major political parties to muster mlas support to send their nominees to the rajya sabha has begun, as the election commission issued the notification on monday for the filing of nomination papers in the biennial election to the six seats from the state falling vacant early next month.
while the last date for the filing of nomination papers is march 12, with march 15 for the withdrawal of names, the election would be held on march 23 on the premises of the state assembly whose secretary ramshreshth rai has been made the election officer.
of the six seats falling vacant on april 2, the four belong to the jd(u) and two to the bjp.
from the bjp side, the two seats held are by union ministers ravishankarprasad prasad and dharmendra pradhan.
as to the jd(u), the seat held by ali anwar fell vacant a couple of months ago after rajya sabha chairman m venkaiah naidu disqualified his membership on the jd(u) plea.
the three other jd(u) members are the partys state president bashishtha narayan singh, mahendra prasad alias king mahendra, and anil sahni however, the relative position of the four major political parties  rjd, jd(u), bjp and congress  in the state assembly has left them in a tizzy.
in a 243-member house, its effective strength on the date of issuance of the ec notification is 240, which would count during voting.
the rjd has 79 mlas, jd(u) 70, bjp 52 and the congress 27.
among the smaller parties, the cpi((ml) has three members, the lok janshakti party (ljp) and rashtriya lok samata party (rlsp) two each, hindustani awam morcha (secular) one, apart from four independents.
a rajya sabha nominee will require 35 votes to win the election.
in a consensual situation, the share of the rajya sabha seats of jd(u) and bjp would be halved, with two going to the jd(u) and one to the bjp, while of the remaining three, two would go to the rjd and one to the congress.
however, the entry of the seventh candidate in the fray would force election, leading to subterranean moves to muster support of the mlas even by horse trading, which is a situation that cm nitish kumar might like to avoid, observers felt.
otherwise, for the sixth seat, congress with 27 mlas could win it with nine surplus votes from the rjd and cpi(ml) support.
on the other hand, bjp having 17 surplus votes of its own, one of jd(u), four of rlsp and ljp and four independent mlas would have to make strenuous efforts to poach on the congress mlas to sail through.
at present, the congress is a confused house which has led the bjp to fancy its chances for the second seat.
new delhi: for the first time after supreme courts landmark verdict on delhis administration, chief justice of india , dipak misra, will share the stage on wednesday with chief minister arvind kejriwal and lieutenant governor anil baijal the occasion is the inauguration of a new court building in the delhi high court complex, taking the infrastructure level of the court closer to its sanctioned judge strength of 60.
though officials were tightlipped about the final cost of the building, sources said it was around rs 100 crores, when questioned.
apart from the three dignitaries, the event to mark the inauguration of the building will also see union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad, sc judges madan b lokur, a k sikri, n v ramana and sanjay kishan kaul as guests of honour.
the new building accommodates 15 courtrooms across four floors and has nine registrar courtrooms on the ground floor.
with the new building, delhi hc complex will now have 50 rooms for judges, while having facilities for litigants and lawyers alike including escalators, discussion rooms for the bar members and waiting room for litigants.
the court building has certain unique features.
in keeping with the need to create a stress-free experience for litigants, public spaces at the ground level are generous, with a high ceiling and filled with adequate seating and proper signages information using video walls, a release by the hc administration said.
the building has also been designed to cater to the needs of differently abled litigants and lawyers and has provision for tactile flooring along with specially designed toilets for differently abled people.
courtrooms occupy up to 50  more space than those in older blocks of hc.
they include large screens on the side wall panels, two speaking lecterns for counsels and two tables for their battery of lawyers, all provided with power points and input cables to upload content on the screens.
judges and judicial staff also have computers, the release said.
this story is from december 29, 2018file photo used for representative purposemake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: in what is seen as a stepped up effort to crack down on child abuse, the union cabinet on friday approved a set of changes in the law that will make aggravated penetrative sexual assaults during communal and sectarian violence or in the midst or aftermath of a natural calamity punishable with minimum of 20 years extending upto life imprisonment or even death.
the amendments to the protection of children from sexual offences act, 2012, set out a minimum 20 years imprisonment for aggravated penetrative sexual assault which includes assault on a child below 12 years.
the significance in the changes adopted by the cabinet lies in list of crime situations that fall in this category is that it will, in a first, include a person who takes advantage of a child in a situation of natural calamity to commit an sexual assault or causes the death of the victim.
going by the existing list under this provision, the enhanced punishment will apply to crimes committed on a child in communal and sectarian violence, an assault that leaves a child physically incapacitated, mentally ill, affected by hiv , disabled or pregnant.
and the punishment may extend to life and even death penalty.
the amendments, piloted by the wcd ministry, will now need to go to parliament to become law.
aggravated penetrative sexual assaults as of now invite a punishment of not less than 10 years that may extend to life along with fine.
the enhanced punishment will also apply to any police officer who commits penetrative sexual assault on a child in police station premises, in the course of his duty or otherwise.
as per the law members of the armed forces, security forces, public servants and management and staff of jails, remand homes and protection homes guilty of such crimes will be up for the enhanced punishment.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said the amendments are required to deter the rising trend of child sex abuse in the country.
on why natural calamity situations have been included, the government has argued that children are often the worst affected by disasters.
it is pointed that in the three months following the earthquake in nepal in 2015, 513 children and women at the risk of being trafficked were intercepted.
there were also reports of rape of young girls including a kedarnath deluge survivor.
to check sexual exploitation, administration of hormones to a child to induce sexual maturity to enable sexual activity has been included in the separate aggravated sexual assault category which will invite a jail term upto three years and fine.
possession and circulation of pornographic material involving a child for commericial purpose will invite not less than three years in jail that may extend to five and can go up to seven years if convicted the second time.
in the backdrop of a spate of cases of sexual abuse emanating from children homes the aggravated sexual assault cateogry is being amended.
the current provision calls for punishment for whoever on the management or on the staff of a jail, remand home commits sexual assault on a child.
this will now be amended to include or causes sexual assault by giving or receiving any payment or benefits to the child or to any other person exercising control over the childthe amendments approved by the cabinet will enable gender neutral implemention of the punishment provisions in line with the criminal law amendment act, 2013, that applies to rape crimes with upto death for cases involving a girl child below 12 years.
the changes were a fallout of a public outcry for stricter action after the kathua and unnao rape cases where the victims were minors.
the governments justification for a change in provision is that media reports and complaints have revealed that children are being subjected to various kinds of sexual abuse and exploitation by making payments to children themselves, parents or guardians, or other people in whose custody the child is kept.
in a recent judgement in the matter of apna ghar , a shelter home in haryana , the cbi judge found the woman, who ran the shelter home, her relatives and staff, guilty of such crimes.
new delhi: at a time when the safety of women and children has taken centre-stage across the country over growing incidences of crime, the government has mandated a panic switch across all public transport vehicles  taxis and buses  which when activated will alert the local police station about the vehicles coordinates by sounding an alarm and sending a live video feed.
trials have been conducted in certain locations and now the measure has been notified, ensuring that no taxi and public transport vehicle is registered without the system, which the it ministery developed iit, delhi.
the project is supported by the nirbhaya fund, which works towards the safety of women.
womens safety is a top priority for our government.
digitalisation has been a high-focus area for us and this will now be harnessed to ensure social security, including the safety of women and children, it and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad told toi.
the measure will not only provide panic switches in new vehicles, but will also need to be deployed in existing taxis and buses in a timebound manner.
the panic switch system, when invoked, will generate a loud alarm in the vehicle, and send its coordinates to a server (police control room) to ensure timely help.
the switch system has features like driver authentication, camera interface, tamperproof operation, and health monitoring of the switch, a government official said.
executives from the auto industry said all new vehicles meant for public transport will carry the system.
we are providing kits that need to be installed at the dealerships before the vehicle is registered, an official with a top companies said.
major taxi sellers such as maruti suzuki, hyundai and toyotahave already put in place measures to ensure the deployment of the panic switch and the allied infrastructure.
taxi aggregators,such as uber and ola,are also expected to mandate the measure for their fleet, especially getting them installed on their existing line-up.
currently, an estimated 15 lakh taxis are in operation across the country.
tata motors and ashok leyland are also understood to be working towards deploying the panic switch on their buses.
however, industry officials said the effectiveness of the system will come through adequate enforcement regarding their deployment bythe staff of the traffic police.
also, it needs to be ensured the it systems at the backend work efficiently and seamlessly to ensure there are no disruptions when the panic switch is deployed by someone in trouble, an official said, requesting anonymity.
the government is also working to sort out any interstate issues between the police network in case of moving vehicles.
these are operational and need to be worked to ensure seamless integration and functioning, the official said.
the ministry of road transport and highways  spearheaded by nitin gadkari  has also approved the measure.
this story is from january 10, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: countering the attack of the opposition that the government hastily brought the constitutional amendment bill for 10  quota for the economically weaker upper castes, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad said there was no scope for doubt as the constitution empowers parliament to make these amendments.
why is this doubt about the powers of this house?
he said citing article 368 of the constitution to reaffirm the powers conferred on parliament to bring amendments.
intervening in the debate in rajya sabha , prasad said the 10  quota will be applicable to jobs in both central and state governments.
he said the legislation gives powers to the states to decide on the economic criteria for defining the beneficiaries.
taking on the congress leaders who questioned the timing of the bill calling it a pre-poll gimmick, prasad said: we are being asked why now?
my answer if you (congress) did not get it in time and we are getting it late but at least we have the courage to do it.
he questioned why congress did not move on the quota issue in 2010, a year after the upa returned to power for the second time.
prasad warned the opposition that this was the first sixer and more sixers were yet to come.
when the polls happen people will for sure come out in support of nda, bjp and narendra modi.
patna: union law and information technology (it) minister ravishankarprasad prasad on saturday said 100 new business process outsourcing (bpo) centres would be opened at 100 common service centres (cscs) already operational in the state soon.
the minister, who launched the 10-day dr b r ambedkar birth anniversary celebrations at a city hotel, said a digital village would be opened in every district.
the government will also launch a special digital training programme for scheduled caste (sc) and scheduled tribe ( st ) communities, he said.
the 2.
91 lakh cscs in the country, manned by digitally trained village level entrepreneurs (vles), have provided employment opportunities to people under the digital india programme of the centre.
the vles also include women and people from sc and st communities.
the government has decided to give a cash reward of rs 1 lakh to the best performing vle from this year, the minister added.
prasad said 100 new bpos would be opened at cscs, especially in rural areas, under the centres pm gram digital saksharta abhiyan (pmgdisha) programme.
each bpo will accommodate five to 10 digitally trained women.
the aim is to empower women, sc and st groups through digital india programme, prasad said.
he added that apart from the existing bpos at patna, muzaffarpur and katihar , the new ones will be opened at samastipur, jehanabad and gaya the minister said altogether 22,613 cscs are operational in the state, including 14,213 in rural areas of the state.
vles, including digitally trained women, have been rendering services to people and also earning money, he added.
the programme was conducted by digitally trained dalit woman baijanti devi, a resident of bhusia village, 30km away from bodh gaya .
the audience included 300 dalit vles from across the state.
three bjp mlas  arun kumar sinha, nitin navin and sanjeev chaurasia  hailed baijanti in their speeches.
prasad said 1.
12 crore people have already been made digitally literate in the country under pmgdisha programme against the target of 6 crore people.
the trained people include 23 lakh scs and 1.
5 lakh sts.
in bihar , the number digitally trained people has touched 8.
02 lakh, including 2 lakh from sc and st groups.
the centre is implementing the digital india programme to fulfil the dream and vision of ambedkar, he added.
vadodara: union law minister ravishankarprasad prasad slammed senior congress leader mani shankar aiyer for his remarks on prime minister narendra modi.
aiyer, who was suspended by the party, had described modi as neech (low life)prasad said that a series of derogatory comments like chaiwala, maut ka saudagar and neech reflected the feudal mindset of the congress.
he added that those behind such comments believed that the rights to rule the country have been given by god to only one party.
only the nehru-gandhi family and not a poor person whose father used to sell tea can do so, he said.
prasad said that modi had asked the party workers not to be shaken by remarks and that people of gujarat would give a reply.
we are not shaken but pained.
what level has the congress stooped to?
, prasad added.
commenting on former pm manmohan singh calling demonetisation a disaster and that 99  cash had come back in banks, prasad said that the money now had a name and an address.
prasad said that the owner will have to explain from where did the cash come from and whether tax was paid on it.
asked about the patidar quota issue, prasad said that there were eight to nine supreme court judgements that clearly lay down that no reservation beyond 50 per cent is possible.
he said that the congress should make public the formula for patidar reservation and stop misleading the community.
prasad also slammed former law minister kapil sibal asking him to clarify as to who had told him to state in the supreme court that the ram janmabhoomi case should not be heard before the 2019 parliamentary elections.
prasad said that at the one end, rahul gandhi was showing his shiv bhakti even as their lawyer takes a different stance.
new delhi: in what could lead to a big political showdown, a large section of the opposition, including the left, congress , trinamool and ncp is set to oppose the provision to criminalise triple talaq or instant divorce among muslims in a bill that seeks to give teeth to a supreme court ruling and is to be introduced in the lok sabha on thursday.
the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, seeks to criminalise instant triple triple talaq and sets out compensation for victims and has drawn the opposition of several muslim organisations, including the all india muslim personal law board the government is firm about tabling the bill though there is a strong possibility it will be sent to a parliamentary panel for examination.
according to the list of business in ls, the bill is listed for introduction by law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on thursday.
prepared by an interministerial group, led by home minister rajnath singh, it makes instant triple talaq in any form  spoken, in writing or electronic such as email, sms and whatsapp  illegal and void and entails a jail term of three years for the husband.
the bill was prepared in the backdrop of the august 22 verdict of the sc striking down instant triple talaq as illegal.
the draft law was sent to states for their views on december 1 and they were asked to reply by december 10.
however, aimplb on sunday unanimously rejected the proposed bill, with its board secretary, maulana khalid saifullah rahmani, telling toi that the conservative body found the bill to be anti-women, and will formally write to the pm to review it in consultation with the board and senior clerics.
parties of all hues congress, ncp, and cpm  have also asserted their opposition on various counts.
while tmc has outrightly opposed the ban on instant talaq as well as the move to make it a cognizable offence, other parties like congress, ncp and the left have welcomed the sc ruling, but opposed the penal provisions of the proposed law.
congress has expressed its reservations about the same.
its spokesman abhishek singhvi had said the centre was using the sc judgment as an excuse to criminalise something that was till recently permissible under customary law.
while most parties have said they are still formulating their formal position on the legislation, cpm mp mohammed salim said criminal procedures were a concern and that the bill be referred to an all-party parliament committee where it can be debated and deliberaged upon further.
salim said when the sc has already banned instant talaq, there is no need for such a bill.
biju janata dal and ncp, too, have said they will oppose the penal provisions of the legislation.
pm modi has repeatedly advocated annulment of the practice as he has termed it a crime against women.
seen as a major tool towards women empowerment, the centre has firmly drafted the bill as bjp members have maintained that the move has been taken in compliance with the sc order criminalising the practice.
this story is from february 13, 2019(representative image)download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
hyderabad: its not just in the city where cardiovascular diseases take the maximum lives.
as per the preliminary understanding of state health departments special health survey, heart failure is the most common cause of death in telanaganas rural areas too.
whats worrying medical experts is the fact that heart ailments are affecting an increasing number of people.
it is estimated that around 18,000 to 20,000 new cases of heart failures are being reported in the state annually.
individual doctors see 50 to 60 cases each month.
as per the state health departments data, the largest chunk of funds spent on treatments under the aarogyasri scheme of the state government are on cardiovascular diseases.
the cost of treatment for various diseases under the states aarogyasri scheme in the financial year 2016-17 was ?
748 crores, of which a staggering ?
182 crores have been spent on cardiovascular operations and treatments.
among all cardiovascular diseases, heart failure is the primary killer with reduced capacity of the heart to pump blood causing most deaths.
while earlier the understanding was that in case of pef (preserved ejection fraction) which happens due to the reduced capacity to pump blood, the risk of heart failure was less but now we are seeing an increasing trend in heart failure due to pef in the city as well as the northern part of the state, said d a sai ravishankarprasad , senior consultant cardiologist and former general secretary, cardiology society of india, telangana the most common reason for this is hypertension .
but consumption of carbohydrates, including rice , wheat and refined sugar leads to an increased body mass index (bmi), which is one of the significant risk factors for cardiovascular diseases and leads to heart failure, shanker added.
telangana has the highest smoking and alcohol consumption among men which increases the risk of heart failure, other csi experts added.
while in cities, deaths due to heart diseases have come down due to availability of improved medical help, surgical interventions as well as organ transplantation, in village areas, once a person suffers from heart failure, there is usually a delay in recognising the signs and seeking medical attention.
in situations where heart failure (a part of the heart stops functioning) progresses to cardiac arrest (entire heart stops functioning), delays in transporting can mean increased fatalities.
the state health departments special health survey aims to look into the causes behind such deaths in the state.
the survey is meant to understand what are the diseases that are affecting people, said a senior official from the state health department.
as part of the survey, the anm (auxillary nurses and midwives) is collecting data from across districts.
the data will then be used to plan interventions.
locals and health authorities will be alerted about the interventions and a list of drugs will be kept ready at the primary health centres accordingly to bring down the number of deaths.
officials said that this is a long-awaited program because anms are available anywhere and it is necessary to find more causes behind each death.
a special software is currently being developed to register the details of deaths and it will soon be implemented across the state.
this story is from february 10, 2019prime minister narendra modidownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: hours before prime minister narendra modis visit to tirupur in tamil nadu to launch various schemes and to take part in a public meeting, hashtags like #gobackmodi and #tnwelcomesmodi started trending on twitter.
modi haters in tamil nadu and neighbouring andhra pradesh and karnataka are posting tweets using the hashtag #gobackmodi and #gobacksadistmodi.
two counter this, the bjp partys it wing in tamil nadu started posting tweets using hashtags like #tnwelcomesmodi and #dmkfails a day in advance to counter the campaign by some dravidian parties and their sympathisers.
the saffron partys hashtag touched around five lakh tweets and retweets till sunday morning.
however, the #gobackmodi has been trending since sunday morning as the tweets and retweets shoot north from a few thousands to over 2.
5 lakh within a couple of hours.
similarly, #gobacksadistmodi is second on the trending hashtag list.
ravi shankar @warne_19 tweeted, you cant do a godhra in tamil nadu #gobackmodi, while james henderson, replying to bjps youth wing functionary @suryahsg, tweeted: #gobackmodi is the real trend and the rest is created by the right wing it cell.
modi is not welcomed anywhere in tamil nadu.
janas chellathurai @janas_ja tweeted, #gobackmodi stating that you never supported us on gaja cyclone  methane, hydrocarbon so you are not welcomed here in tamil nadu.
this story is from january 2, 2019make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: the government plans to amend the it law to increase penalty on apps and websites that are unable to control fake news and child pornography .
amendments will include an extreme provision of taking down apps and websites in violation.
the move comes days after senior officials of the it ministry met representatives from top global social-media and internet companies and sought their views on proposed rules that would, among other things, help trace the origin of unlawful content.
this is one of the key areas of dispute between the government and companies.
we need accountability and power to heavily penalise the companies in case of violations, or refusal to cooperate, a senior government official told toi, on condition of anonymity.
the amendments could potentially impact the operations of popular services like whatsapp, facebook , google, twitter, telegram.
some of these services have had differences with the government over the issue of tracing origins of content that is fake, scope of encryption, content deemed interfering with politics and elections, spread of child abuse and revenge porn the government had last year carried out an exercise to determine whether blocking websites and apps was technically feasible, if telecom companies and internet service providers were asked to do so.
the issue is still being discussed.
even the penalties that we currently have under the it act are not sufficient and need to be revised.
many global companies have big turnover and relatively-small penalties may not be a sufficient deterrence.
we are taking a cue from the penalty proposals in the data protection bill, another government officer said.
the data protection bill, finalised by the government, proposes the maximum penalty at rs 15 crore or 4  of the worldwide turnover of the violator, whichever is higher.
cyberlaw experts say that there is very little in the it law to tackle the fake news phenomenon.
we do not have any law to take the companies to task on this issue.
they can be proceeded against only under the indian penal code provisions, and not as per the it act, says puneet bhasin, a cyber law expert.
we do require stricter laws and effective enforcement, including having data localisation, bhasin adds.
law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad had told the rajya sabha in july last year that rules are required to ensure that internet platforms do not become vehicles to commit crime, incite hatred, provoke terrorism, extremism and promote money laundering .
he also said the government was looking at regulating the services of foreign internet companies operating in india to make them accountable to indian laws and judiciary.
while section 69a of the it act gives powers to the government to order blocking of access to information that is detrimental to the sovereignty, security and friendly relations of the state, the government is considering whether there can be a total clampdown on the operations of an app or website in case of serious violations.
this story is from december 13, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citycalangute: though the tourism department has reappointed drishti marine to clear garbage from goas beaches, confusion continues to prevail at calangute , with the contractor earlier appointed by the tourism department clashing with the drishti-appointed contractor.
on monday, calangute sarpanch shawn martins and panchayat members stepped in to diffuse the situation after shack owners and other tourism stakeholders complained about garbage piling on the beach there are some problems between the contractor and labourers, which were trying to sort out, martins told toi.
tourism stakeholders said the mess could have been avoided.
the garbage contract termination/reallocation is a sham and has resulted in messing up our beach, said hotelier neville proenca.
business establishments, big or small, should be made responsible to maintain the cleanliness of their surroundings.
if not, it is high time we started imposing fines for the garbage littered outside their shops.
when contacted, tourism minister manohar azgaonkar said, since the director of tourism had not received reports from wards and supervisors that drishti had started cleaning beaches, the services of other contractors were not discontinued as a precautionary measure.
in all, 300 workers were demobilised on expiry of the contract.
in a phased manner, drishti has remobilised staff and has now taken full control of the 103-km beach stretch.
from the time of taking over to date, it has already cleared 50 tonnes of waste, segregated and transferred to the garbage treatment plant, shankar said, adding, from wednesday, drishti has taken over the cleaning of the backlog of garbage and will continue to maintain the cleanliness of beaches.
unlike before, the team is working in two shifts to ensure that tourists have a world class beach experience in goa.
new delhi: hours before the supreme court collegium met on wednesday to reconsider the elevation of uttarakhand chief justice k m joseph to the apex court, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad asserted that the government had the right to send back any proposal of the collegium for reconsideration.
prasad denied insinuations that the government was acting under influence and reiterated that its decision to send back justice josephs proposal for appointment to sc had nothing to do with the latters judgement overturning presidents rule in the state.
he cited sc judgements of 1993, 1998 and 2015 relating to the collegium system to assert that these very apex court orders have given the government the right to seek a reconsideration of the proposals made by the collegium.
prasad said there are two obvious reasons to support his stand that the government was not acting under any influence in this case.
a proper government with 3/4th majority has been elected in uttarakhand.
second, the order (of justice joseph to overturn presidents rule) was confirmed by justice j s khehar of the sc, who had also set aside the national judicial appointments commission (njac) act, yet he became the cji during the nda government.
.
.
i deny these insinuations, the minister said.
he said that sponsored allegations are being levelled against the government by  congress party in particular and others in general that josephs appointment was stalled due to his uttarakhand presidents rule verdict.
i wish to deny with all authority at my command.
it has nothing to do with that at all, he told reporters.
justice khehar headed a five-judge bench which had struck down the njac act in october 2015 restoring the collegium system of appointing judges to the higher judiciary.
khehar later went on to become the cji.
in the njac act, the law minister was one of the members in the panel for appointment of judges.
the meeting of the collegium on wednesday deferred its decision on reconsideration of justice josephs elevation.
the agenda of the collegium also included consideration of names of judges from calcutta, rajasthan and telangana & andhra pradesh hcs for elevation as judges of the sc in view of the concept of fair representation.
this story is from february 10, 2019file photo of lalji tandon.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
motihari: governor lalji tandon on saturday said instead of announcing farm loan waivers, governments should concentrate on introducing modern farming technology to uplift the condition of farmers in the country.
tandon said east champaran has turned out to be a model of integrated farming.
small and marginal farmers have switched over to integrated farming with latest technology to enhance their yearly incomes from fisheries, dairies, bee-keeping, mushroom and jugglery productions, the governor said while inaugurating the three-day kisan kumbh, organised by indian council of agricultural research in collaboration with dr rajendra prasad central agricultural university here.
union information technology minister ravishankarprasad prasad slammed congress leaders over the issue of triple talaq.
he said unlike shah bano case in which congress took u-turn, bjp would never step back on the issue of triple talaq as it is a matter of womens dignity and empowerment.
prasad said while the centre is trying to strengthen the indian air force by equipping it with rafale fighter jets, the congress is levelling baseless charges against the government just to cancel the deal.
congress has no issue to woo the voters ahead of the lok sabha election, the minister said.
deputy chief minister sushil kumar modi said the centre has resolved to provide rs 6,000 per year to poor and small farmers having less than 5 acres of land.
around 40,000 such farmers have already applied for financial assistance in bihar , he added.
this story is from november 17, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
pune: hridaynath balasaheb mangeshkar was the recipient of the lifetime achievement award at pulotsav this year.
the award was instituted by pu la himself and was created out of his own royalties.
babasaheb purandare presented the award to mangeshkar on saturday, which was pulotsavs first day.
during the ceremony purandares wit and one-liners kept the audience entertained.
he even spoke about hridaynaths father, deenanath mangeshkar .
deenanath mangeshkar died young.
he did not receive much treatment and struggled a lot in the process.
the familys responsibility then fell on lata mangeshkar.
but they did not forget their fathers struggle, or that of other people who were receiving treatment.
that is why they built the deenanath mangeshkar hospital in the city, purandare said.
mangeshkar spoke about the first time he met pu la deshpande, in kolhapur.
i lived near baburao painters house with my sisters and his neighbour was g d madgulkar.
pu la came there often.
i met him for the first time in 1943.
i always had difficulty walking, so i could not climb the stairs to look at painters artwork.
pu la saw me, recognized me as master deenanaths son, and lifted me upstairs and explained the paintings to me, he said.
mangeshkar added, what made pu la stand out was his love for others music and literature.
there are portraits of bade ghulam ali khan and rabindranath tagore at his home.
he wanted to know how instruments and vocals sound without the microphone, so he went to pandit ravishankarprasad and others homes.
once i wrote a piece in maharashtra times about my show at the royal albert house in london and his was the first letter to the editor, praising my article.
mangeshkar even spoke about the last time he met pu la, six months before he died.
i had gone to meet bal thackeray regarding the hospital we were constructing.
pu la was there then.
he was suffering, his hands were trembling.
i asked him how he felt.
he referred a ghazal and said many people have suffered and he can too.
that was the last time i saw pu la, he said.
this story is from january 25, 2019picture for representational purpose only.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
thrissur: a broad consensus was arrived at the bjp core committee meeting to allocate four seats to bdjs, its alliance partner in the state, in the ensuing lok sabha elections.
it is learnt that idukki, alappuzha, alathur and wayanad seats were proposed to be offered to the bdjs at the meeting held here on thursday.
the bdjs has demanded eight seats and bjp was unlikely to concede this demand, said a source.
however, the sources said more discussions will be held with the bdjs leaders soon on seat sharing.
meanwhile, bjp state general secretary k surendran told a press conference that the party would finalize the list of candidates in the second week of february.
he said there would be some real surprises in the nda list in the state.
our assessment is that except malappuram and ponnani, the party stands a chance to win in all the other 18 seats, surendran saidbjp national president amit shah and the union ministers nirmala seetharaman and ravishankarprasad prasad will interact with the booth level leaders in the state in february to finalize the election strategy, surendran said.
four districts will be formed into clusters for such discussions.
he said the party would continue agitations against the state government move to permit the entry of women of all ages to sabarimala, against the wishes of the ayyappa devotees.
he said there will be protests at all district headquarters on the issue on the first day of every malayalam month.
security for pms visitmeanwhile, an spg team visited thrissur on thursday for conducting advanced security liaison (asl) in connection with the visit of prime minister narendra modi on sunday.
the spg team visited the helipad at kuttanellur government college ground where the pms helicopter is expected to land and the thekkinkadu maidan where he is expected to address a public meeting in connection with the yuva morcha state conference.
the thrissur range ig m r ajithkumar said 2,000 police personnel, including seven sps, 25 dsps and 100 cis will be deployed for providing security cover to the prime minister.
additionally, teams from the thunderbolt and quick response wing will also be deployed for the security cover.
this story is from december 15, 2018make sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
new delhi: questioning rahul gandhi's intentions behind his sinister campaign against the rafale deal, bjp president amit shah on friday sought an apology from the congress president after the supreme court gave a clean chit to the narendra modi government.
rahul gandhi should apologise to the nation and our armed forces and he should tell about source of information on the rafale deal, shah said at a press conference.
taking a dig at the congress chief, he said, he (rahul) should refrain from levelling such childish allegations in future, which will be in his own interest.
he further said, there were four petitions questioning three major issues, including process, pricing and selection of offset partners.
the sc has rejected all the petitions saying there is no scope for any doubt in the deal.
the sc order is a slap on the face of those carrying out a campaign of lies.
while congress insisted for a jpc, shah said the government was not running away from it but there was a process and congress and other opposition parties should agree for a debate in parliament first.
jpc can't happen without debate in the house.
i challenge rahul gandhi and the opposition to agree for a debate in the house, then only a jpc can be considered, he added.
ravi shankar prasad added, rahul asked us several questions but today we want to ask him one question.
between 2006 and 2011, when there was minimum tender in dassault, why didn't you finalise deal (rafale)?
bengaluru: the bjp on sunday released three chargesheets against the congress government, alleging that the chief minister has failed to maintain law and order and protect the interests of farmers.
union it minister ravishankarprasad prasad, who inaugurated the bjp media centre in malleswaram, released the chargesheets, law and order situation in karnataka in a shambles, the congress that gave pain to farmers who gave food, and harm to bengaluru from siddaramaiah government.
people have lost faith in the congress because of its misrule and corruption.
the congress has been routed in many parts of the country and will be trounced in karnataka too, prasad said.
new delhi: the government on friday said that digital payment transactions have shot up post-demonetisation, indicating that cash transactions have been going down following initiatives to cut down the cash economy.
it minister ravishankarprasad prasad released numbers that showed that against 293 crore digital transactions recorded in 2016-17, the volumes grew to 596 crore transactions in 2016-17, showing a year-onyear growth of 103  (demonetization was announced in november 2016) and to 922 crore in 2017-18 (up 55 ).
till august this fiscal, the transactions have been recorded at 580 crore.
the minister said volumes have been boosted by new payment modes such as bharat interface for money-unified payments interface (bhimupi), aadhaar-enabled payment system (aeps) and national electronic toll collection (netc).
these have transformed digital payment ecosystem by increasing person-to-person (p2p) as well as person-to-merchant (p2m) payments.
at the same time existing payment modes such as debit cards, credit cards, immediate payment service ( imps ) and pre-paid instruments (ppi) have registered substantial growth.
patna: hospitality sector in bihar has probably been worst affected after the implementation of prohibition in the state since april 5, 2016.
according to city hoteliers, apart from drastic plunge in the room occupancy rate, corporate conferences have almost stopped.
the food and beverages (f&b) segment has lost revenue up to 25 to 30 .
now, corporate events like product launches or meetings of most pharmaceutical, cement and other business firms are held either in neighbouring jharkhand or west bengal and delhi, said pranav kumar, the general manager at a hotel near gandhi maidan a number of bars, which used to offer liquor earlier, have turned into coffee shops and restaurants.
several small hotels and lounges have lost their customers and incurred huge revenue losses after prohibition.
ravi shankar, the owner of a lounge on boring road, recalled how patnaites attended special christmas or new year parties in the pre-prohibition phase.
he said, i suffered a loss of nearly rs 20 lakh.
.
.
i no longer organize corporate events.
since the rent was very high, i had to cut manpower and give up one of the floors of my two-storeyed lounge.
event management firms have a similar experience to share.
the number of parties being organized in the city has dropped by almost 70 .
party animals prefer moving to other cities like delhi or bengaluru on christmas or new year as alcohol is easily available there, said atul pancham, public relations officer of a city-based event management firm.
after booze ban, destination weddings have become quite popular among the city residents.
bihar industries association treasurer subodh goel told this reporter, those willing to spend money on lavish weddings prefer organizing their functions in ranchi, varanasi, delhi or other popular destinations not very far from the city.
many, on the other hand, have got used to the liquor ban .
we have gradually accepted the fact that we live in a dry state and found other ways of enjoying ourselves in parties, said boring road resident aman kumar.
jalandhar: in the wake of punjab bjp president and union minister of state vijay sampla saying sad demand for amendment in article 25 b of the constitution for separate sikh identity could have an adverse impact on reservation for scheduled castes among sikhs, sad said the sc quota in sikhs had nothing to with article 25b former rajya sabha mp tarlochan singh , who also remained vice-chairman of national commission for minorities (ncm) and who tried to move the amendment as private members bill in parliament during his stint, said samplas statement is misleading and appears to be a threat tactic aimed at creating fear among dalit sikhs.
reservation was not given to sikhs initially.
it was given only after then sad president master tara singh launched an agitation (in the 1950s).
it was not given through article 25b and the reservation has nothing to do with the provision of this article.
even the venkatachaliah commission recommended the amendment, said sad secretary general and rajya sabha mp sukhdev singh dhindsa it was dhindsa who led the sad delegation to finance minister arun jaitley and law minister ravishankarprasad prasad on january 2 last year.
asked if the issue had been discussed with experts, dhindsa said, we have held discussions with experts and this amendment has nothing to do with reservation.
i think there should be no hitch but even if there is, we shall discuss with experts.
reservation to hindu scheduled castes was given in 1950 and sikhs were excluded.
it was due to agitation by sikhs and threat to fast by master tara singh that scheduled castes among sikhs were given this facility.
if sikhs were hindus they would have been given this facility along with hindus, argued tarlochan singh who accompanied dhindsa in the delegation.
the minority commission was founded in 1978 and sikhs were given minority status as a separate religion when parliament passed the minority commission act.
even buddhists, who are not hindus were given the scheduled cast facility later, he said.
sources said a few senior sad leaders flagged the issue within the party, expressing apprehensions about the reservation in terms of the amendment.
a few discussions have already been held.
when contacted, senior sad leader, former lok sabha deputy speaker charanjit singh atwal, who was speaker of punjab assembly and is from the sc community, refused to comment.
us-based advocate g s lamba, who has been articulating on sikh legal issues, said reservation to scs among sikhs has nothing with article 25 b. the bjp leaders approach appears to be creating a wedge within sikhs by creating a fear psychosis, he said.
this story is from february 11, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
chennai: gearing up for the ensuing lok sabha elections, union ministers and senior leaders of the bjp will descend on tamil nadu to expand the party's support base and devise strategies to make inroads into dravidian land.
from bjp president amit shah to senior minister nitin gadkari and chief minister of up yogi adityanath, the leaders will interact with party functionaries and address public meetings.
they will meet like-minded people, representatives and influential persons from different spectrum of society to garner support for the party and help it put up a good show in the forthcoming elections.
tamil nadu has always proved a tough poll terrain for the bjp.
it was under atal behari vajpayee's reign (1999-2004) that the party in alliance with aiadmk and dmk fared well.
the bjp has identified the dominant communities and deciding factors in each region and fixed meetings with various caste leaders.
shah would visit erode and ramanathapuram on february 14 and 22 respectively.
apart from interacting with the party functionaries, he would meet a handful of representatives from the fisher community from nagapattinam , sivaganga and ramnathapuram districts.
shah would meet the owners of textile and other industries from erode and surrounding districts.
it will help us to understand the needs and expectations of the industrialists and also give an opportunity to understand their perspective of our party, said bjp state secretary m puratchikavidasan.
citing prime minister narendra modi's message to party functionaries to focus on first-time voters, who will play a crucial role in the poll outcome, leaders would also meet the members of the youth and the women's wing to boost their morale.
we are focusing on intermediate caste representatives (obc) following the party's announcement of 10  reservation.
we are hoping to capitalise on it, a state-level functionary in madurai region where union minister of law and justice ravishankarprasad prasad would interact with influential persons from the intermediate caste on february 15.
he will have a similar programme in vellore on february 14 and will meet industrialists from the leather sector and representative from msmes.
existing means of authentication +aadhaar website has basic security flaws, blogs aussie expert australian information security expert troy hunt on thursday pointed out a bunch of basic security flaws with the aadhaar website uidai.gov.
in.
these included a vulnerability to man in the middle attacks, outdated security certificates, and inadequate encryption of data.
recently introduced a 16-digit 'virtual id' +new delhi: the unique identification authority of india uidai ) has decided to introduce facial authentication for aadhaar for people encountering issues with other forms of biometric verification, like fingerprint and iris scanning.
the new feature is expected to be available in fusion mode - that is, with- on registered devices by july 1 this year.
specifically, the new feature will be allowed only when combined with one more authentication factor, like fingerprint, iris or otp.
this facility is going to help in inclusive authentication of those who are not able to biometrically authenticate due to their worn out fingerprints, old age or hard work conditions, pti quoted uidai as saying.
the new method will also be allowed on need basis, pti reported.
a few days ago, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had assured that the fingerprint and iris data stored in the aadhaar system was impenetrable.
the (aadhaar) system contains my finger print and iris kept in safe and secure encrypted form which cannot be broken even by billions of efforts.
that is an indian technology, he had said.
his comments are significant, as they came in the backdrop of allegations of a massive aadhaar data breach meanwhile, uidaiin an attempt to address privacy concerns.
the 'virtual id' can be generated from a website and be submitted for various purposes, including sim verification, instead of sharing the actual 12-digit biometric id.
patna: union minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said congress president rahul gandhis assertion that the party will win the 2019 parliamentary elections and also the coming assembly elections in three states was like counting stars during the daytime.
prasad, who briefed media persons here, also accused rahul of undermining the dignity of the country by making unsavoury remarks against pm narendra modis informal summit meeting with chinese president xi jinping at wuhan.
prasads reaction came after the congress presidents outbursts against the pm at the partys aakrosh rally in delhi.
the bjp will win the 2019 parliamentary elections under the leadership of pm narendra modi with a comfortable margin, prasad claimed.
he added the bjp, all along, had held the considered view that rahul needed to do homework before speaking on any subject.
now, we also realise that he does not speak the truth.
he has ignored the fact that the congress has only lost elections under his leadership, prasad said.
on rahuls criticism of the pms china visit, the union minister said, the congress president should know that the countrys foreign policy has always been perceived as beyond criticism.
he should maintain the dignity of the countrys foreign policy.
patna: union law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad on sunday said the opposition combine comprising the congress and the smaller parties would not be able to stop the caravan of pm narendra modi in the 2019 parliamentary elections, as they constituted the defeated and tired political force.
addressing a meeting of the intellectuals at gyan bhavan here to celebrate the completion of four years of narendra modi government, the minister took a jibe at the congress, which had recently moved the supreme court after karnataka governor vajubhai vala invited bjps b s yeddyurappa to form the government in the southern state.
those who are defeated cannot run the country by filing pil in the court, the minister said, emphasising that with 104 mlas, bjp is the single largest party in karnataka.
highlighting the achievements of the narendra modi-led government at the centre, the minister said, today, middlemen have no place in delhi durbar.
unlike in the past, they do not have any say in the decision making process of the government.
claiming that the policies of the centre are pro-poor, the minister informed the gathering how electrification of villages, issuance of neem-coated urea and linking of jan dhan accounts with aadhaar and cellhones helped the poor in the country.
beneficiaries of various schemes are availing the direct benefit transfer (dbt) facility, which has put a brake on misappropriation of funds, he added.
senior bjp functionaries, including president of the partys state unit nityanand rai, union minister ram kripal yadav, deputy cm sushil kumar modi, ministers nand kishore yadav, prem kumar, mangal pandey and vinod narayan jha and rajya sabha member dr c p thakur also addressed the meeting.
the ministers of the state highlighted the work and schemes being implemented by their respective departments with money coming from the centre.
road construction department minister nand kishore said national highways and mega bridges were being constructed with money provided by the centre as part of the rs 1.
25 lakh crore central package that the then prime ministerial candidate of bjp narendra modi had announced in the run up to the 2014 lok sabha elections.
deputy cm sushil kumar modi also slammed the congress, saying the party cannot live without power.
chinese hackers targetting whatsapp, says indian army the chinese use all kinds of platforms to penetrate your digital world.
whatsapp groups are a new way of hacking into your system.
chinese numbers starting with +86 barge into your groups and start extracting all the data, a video tweeted by the adgpi said.network systems experiencing a hardware failure +new delhi: at least 10 government websites, including those of the union ministries of defence, labour, home affairs, and law and justice were down on friday, initially sparking fears of a chinese hack.
however, senior government officials, as well as the national informatics centre (nic) said this was due to a hardware error detected in the afternoon and not because of a security breach.
by 9.
00 pm, at least four of these websites, including that of defence and home affairs, were operational again.
the speculation of a chinese hack originated after mandarin characters were noticed on the top left of the ministry of defence website while it displayed an error message.
however, the nic explained that the mandarin characters were the logo of content management tool zen from a platform called drupal that was used for the website.
mod.gov.
in is not hacked.
there is some technical issue since 2:30pm today.
drupal theme https://www.
drupal.org/project/zen framework.
the site displayed the default logo, said a tweet from @nicmeity on friday evening.
nic develops and maintains government websites.
national cyber security coordinator gulshan rai told toi the downtime was due to.
there has been no cyberattack on any government website or any sabotage.
it is a hardware failure, affecting about 10 government websites.
drupal is a content management software used by the affected websites, he told toi.
it was a minor malfunction between the data centre and the system gateway and has been set right.
it was not at all a case of hacking, much less any chinese intrusion, union minister for electronics and information technology ravishankarprasad prasad told toi.
earlier, sitharaman had tweeted from her verified handle @nsitharaman that the mod website was hacked.
action is initiated after the hacking of mod website (http://mod.
nic.
in).
the website shall be restored shortly.
needless to say, every possible step required to prevent any such eventuality in the future will be taken, she posted at 5.
16 pm.
by then, ministry of defence was among the top twitter trends in india.
the tweet still stood at 9.
45 pm.
by 9 pm, toi found that the websites of the union ministries of labour and employment (labour.
gov.
in), defence (mod.
nic.
in and mod.gov.
in), home affairs (mha.gov.
in) and department of science and technology (dst.gov.
in) were functioning again.
among the websites still down were those of the ministries of culture (indiaculture.
nic.
in); law and justice (lawmin.
nic.
in); water resources, river development and ganga rejuvenation (mowr.gov.
in); department of science and technology (dst.gov.
in); statistics and programme implementation (mospi.
nic.
in); and chemicals and fertilisers (chemicals.
nic.
in).
responding to initial reports of the websites being down, a french cybersecurity researcher who goes by the pseudonym elliot alderson initially tweeted, i warned the #indian government that the majority of the #indian governmental websites are vulnerable.
for the sake of your country, its urgent to take the necessary steps now!
of course, im no the (sic) author of this attack, im not an attacker.
however, after the government clarified that the sites were under maintenance for the hardware failure, he tweeted: this seems consistent with the error messages that can be seen on the affected sites.
alderson had also pointed out that other indian websites that were down at one stage included rch.
nhm.gov.
in, gst.gov.
in and ngodarpan.gov.
in.
over 22,000 indian websites, including 114 government portals were hacked between april 2017 and january 2018, according to a written answer in the lok sabha last month from minister of state for electronics and information technology k j alphons.
patna: with the election commission set to hold election to fill up the six rajya sabha (rs) seats from bihar , political atmosphere in the state has started hotting up.
while political parties have begun an exercise to set right their equation with alliance partners to win maximum of the six seats, aspirants have also started lobbying in delhi and patna to get a nomination.
of the six seats, one of rebel jd (u) leader ali anwar is already vacant, while the five other seats are held by those who are going to retire on april 2.
anwars term was also to end on april 2, but he was disqualified as a rajya sabha member by chairman venkaiah naidu a few weeks ago.
this followed a complaint from his jd(u), accusing him of indulging in anti-party activities.
the other five members to retire on april 2 are union ministers dharmendra pradhan and ravishankarprasad prasad (both bjp), mahendra prasad alias king mahendra, bashishtha narain singh and anil kumar sahni (all jd-u).
though the ec has not announced the election schedule, it has set the ball rolling by appointing bihar assembly secretary ram shreshtha rai as the rs election returning officer.
the election is likely to be held in mid-march during the forthcoming budget session of state assembly scheduled to be held from february 26 to april 4, sources said.
as per rules, a candidate in bihar will require votes of at least 35 mlas to win the rs election.
as rjd has currently 79 mlas, it can win two seats.
the party may transfer its nine surplus votes to ally congress.
the congress has 27 mlas and it may thus win one rs seat.
the ruling jd (u), with 71 members in the assembly, too can win two seats.
the party has not decided so far whether it will retain two of its three retiring members or send new faces to the upper house.
however, it will not be easy for the bjp to drop either of the two union ministers.
with its strength of 52 mlas, it can win just one rs seat.
sources said the party may get one of the two ministers nominated to the rs from another state.
new delhi, jun 11 () ministry of railways and it ministry today signed an agreement to allow ticket bookings through 2.
9 lakh common service centres (cscs) in the country in next 8-9 months.
now all 2.
9 lakh cscs will be connected through technology to facilitate railways ticket booking.
at present, around 40,000 cscs are connected.
.
.
in the next 8-9 months all cscs should be able to do ticket booking, railways minister piyush goyal said after signing of the pact.
the pact was signed between irctc and csc india, which manages common service centres across the country for providing government services in rural areas.
csc will be able to book both reserved and unreserved tickets.
goyal said that he will work on allowing all 2.
9 lakh csc to work as banking correspondents and also explore the opportunity to set up extended bank counters at cscs to provide banking and financial services in rural areas.
he asked law and it minister ravishankarprasad prasad to provide speed, skill and scale to his proposal of financial services through cscs.
cscs can also be made a medium to grant mudra loans, but you will have to be vigilant and make commitment for honesty, goyal said.
this story is from january 3, 2019prime minister narendra modi to attend a rally in gurdaspur.
download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
jalandhar: prime minister narendra modi has a date with three nobel laureates at a private university in jalandhar on january 3.
after opening the 106th edition of indian science congress at the university, he will engage in a private discussion with them.
the talks are expected to revolve around the future of scientific advancements and indias role in it.
as many as 15,000 delegates from over 60 countries will be participating in the meet, as well as an equal number of other participants, including children from across the country.
the science congress will also be attended by science and technology minister dr harsh vardhan, law minister ravishankarprasad prasad , textiles minister smriti irani and hrd minister prakash javadekar .
heads of departments like national assessment and accreditation council (naac), department of science & technology defence research and development organisation are also expected to join the mega conclave of the scientific community of the country.
more than 100 lecture halls, auditoriums, centre halls, theatres, rooms on the campus have been engaged for different presentations and scientific deliveries.
the three nobel winning scientists who will be part of this discussion with modi are avram hershko, winner of 2004 nobel prize for chemistry; f duncan m haldane, winner of 2016 nobel prize for physics; and thomas christian sdhof, winner of 2013 nobel prize for medicine.
new delhi: galloping crude took a pause on thursday, with global benchmark brent slipping nearly 1  on prospects of opec winding down its two-year production deal to fill possible supply gaps from venezuela and iran .
the fall, though marginal, reinforces the view in the government to wait for a market correction and use that time to find a long-term fix to deal with oil price volatility.
respite for consumers, however, will come only if the downturn in prices continue for some time.
pump prices rose for the 11straight day after state-run fuel retailers resumed daily price revisions after the may 12 karnataka assembly poll.
oil minister dharmendra pradhan in bhubaneswar said the centre is deliberating on an immediate solution to rising fuel prices till petroleum products are brought under gst.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad had on wednesday said the government is working on a long-term solution.
the view in the government is that a market correction is ahead since the price rally is the handiwork of speculators and not based on market fundamentals.
under the circumstance it is better to wait before tinkering with the excise duty on fuels, which will eat into the governments budget.
every re 1 cut in excise costs rs 13,000 crore annual revenue.
several options are being tossed around in the meantime.
these include slapping windfall tax on oil produced by state-run ongc and oil.
the tax may kick in beyond $70 per barrel price.
but such a move will bring to question the governments commitment to oil reforms and may not serve much purpose as just about 30  of oil comes from domestic fields.
the political imperative for providing immediate relief too gone with the completion of karnataka poll.
elections in rajasthan, madhya pradesh and chattisgarh are in november.
theres then ample time for the government to wait for oil price correction.
new delhi: the muslim women (protection of rights on marriage) bill, 2017, which criminalises instant talaq (talaq-e-biddat), will be tabled in rajya sabha in the second half of the budget session even as numbers are stacked against the government in the upper house.
the first half is brief and will be dedicated mostly to motion of thanks to the presidents speech but the triple talaq bill will be listed in the second phase, a government source told toi.
the budget will be tabled on february 1 and parliament will break on february 9.
the second part of the session is from march 5 to april 6.
the government on monday declared its intent to secure early passage of the controversial triple talaq bill, with prime minister narendra modi identifying it as one of his priorities for the budget session.
in the last session, it was our effort and the nation had high hopes that there wont be any politics on crucial issues like triple talaq so that muslim women will get their rights.
however, despite the order of the supreme court, the bill on triple talaq could not be passed by parliament.
i hope and appeal to political parties across the country to join hands in passing the triple talaq bill to protect the rights of muslim women.
it will indeed be the best gift of 2018, in the new year for muslim women, the pm told reporters before entering parliament.
the bill provides for jail term up to three years for those who practice instant triple talaq which was declared illegal by the sc last year.
opposition parties have disagreed with this and have demanded that the bill be referred to a select committee.
the governments intent to go ahead was articulated also through president ram nath kovinds address to the joint sitting of the two houses.
muslim women's honour was a victim of political one-upmanship.
now, the country has the opportunity to free them from this situation, the president said, adding, my government tabled a bill on triple talaq in parliament and i hope it will become law soon.
after the law comes into force, muslim daughters and sisters can live a life free of fear and dignity.
later, the president tweeted, for decades, the dignity of muslim women has remained captive to political cost-benefit.
now, the nation has an opportunity to emancipate them from this situation.
despite oppositions insistence, the government did not agree to the demand to decriminalise triple talaq by doing away with the imprisonment clause.
law minister ravishankarprasad prasad has repeatedly said that making the act a criminal offence was the very soul of the legislation.
although the government plans to introduce the bill in rajya sabha, it has the option of a joint sitting of both houses in case the deadlock prevails.
however, a senior bjp leader said joint session was not on the agenda yet and efforts were on to reach a consensus and get the bill passed in the budget session.
this story is from february 9, 2019download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
its only been a few hours since harmonica veteran charlie musselwhite has touched down after a 20-hour-long flight from los angeles but the 75-year-old, dressed nattily in black, his silvery mane neatly combed back and his eyes smiling from his cheek, looks not the least bit tired of granting back-to-back interviews at a terrace lounge under an overcast sky on friday.
this is his first time in india but hed like you to believe otherwise.
physically, yes its my first time but id like to think ive been here many times.
one of my earliest memories is from when i was nine.
i saw an old black and white movie called pather panchali.
the music, i didnt know at the time was by ravishankarprasad .
it sounded like blues to me.
so powerful, so moving.
.
.
ive never forgotten.
it left a huge impression on my mind.
so much from the heart and thats what im all about, he said while adding.
then theres ali akbar khan who had a school in california that i was actually thinking about going to but never get around to it, he recalled, detailing the three weeks that he intends to spend in india with a visit to kerala, an ayurvedic resort and a ganesha temple.
at this point one cant help but notice the tattoo on his lower left arm  a smiling ganesha.
i got this 10 years ago.
i heard he removes obstacles.
i used to be a bad alcoholic and id like to think that he helped remove alcohol from my life, he smiles.
underneath the elephant god are two foreign letters.
it reads peace in thai.
a ten-minute chance to quiz a blues veteran with five decades of experience, 20 albums and multiple awards including a grammy seems almost impossible.
it helps that musselwhite shows no haste.
he has an air of serenity and a spiritual take on just about everything that probably stems from his buddhist leaning.
born in kosciusko, mississippi in 1944, musselwhites tryst with the blues and the harmonica began as a 13-year-old.
i lived next to a creek with fields around it and workers singing the blues.
as the only child of a single mother, that music sounded like how i felt.
it wrapped itself around me.
the harmonica that he calls his voice didnt happen by chance.
back then harmonicas were real cheap.
everybody had one at home.
i was 13 when id go into the woods or down by the creek and make up my own blues, laughs the harp genius who began playing in memphis and gained prominence in chicago, where he was mentored by many blues musicians.
they were real old singers who id drink and have jam sessions with but i didnt know at the time that i was preparing for a career.
id have paid more attention then!
for musselwhite who has been a recording artiste since the 60s and partnered with the likes of eric clapton and bb king, the blues has also been his refuge and a way of dealing with grief after the brutal killing of his mother in 2005.
blues, its your buddy when youre up and your comforter when you're down, he says.
it also gives him reason to believe in the genres future.
as long as people are having their ups and downs, blues is always there for you.
its not like a big ad campaign.
people hear it once and want more.
their hearts recognize the feeling.
the blues veteran will be on a spiritual journey around india when his name appears on the grammy screen on monday for his new album with ben harper, no mercy in this land.
musselwhite is known to store his nomination medallions at home in a candy bowl that his son had made in art class and the grammy that he won along with harper for the best blues album in 2014, locked away in his cupboard.
i dont know why i do it.
ive lived in very rough places so its just a habit.
maybe ill stop now!
he chuckles.
and what if he wins?
i may have to get a bigger lock with chains!
this story is from december 17, 2018download the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
ustad amjad ali khan is 73 years old, but it seems he has hit a new purple patch in his career.
apart from riding high on a string of sold-out concerts across india and the rave reviews his new book has garnered from critics and fans alike, the sarod maestro is elated to have become the second indian to perform at the un day annual concert at the iconic general assembly chamber in new york last october.
it was an honour for me and my sons (amaan and ayan) to play at the un day annual concert because this year, india has been asked to perform at the concert after 52 years.
last time it was ms subbulakshmiji, who had represented the country there in 1966, says the padma vibhushan awardee.
the ustad was recently in hyderabad for a concert and hyderabad times caught up with him to talk about an array of subjects ranging from the dearth of symphonic orchestras in india to the new breed of sarod players in the country and more.
excerpts:you have been to hyderabad many a time before.
what is that one thing that you love about the city and its people?
when it comes to paying respect to classical musicians, the reverence artistes receive in south india is unparalleled.
for instance, it was sometime in the 1980s when an organisation from hyderabad had invited me to receive an award tilted sangeetha sagaram.
both i and ms subbulakshmiji received the award in the same function.
i was a little embarrassed as she was like a mother figure to me and i have immense respect for her.
i vividly remember she received the award while seated from the then cm vijay bhaskar reddy.
i didnt know that is how they honour senior musicians in the south.
when my turn came to be on stage, the chief minister asked me to do the same and handed over the award only when i obliged to his request.
it was one of the rare sights when a politician stood throughout the evening to honour classical musicians on stage.
such is the kind of respect people from south india have for classical musicians.
we dont usually see indian classical musicians speaking highly of each other in public.
so when someone like you writes a book paying tribute to fellow musicians, are you trying to send out a message?
see, in indian classical music, every musicians opinion is different from the other.
and unfortunately, every one of them thinks his is the correct one.
ego clashes are common in this field and maybe thats why our musicians dont praise each other publicly.
this is why i wrote a book last year on 12 classical musicians who changed the face of indian music.
usually, whenever an indian classical musician decides to wield a pen, he ends up writing about his family lineage or guru.
but this is probably the first book in indian classical musics history where a musician has publicly praised his contemporaries and seniors.
connecting with the audience when performing live in a concert is an art in itself.
do you think it helps if a musician is a good orator?
i, as a matter of fact, have never indulged in riyaaz of bhashan baazi (practice of oration).
as a musician, i always strive to speak to my fans and audiophiles through the language of sound.
unlike spoken words, understanding the essence of sound needs a lot of practise.
maybe thats why they say that sound is the food for the soul.
i never wanted to play the sarod, ive always tried to sing through the instrument.
and by gods grace i have been successful in doing so.
i have also tried to impart the same philosophy to my disciples.
you would be surprised to know that sarod playing has undergone considerable change in todays times.
if i have to quote a number, today there are about 500, if not more, sarod players in the country and thats a great thing.
if thats true, why dont we get to see another ustad amjad ali khan or pandit ravishankarprasad in the making among todays youth?
todays youngsters are definitely talented but it will be difficult to be trendsetters such as pandit ravishankarprasad , ustad bismillah khan and ustad vilayat khan , to name a few.
but i think they are trying.
in fact, its also not easy to copy others in classical music as you need special talent to be a copy master in this field.
the people of india too are very choosy when it comes to taste in music.
you cant impose musicians or music on them; they will choose only what they like.
you love western classical symphonies and have achieved the rare feat of composing samagham, the first sarod concert for scottish chamber orchestra .
why do you think india doesnt have professional symphony orchestras?
i was exposed to western classical symphonies since my first foreign tour to america in the early 1960s.
be it mozart, tchaikovsky, beethoven or bach, i like all of them.
but i could never understand why we dont have a western classical orchestra to boast of.
in spite of being under the british rule for over 200 years, we couldnt create an orchestra par excellence for ourselves.
isnt it strange that we embraced attires, habits and what not from the british but couldnt tap their knowledge of music?
though there have been orchestras in cities like kolkata and mumbai, but they dont match up to ensembles and are not professionals.
representative imagedownload the times of india news app for latest citymake sense of the 2019 lok sabha elections and results on may 23 with toi.
follow us to track latest news, live updates, news analysis and cutting-edge data analytics.
track live election results , the big trends and fastest updates on counting day with india's largest news network.
patna: the bjp has been paying utmost attention to retaining the traditional support of the trading class in the patna sahib parliamentary constituency in favour of its nominee ravishankarprasad prasad, as the capacity of congress candidate shatrughan sinha to chip away a section of kayastha caste people, besides garnering a challenging number of votes from other social groups, is not ruled out.
in fact, the roadshow by bjp chief amit shah along kadamkuan-bakarganj-udyog bhavan here on saturday is being seen as a pointer to the partys bid to consolidate the trading class sections.
for, shahs route touched famous hathua and khetan markets, as well as other shopping establishments.
together, it has the heaviest concentration of the trading sections under the municipal corporation area of patna outside patna city .
the radial spread could also incorporated the nearby business establishments along ashok rajpath and its bylanes like govind mitra road.
indeed, even the trading sections appeared to look at the situation in this light.
why do you think the bjp organizers of the roadshow decided to have it from kadamakuan to udyog bhavan?
because it has the biggest concentration of trading sections in the patna municipal corporation area, pataliputra sarrafa sangh president vinod kumar said.
the party wants to muster their traditional loyalty and also give a message to such people that their unflinching support to its nominee ravishankarprasad and, for that matter to pm narendra modi, is solicited, he added.
incidentally, as many as 350 jewellery shops lie along the roadshow route.
other than patna, the trading sections are also concentrated in its satellite suburban towns like fatuha and bakhtiarpur.
by one estimate, around 3 lakh families are running their small, medium and big trading establishments in wholesale and retail business in the patna sahib constituency.
the bihar chamber of commerce and industries (bcci) maintained that around 25 trade organizations active in patna are affiliated with it.
although bcci does not issue any diktat or fatwa, it is assumed that the trading sections would vote for the bjp candidate, bcci secretary general amit mukherjee said.
even as the bjp has sent ravishankarprasad to the rajya sabha thrice and he became union minister both in the atal bihari vajpayee and narendra modi governments at the centre, it is for the first time that he is contesting election for the lok sabha.
sinha, who was in the union cabinet of vajpayee, was elected to the lok sabha from here in 2009 and 2014.
there was huge resentment against him in 2014, but the party cadres worked for him to make narendra modi pm, state bjp sources maintained.
however, sinha has overcome that disadvantage by switching loyalty to the congress and has been banking on the combined support base of the grand alliance partners rjd, rlsp, vikassheel insaan party and ham(s).
they together are expected to rally around him such social groups as yadav, kushwaha (koeri), muslim and nishad (fishermen whose number is substantial in the constituency), among others.
for his part, sinha is also expected to cut into 2.
5 lakh strong kayastha votes as he and ravishankarprasad belong to this caste.
